ASMR
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
The following program is intended for mature audiences.
Good evening, everybody out there on the interweb.
listening to Orange Lounge Radio. We're about ready to kick off tonight's program.
Happy Halloween, you weenies! We're gonna be talking tonight about Ultramix 3.
Extrofer is gonna review a snuff film on tonight's show, and I don't know, whatever else
tickles our fancies. Dark Soccer was out for last week, so she's gonna
tell you all about her week off. Is your mic on? It is now. There we go. I had to go
We're going to talk about field trips.
It sucks!
We're going to reminisce about good old times.
But first, a brief introduction.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Oh
Oh, God, hey, hey, hey, call me Daddy
Orange Lounge may contain adult content. Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of beauty. Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that. In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
We are live and this is episode number 162 for this October the 30th of 2005.
You're tuned into Orange Lounge Radio live, a radio that gamers really want and this is
Orange Lounge Radio live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music
games as well as the gamer community in the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Skye, joining me as always from my awesome
co-hosts in this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, is Stark Sakura.
Jamie Summers.
That was lovely.
Tasted like burrito.
It tastes like burning.
No, it tasted like burrito.
You know what's funny?
I think your mic faded out, like right at the point where you burped, so it didn't pick
it up even, which is great.
Burp!
There you go.
Also with us tonight, say hello to Tech Masuloki.
Hi.
How you doing?
But you seem a little withdrawn tonight giving me one word answers. I don't know
I just haven't gotten into this show yet. Are you are you committed to this program? Yes
You better be all right also with us tonight. Say hello to
The crazy the delusional, but it's very funny extrovert
Yo, yo, how you doing extrovert? I'm doing great with a side of good
Good.
That's wonderful to hear.
Also with us tonight, say hello to Ms. DDR Angel.
Hello.
How you doing?
I'm good.
Yeah, I've got a lot of stuff to talk about, but I guess we can talk about that later.
As I have news about said convention from this weekend.
Hint.
Elbow.
Hint.
Did you go to Blizzcon?
No, I didn't.
I know a lot of news about it.
I was like, the fuck?
We had representation at Blizzcon?
Um, sort of. I kind of had my ends as far as finding out about stuff, even though I wasn't there. Does that make sense?
Okay, I gotcha. I'll talk about my relationship with Blizzard Entertainment in a little while. We'll talk about that when we come back. How's that sound?
Sure. No, that's fine. I just wanted to, you know, get out there.
I love Blizzard now, which is ironic because I used to think they were so overrated, but ever since I started playing World of Warcraft, I can't fucking stop.
and then i would like to know how to get a blue and i don't know if they will not
tell you what i've ran laughter
fifteen years ago
that you know i'm not
the public rocket
yet but this really big interesting
uh... it was in the end isn't that that new movie like you monday
you know
uh... or that the medication you take with your depressed that that a lot
Anyway, I have a lot of news about that. We can talk about that when we get back.
Other than that, I've probably got some other stuff.
Well good, I'm glad someone's on task tonight, because I have really nothing. I was just going to wing it for three hours.
I don't know about DarkSakura and Loki, but I can already tell Loki's kind of distance from the show.
Anyway, yeah, hi.
And DarkSakura, I don't even know if what she's got on the screen is related to the show.
I'm looking at Playgirl models.
Let's go to a break, kids. We'll be back after this with more...
I'm looking at naked Darryl Hannah.
Oh, sorry. I'm actually going to be ordering Clan of the Cave Bear.
You guys are so weird.
And Iguana Girl says hi.
Oh, right on. Hey.
Is her people very gray and wiry?
What?
Darryl Hannah.
I don't know it.
Oh, I thought you were talking about Iguana Girl. I was like, what?
Oh, no, no, no, no. I was talking about Daryl Hannah.
But it's Iguana Girls. No, I'm kidding.
On that note, let's go to a break.
And we'll be back after this. And we might actually talk about some music game stuff.
Because apparently Ultra Mix 3, the song list released, and there's a concert coming to town,
and all this other garbage I want to talk about too.
We'll be back after this. Oh, join our chat room, won't you?
click on chat. We'll start it off this break with a little bit of Taku from 2DX4 style. Enjoy.
Long live the
Johnny wanted to you
Ready, steady, go!
Ready, steady, go!
Lyrical style of my blow, yo
Yo, ready
Ready
Lyrical style of my blow, yo
Ready, steady, go!
Strictly the motherfucker
I'm ready, steady, go I'm ready, steady, go
Gaming radio, so uncensored, that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, Mooch, uh, Moo-kaw-key.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Taxcon.
Hi, we're here.
I like Doritos, Rob.
Do you? That's good to hear.
It sounds like it. I mean, literally.
It smells like it, too.
We all know.
Oh, that mic's getting retired before the end of the night. I don't know what the fuck's going on with it.
Hi! This microphone sucks a big chunk of ass.
Oh, that's what it is.
Do you want me to pick up a new mic?
Are you going to Target?
And you can reimburse me?
F yes. Go to Target and get a new mic.
Okay.
That's awesome.
I'm so awesome, aren't I?
You're okay.
Aww.
Alright, so we'll get that fixed.
Good, that means that'll be fixed before the podcast. That makes me happy.
So anyway.
Wow, that kind of threw me.
I just think it would be really funny if one day we were at a break and then we just didn't
come back.
You just kind of hear the music in the background and we're not there.
Actually, maybe we already pulled that prank.
I don't know.
Anyway, hi.
You're listening to Orange Andrea.
We are here.
We are live.
I noticed, just judging from the names I see in chat room, we have quite a few people tonight
who haven't listened before.
And judging from what's been going on in general in the past 10 months, we have more and more
people listening to us thanks to our podcast, which I think, you know, that's awesome. That's
the whole idea. We did a podcast in the first place. It's because we were like, oh, maybe
we'll get like two or three people listening to the podcast that'll come over and then
listen to our live show. And then the fucking podcast gets like 40 times the listeners our
live show gets. It's crazy. But it's cool. No, we love it. We love the fact that, you
know, people are listening to it and just loving it. But I do, I do got to warn people,
the live show's not really like the podcast. Because the podcast, you know, we're sitting
around, we're talking about games, we're letting you know about, you know, what video games
are coming out, and we're just the news, we're telling you guys the news and what's going
on and giving you our big fat opinions and all that, but this three hour show, well,
it's about the music-based video games, supposedly, I mean, that's, you know, the ideas that we
talk about DDR and 2DX, but, I mean, let's face it, if you look at the DDR scene in general,
what's happened to the DDR Freak boards?
It's like this, it's like, we're dedicated, this show is dedicated to music games like
MTV is dedicated to music.
Yes, that's a great analogy. We are the MTV of music gaming.
I can't really say anything too bad about the DDR Freak boards, though.
No, I'm not saying a negative thing. No, no, no, no. Not just because I moderate
there. Right.
But because I've seen worse. Oh, yeah. No, no. I'm not saying anything.
I mean, if I wanted to say something negative about the DDR Freak boards, I'd go to a different
topic. But the DDR Freak boards in general, if you
notice where the majority of posts are, well, maybe not the majority, but the real active
users and the long-time users all kind of flock to one forum, random chat.
So we are the random chat of the internet. I don't know.
Random chat lately is the bane of my existence. Anyway, that is a great analogy. I'm sorry,
that was great. We're like MTV is to music. Anyway, oh, even the chat room agrees. Loki
he wins the show says uh... in bq good job people are still in the same way
g_-four has nothing to do it in the g_-four is is um...
young man television and
at the stretch of that i'm confused by g_-four
they confuse me a first up why they play fast lane cuz
at show shouldn't be on erin any station
or remember that one episode of a play bdr in it
all i get that probably tied up with the video game and i still want to be there
you know put on station
sounds good to me
well maybe they'll put on like you know will and grace now on that show because
you know they play DDR in one episode
that's like that logo channel playing wonder falls
you know just because there was a lesbian couple in wonder falls they put
on the whole show
logo by the way being the gay lesbian I'm sorry for all of you
people that don't like to be fucked up the ass
logos for gay people
What does it, it doesn't, my, my mother watches Logo.
Oh, it's not just for Gabe, it's about Gabe.
Some people don't have cable.
Oh, well, Logo...
Some people have to live with core TV.
So it's like Bravo?
Psychic detectives.
No, Bravo, Bravo is somehow gayer than Logo still.
I mean, honestly, fucking A.
Project Runway is like the equivalent of an all-male gangbang.
I don't know if you've ever watched this show, Project Runway.
It's gay.
It's like ten Madonna videos, all back to back is what Project Runway is, it is gay.
Every guy on that show is gay, it's gay, gay, gay-y, gay.
But since I'm gay I can say that because it's like that episode of South Park where Mr.
Garrison goes around and calls everybody a fag because he's gay, that's where I can get
away saying that too. Anyway, we should start a show. Usually we like to start the show
by playing a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, where we go around and find
out from everybody, how was your week, how was your day, because not only do we not really
talk about DER, even though we claim that's what our show's about, but the show, if you
think about what the show is really, really about at its core, it's about us and our lives.
about stoking the ego.
That's exactly right.
So, uh, DarkSakura, if your microphone will cooperate with you through this segment, how
was your week, how was your day?
Well, actually, how was the past two weeks?
That's true.
Excuse me.
I ate a burrito, and burritos make me burp.
I'm also drinking TAB.
TAB is like the ultimate drink of me.
Why the fuck are you voluntarily drinking TAB?
Because the 80s are making a comeback and not in a good way.
if I if I was on like survivor and they offered tab and a reward challenge I'd
be all fuck you I'll starve seriously I'll drink sand thank you I would
honestly rather drink ocean water that all the fish have crapped in the tap
but the tab is tabulous fantabulous you know tab backwards is bad and that's
That's exactly what it tastes like, blended bat.
Rob.
What?
Dear.
Yes.
Your analogy sucked ass.
I know.
I'm trying to compete with Loki tonight in the analogy department.
I just got an I.M. that says you're drinking tab.
Yes.
That's right.
You get her.
That's almost as bad.
What was that?
Tang or?
by the Tang or...
Did you get the astronauts took to the moon?
Notice how Tab was conspicuously left out of all three
I love the 80's series on VH1. You know why?
Because no one loved Tab. No one loved Tab at all.
I love Tab. It tastes like gross but I like it. You know what's sad is I woke up this morning...
I woke up this morning... Hey!
What about my week?
Well, we were on the tangent of I Love the 80s, so I was saying, I woke up this morning
and I was wondering, how long after it becomes, you know, 2011 will it take VH1 to make the
I Love 2000?
I was just like...
Well, we already have it.
It's that show, Best Week Ever.
I don't know if you've watched Best Week Ever, but it's basically I Love the Last Week.
It's the premise of the show.
I Love the Last Week.
But you know the drink that we need to have come back besides Crystal Pepsi and Josta?
Because Josta was the drink, and Serge...
If you say, if you say Pepsi Blue, I'm leaving the show, because I cannot stand Pepsi Blue.
It is so blue, too.
Pepsi Blue.
But Tab makes me think of Back to the Future, where he goes into the bar, into the little
diner and says, give me a tab.
You haven't ordered anything yet.
You can't have a tab.
Okay.
Then a Pepsi Free.
Look, if you're going to get, have a Pepsi, you have to pay for it.
Ha ha.
The only thing I can think of that's worse than TAB is Pepsi Blue.
Nasty.
Like, if that were the reward on Survivor, I'd swish it and spit it at the host.
This is not awful.
Pepsi Blue is god-awful.
Dr. Pepper.
Isn't it?
Doesn't the vanilla Dr. Pepper?
Ew!
Ew!
The Cherry Vanilla Dr. Pepper is the nastiest shit ever.
Okay.
I don't know when we started becoming the soft drink show, but I have to say this.
This friend of mine made the best analogy about that diet Cherry Vanilla Dr. Pepper.
It doesn't taste like cherry, and it doesn't taste like vanilla, and it really doesn't
taste like Dr. Pepper.
I don't know what that's supposed to be.
It's like all three of the flavors cancel each other out, and suddenly you've got like
TAB.
Anyway.
Raj just told me that Blue Pepsi tasted like medicine.
I would rather drink a bottle of DayQuil.
I said it looked like a toilet bowl.
I liked Blue Pepsi.
Oh my God.
Am I weird?
Go kill yourself.
Okay.
was eventful. I got to stay on a bus and go to San Francisco on a bus for my
field trip last Sunday and I just sort of played with my puppies on the way and
ignored the teacher. But he was giving us a history of different locations on the
way in San Francisco and everything and it was kind of cool. Wait a minute, wait a
minute. But we hardly got out of the bus. Hold up, hold up. The last time I went on a
a field trip. I was in the 11th grade. I did not know that they did field trips in college.
What? What? I've never... They also do camping trips for like single
credits and everything. The hell?
If you can take bowling as a sport, they have field trips.
This is for cultural geography. So we went over the different settlements and we went
by the first mission in San Francisco. And we also, though, went by... This is my favorite
place and I've always wanted to get out and go there. It's by the Exploratorium.
The Palace of Fine Art that was there since the World's Fair in 1915.
The last standing structure from the World's Fair in 1915.
And just listening to how most of San Francisco is built on landfill.
Like oh, we have an earthquake, let's just use all this crap to fill up a lake and build
houses on it. Without any real engineering, really makes me want to live in San Francisco.
Yeah, right.
Right.
Did you go to the Exploratorium also?
No, we didn't.
Oh.
We used their bathroom twice.
Oh.
I like the Exploratorium.
I do, too.
Yeah.
I liked it at the very, very back where nobody really went, and you know how you have that
big screen where if you dance in front of it, you can see yourself like a silhouette
of yourself on the screen dancing, and it changes all sorts of colors.
You know what I'm talking about?
They have a place like that in Mobile.
It's actually just called the Explorium.
Oh, really?
It's in downtown Mobile built out of, I think, the old city hall, but they have a screen
like that.
It was great.
They still have animatronic dinosaurs there too.
So on the way back on the field trip, did you guys sing songs on the bus?
Found a peanut, found a peanut, found a peanut.
Actually, no.
This is the first time in my life, normally if you go look at the Golden Gate, if it's
foggy you can still see the top of the tallest bit of it.
It was completely engulfed in fog this time.
Completely.
I took pictures. I can put them somewhere for people, I guess.
But yeah, that's what I did on Sunday. The rest of my week has just been
working school and going to the chiropractor. My
insurance paid for me one of those exercise balls.
So I've been using it.
My husband's going on South Beach next week, so I'm going back
to phase one on it with him. So you're going to be hearing me next week going,
hungry I need a burrito I'll be sitting here eating Pizza Hut mmm actually I can
eat California Pizza Kitchen Tanya because they don't bleach their flour
that's some good stuff I respect you but um but and at any rate it's like I was
so worn out that day that when we got onto the Bay Bridge to go back I opened
my eyes again in Vallejo so yeah I was pretty much dead and really the rest of
my week has just been crap well we did watch Batman Begins again and I sprained
my wrist. Wait a minute how did you sprain your wrist watching Batman Begins? I was drinking and I got up off the floor.
Christian Bale do it for you?
Well actually, in that movie, yeah.
But no, I was getting up off the floor and I pushed my hand down and hyper-extended my wrist.
Were you going to show them the bat cave?
Listeners, I'm going to give you a play-by-play of me winding up this
game from Chipotle and
throwing it at Robin, hitting him in the face.
Which I just did.
Naughty naughty boy!
I was gonna play a video game, but, uh, yeah. I wanna go eat instead.
Well, it was good.
And, um, we ended up, we were gonna watch, uh, Dan was watching The Job.
It has Dennis Leary. I hate that show, but I love Dennis Leary.
I, like, I loathe just about every character on that show.
The last thing that I liked that I loathed every character on was, like, Chicago.
But that's it.
I'm done since you've not wasted all my time talking about stuff.
You know you love it. That's what we do.
Oh, baby.
Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
Well, my week was weird, and my day was weird.
The entire week was filled up with two things, and it's really strange.
Myself playing the game The Warriors and watching the first season of Desperate Housewives.
and I don't know how those two combined but that's I don't get it dude you
actually sat through the whole first season of Desperate Housewives not
voluntarily Nellie was watching Desperate Housewives I was programming the
web page so I think in a sense I did sit through the whole you know first season
of Desperate Housewives I don't know it's I have breaking news what I just
found two dollars in my pocket congratulations that's your payment for
doing this show for the past three and a half years someone actually sent me a
dollar you know how in the intro it says give her a dollar yeah someone actually
mailed me a dollar you gave somebody your address anyway okay listening to
this show and he mailed me a dollar awesome dude we're gonna be rich doing
this program get all the listeners to send us a dollar then we'd have like
can identify with. You know, they have the four different type of women and stuff like
that. So, I don't know. It's not a bad show. It's well-written, I guess, but not exactly
something that, you know, most heterosexual males would be caught dead watching. You know,
I don't know. It had, for me, it had the same feel as, like, Dead Like Me and Wonder Falls.
You know, the same type of thing, where each show has, like, a theme to it, that type of
thing.
And if we're missing out, those two shows are great.
So, hey, that's what it... I mean, I've got the DVD set, got it for free, thank God, I didn't pay for it.
So yeah, guess what's up next? I have to watch season one of Lost now.
I really don't want to sit through that, so, but, whatever.
Anyways, um, so yeah, it's been that, working on the webpage, playing the Warriors,
and not getting to play any other games I wanted to play because, you know, the TV's being taken up.
So, what did you, um, do for the website?
I created a wonderful kick-ass shoutbox for our PSP site with a nice virtual keyboard on there and everything. It looks pretty.
Yeah, so you can go there and give us a shoutout over on OLRPSP.com, but again, that website is really for viewing on your PSP.
It'll work in a normal browser, but it looks ugly.
It doesn't look as pretty, let's put it that way.
It is still pretty, but it's prettier if you look at it on a PSP, because it's made for the PSP.
In fact, it looks better than our regular website, I gotta say.
Oh well.
That's alright, what can you do?
But yeah, that's pretty much what I've been doing this week.
Just lots of work, and trying to put some video games in there.
Play Grand Theft Auto Liberty Sea Stories for all five minutes.
It's about all the attention that I can dedicate to that game.
Is it that bad?
No, I just can't dedicate enough attention to the game.
Too busy watching Desperate Housewives?
I'm too busy doing every-
Too bad?
Like, tons of stuff.
And, I don't know.
Liberty City Stories, it's like, I don't even have time for most of the stuff on the PSP,
so, I don't know.
It'll be fun playing multiplayer, though.
Alright, I'm done.
Alright.
Uh, I guess I'll talk about my week real fast, then we'll get to our guests,
and they can talk about their week.
My week was okay. It was actually really busy, because I had an awful lot of work stuff this week, and I was even there one night until like 7 o'clock, and that's just sad.
So I haven't really gotten a chance to do a whole lot else. I did buy some new games, and I'll talk about those on this week's podcast.
Soul Calibur 3 I've been playing an awful lot of, as well as Midway Arcade Treasures 3, which Loki gave me last week.
And I started playing Taito, but I'm going to save that for the week after podcast, because I didn't get to play it really enough.
really enough so I'm gonna talk about those games and not a whole lot else
really you know I didn't do a lot for Halloween which is kind of even though
Halloween's technically tomorrow I've really done a lot for Halloween which is
kind of too bad except playing World of Warcraft and trick-or-treating inside
World of Warcraft which is really nerdy but I haven't done a whole lot for
Halloween which is sad because I remember when Halloween was cool otherwise
I hung out with some friends I went up to Chico Friday night Chico's a small
little town. You know, our show's based in Sacramento, California. Chico's a town about
90 minutes north of here, and it's one of those towns where the college pretty much
runs the town, so, you know, like the keg is the national flower and stuff in Chico.
So it was good times, though. Good times. You know, just did a little bit of drinking.
We drank butter beer, like Harry Potter. You know how they had the butter beer? We drank
butter beer. You know what they put in butter beer?
What is that?
Shnops, root beer, and vodka.
You know, when we went to the party last year, the one
that Rice Princess threw, we had the butter beer there,
and it was actually really good.
Everything there was really good,
and then I got sick and put in the hospital the next day.
But I mean, the food was great.
That's not funny.
No, no, the food didn't make me sick, though.
Oh, that's right.
Didn't we all suspect at first that Irene had poisoned you
or something?
Oh, no.
Irene's food had killed you somehow?
She killed me?
No, I didn't die, so, you know, I'm a trooper.
Little known fact about Extrofer, he had two major surgeries last year.
I did have two major surgeries last year.
Maybe he didn't want me to say that on the show, but...
Well, no, it's okay, you know, to say that.
Fine with it.
I'm over it, you know.
Extrofer's been cut up.
I have been cut up.
You know, lost a gallbladder, lost an appendix.
I'm 10% less Christopher than you saw before that.
I have room in me to stuff things.
Good.
You'll need that, like cocaine and stuff.
So is it my turn?
Yeah.
How was your week?
How was your day?
Okay.
Well, while Loki was getting in touch with his feminine side, I was doing my show on
Monday and I had a really good turnout, lots of listeners, 14 listeners, which was really
good and I enjoyed it and I can't wait to do it again tomorrow and stuff.
And also I played an ass-load of World of Warcraft this week, also I know it's almost
too sad to really talk about.
Yesterday I went to a movie, which I guess I'll get to later on in the show.
Let's just say I saw a movie with my sister.
My sister saw it too, okay?
So, you may want to look forward to my movie review later on.
It'll be spectabulous.
All right.
Like it'll be tabulous.
Like tab.
Give the microphone to Angel.
Okay.
There you go.
Angel, how was your week?
Oh, um, well, pretty good, um, had a lot of stuff to do at, uh, school and stuff like
that, but then other than that, it was, oh dear, what's going on over there?
Come on, spill it!
Jamie, Jamie allows herself to get tied up with chatting with our chatters at orange.google.com,
I really don't want to know what that is.
Did you paste that in chat?
Yes I did.
It's a birthday cake with a giant cock on it, basically.
It has piercings with a cock right here.
I'm not talking about a chicken.
You know, nice that she did that right when I have them.
It's horrible.
That's not fair!
It's balls look diseased or something.
I mean, the balls look like couches. I mean, seriously.
Anyway, Angel, please continue.
I'm sorry, Angel.
Now I forgot what I was saying. Damn it. Damn it. Okay.
Well, yeah. I had a lot of school stuff to do, but then other than that, it was pretty much
gearing up for BlizzCon, even though I didn't really go.
But I know a lot of stuff now, after the fact.
We can get to that later if you wish.
Sure.
a lot of stuff to talk about. I played a lot of World of Warcraft. I shouldn't have played
it and it was fun. All the cool kids play World of Warcraft now.
I'm going to pull an extrovert here. When we talk about World of Warcraft, you know,
the fact that we're going to be bringing it up, it might have your ears burning. And then
we'll be on a crusade later to tell you all the latest information.
I bet it was interesting to see oh wait I mean oh never mind shut up sorry I do
oh and um not that I ever talk about that other game called there but um I
kind of got nominated for like this big um council thing where like you work
with staff and there's you work with 15 other people and I get to find out
tomorrow if i'm get to be on that or not
yes so greatly so it's a council you do stuff with other people
well
yeah okay whatever
is it like the jedi council no think of like
we'll get a pointy hat and think of like student government where like you know
you
uh... after work with like the dean and
the waterworks
here it leads to there. Oh dear God. I mean the water sports camp. Okay, what can of worms did I open up?
Um, yeah, so it's just basically what, um,
you working with staff and fifteen of your other community members to
do like NDA stuff and, you know, for the game and develop things. NDA leads to
lawsuits. Oh dear God.
Someone kill Rob now!
wah ha ha ha ha
just kidding
what
i like that you're going to say that was a horrible laugh angel anyway
well that too
shut up
woo
i love how our show gets visual at some point it's a great radio gang
great radio
website again anyway
that's it
i guess
We should have had like a show or something where you know we just watch a movie and all
it is is just our reactions to it.
Like, oh my god, oh my, what'd she, what'd she do, oh my god, take that out, take that
out!
Oh my god, not in the bat cave, oh no, no, and then make all my body to jump!
Not in the back door, don't go in the back door!
oh my god she's been back toward
alright anyway
uh... i think this shows in need of a break and when we come back from this break
we're gonna talk about some actual video game related things
uh... i want to talk about Ultra Mix 3 cause there's a whole shitload of news on Ultra Mix 3
and then we're gonna talk a little bit about uh...
the burning crusade
hot
because now that we've all become world of warcraft horrors we have to dedicate a little piece of our show to that
burning high time thank you
we get it
you crazy
all right i'm going to talk about all to make three why don't we uh... started
off with a song from ultramix three that would be um... tons of fun
uh... and then they will play some ultramix to music in here as well just
kinda
you know just gotta fill it out a little bit
so we'll be back after this with more
of orange lounge radio
when your pals sky
DarkStakra and Loki.
I've been waiting for you
You see the magic of fists
Orange of the fire
Green of the moon-eats
Yellow, yellow, yellow, yellow
Baby and mild
And covered in color
With time, only one
But baby I'm alone, alone without you
I'm alone, alone without you
Blue and blue, I'm thinking of you Oh, I was a fool to let you walk away
Kissing my eyes today Makes my world the color of blue
Blue and blue, I'm thinking of you Oh, I was a fool to let you walk away
In the night I sleep in my world's color of blue
Fuckin' big ol'
Close your eyes, close your eyes and let it fly
You and I, together we can touch the sky
I was walking down the street
You came like the summer breeze
Sweeping my breath away
It doesn't happen every day
You and I together in the sky
Forever young we can never try
Close your eyes and let us fly You and I, together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes
Close your eyes, close your eyes, close your eyes and let us fly
You and I, you and I together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes and let us fly, you and I
Together we can touch the sky
Close your eyes and let us fly, you and I
We live together, we can touch the sky
We keep it rockin' baby
We keep it rockin' baby
We keep it rockin' baby
From the best part of Orange House
This media sucks!
All over the world!
We want our servers!
That's right! P.S.!
DTPO
Hi welcome back kids
We're on Orange Lounge Radio
Here again, another week
Another Sunday, another show
Our 162nd show
If you can believe it
God I'm old!
No, just kidding. Not counting the half shows
Yes, very true
That's true, that's true. We did have a couple half shows.
I'm old as far as shows. Yeah.
We've been here since, what, like show 27?
37.
37? I thought it was 27.
No. Oh, wait.
Oh well. Oh, a long time.
27. Sorry.
Um, again, ever since, you know, god, when did we start doing the podcast?
It was January this year, so it was like around 110 or so in show numbers.
No, I just, no, not that, I guess it would be sooner than that, about 120, 130.
It was when we really started getting a lot of new people.
Gee, I wonder why.
But that's cool.
No, we love the fact that people give a crap about us.
It's a very nice feeling.
Anyway, we give a crap about you, too, so we want you to have a chance to give back
to the show.
And you can do that by calling into our Skype line, which we're going to open up very soon
after we talk about the other couple topics here.
And also, we just announced this last week, so some of you guys might have missed this,
now, not only can you call in over the Skype line by calling our username at OrangeLawnsRadio,
but you can actually call us on the phone, 916-226-9067 is the OrangeLawnsRadio number,
so you'll be able to call into that very soon. So, very cool. You missed that, Jamie, that
was last week. We have an actual number now. Wow! So we can get even more people calling
in and telling us to go fuck ourselves, um, anyway, anyway, 916-226-9067, don't call yet,
we're not answering, um, let's see, we also have our chat room going on, www.orangehonortrader.com,
click on chat and you can see, um, all these folks chatting, including, um, Dirty Thief,
who keeps wanting to get me to say his name, so there you have it, I said it. Now I'd have
Now I'm going to have to go through and say everybody's name, but maybe another time.
For now, I want to talk about Ultramix 3.
Dance Dance Revolution Ultramix 3 is on its way out, and they've been taking it out on
tour.
I don't know if you guys heard about the Konami tour, but Konami's going around and touring
the nation right now, and when I say nation, I mean a couple of select states.
They already did the ones in California, but neglected to tell anybody that it was going
on in the DDR community, so none of us thought to go out, but it was in Southern California
So, we here at OLR wouldn't have been able to go, but right now, this past weekend, they
have been in Texas, and they were in Texas today, and that's the last opportunity to
catch them in Texas.
However, they're going to go to Illinois over November 4th, 5th, and 6th, and then they'll
be in Massachusetts, 11th, 12th, and 13th, and then the New York, New Jersey area, mostly
New Jersey, 18th, 19th, and 20th of November.
So if you want to check out the exact locations, we've got them posted on our site, orange
orangeonsradio.com, just look for the little story about the Mall Tour and click Read More.
Now because of the Mall Tour, people have been getting to play final builds of the game
and came back to report a song list.
And so the song list is also posted on our website, www.orangeonsradio.com.
I guess I'll go ahead and read through the song list here, where basically people have
put together, based on the song names, because what somebody did on DDR Freak is they went
to the tour and just wrote down all the names, but they neglected to write down all the artists,
so they've kind of just been piecing it together which artists go with which songs.
So we know about Akumaju Dracula Medli. This group, Blackalicious, has a song called
Alphabet Aerobics, which should be very interesting. I think I actually might have a copy of it
on my machine somewhere. I'm going to have to take a look.
Bag by Revenge, of course, from DDRXtreme. By La Lacquia Carried with When, the Johnny
and S.P.E.S.H. mix, we already knew about that one, Orifiz with Basile, No FX with Bath
of Least Resistance.
That's going to be interesting.
No FX.
That's going to be interesting.
Moby with Body Rock, B4U with Breakdown, the new Naoki song Brilliant Red, Old School with
Butterfly by Smile Decay, Candy Star by Love Unlimited, Carnival Day, which is a crossover
from Guitar Freaks, Polteri and the Fufus, Colors, Midi Head Sapphire mix by DJ Pataka.
There's two songs called Come With Me.
One of them we know is the Rain Dancer version from the v-rare, we don't know what the other
one is.
Conflict, the Turmoil Mix by the Izoic, Crazy in Love, which is the Karaoke Revolution crossover
that was also in Extreme 2, Daikonkai, also in Extreme 2, Dansa Da Yuka by Big Idea,
which I believe is on the v-rare?
I can't remember.
Delta 32 is a song by We Don't Know Who, Destiny Lovers, a song from, I think, Extreme?
I think?
It's been all the time.
Drivin' by Naoki, which was in 2DX, Emotion, there's an old school song for you, Emotion
from the club of pens, I believe, Eversnow from Max 2, Firefly by B4U, Frozen Ray, but
it says Dirty Hurts, like it's a remix of Frozen Ray by DJ Taka.
It was the one, it was the one that was on the V-Rare.
Oh, okay.
Hash the Sun by Chetanix, which is also on the V-Rare, Hateful, we don't know who, here's
There's an A-list musical group, Hey Mama, by the Black Eyed Peas.
Interesting.
I'm just glad it's not...
My Humps?
Thank God.
I'm glad they didn't pick that song.
You know, I was going to talk about my friend's funny dance to My Humps.
You know my friend Billy, right?
He got really drunk at the party and started dancing to My Humps.
My Humps, My Humps.
Maybe an Ultramix 4.
No.
on the phone, which we don't know who it's by. It sounds like Erotic, but it's not. That's
not one of their songs. Sex on the Phone is a song by them, but it's not. I Am Gothic
by Spray. Hey, that's the one we announced on Orange on the Radio like weeks ago. Imperfection,
the Taiko Brahe remix by Real Life. Real Life did the song Send Me an Angel like years and
years ago, and they still play it at like the golf clubs and stuff, so it should be
interesting to there and there. A song called Insaner by Joni and Svesh. Interesting. They
might be giants with Istanbul, not Constantinople. Cool! Which maybe we'll play, I'm going to
see which one of these songs. Maybe they just like it better that way. I have some of these
songs so we're going to try and dig them up. They might be giants. I will play Istanbul
if we can play it. What's also great about that too is one of the very first DWI sim
files that was ever out there was Istanbul NonConcept Noble, which is great.
be like a Spanish song or Latino song, like something you would see on MTV Latin or something.
Midnight Frankenstein by Stay Gold Ponyboy. Miracle Moon LED Light Style Mix, Togo Project
featuring Sana. Moment 40 by Moshik. Nari Narian, we don't know who that is. Play That
funky music, which I believe was another crossover, wasn't it?
Play That Funky Music is... No, I'm thinking Pump of the Volley. I'm sorry.
No, that's from Karaoke Revolution. Ah, that's right.
Pope Re to Orange, Rainbow Flyer by DJ Taka, Raise Your Hands by Midi Head,
Rock Lobster by the B-52s, Rocka Billy Willie, we don't know who that's by,
Sakura by Revenge, Spirit of the Hawk, we don't know who that's by,
So Many Times by Godjo, Sold It for a Song by Zonk,
uh... stake out the ultra mix get it the ultra mix by freeze pop
sunflower girl with shortcuts
super styling by group armada
the cat in the moon we don't know that's why
the legend max together and forever by captain jack rest in peace
walk this way by randy and see
well
i know but it's got to be that version right
i don't want to hear the resolving of the one where they did it teamed up with
Aerosmith.
We'll see.
What I Say by Ray Charles question mark?
Yep, it is.
It is Ray Charles.
Mitty had said that Ray Charles was going to be on.
Where's Your Head At by Basement Jax, which is a crossover from the Dancing Sage series.
Whip It by Devo.
Whip It Good.
Wonder if they'll have the video.
club mix by never aka and some crossover tracks from rumble roses and then a mystery track
by good charlotte we still catch the name of that what a weird ass song list oh and
then bye bye baby balloon as well like like you like you care about what a weird ass song
Let's get some clips of some of these songs, shall we?
I know I have Sold It For A Song by Zonk, so we're going to play a little clip of this.
This is something you're going to be hearing in DDR UltraMix 3.
Here's a little clip.
Sold it for a Song by Zonk
Having nothing I shouldn't say
There is nowhere to be found
So be for too long
Gotta sit down, sit down and write something
Told him for a song
So as to live on, on, on, on, on, on, on
Told him for a song
So as to live on, on, on
Told him for a song
the weather live on, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Wow, I have to interrupt this.
We're playing some clips from UltraMix 3.0, so I have to interrupt this to say that we
We hit our cap tonight, you guys.
We have the maximum number of people on stream that we're supposed to be able to hold right
now for what we're paying for at Live 365.
So we're going to have to pay more to fit 100 people on stuff now.
So anyway, good job, you guys.
That's where we put up the PayPal link.
I know.
Yeah, we're going to have to put up the PayPal link now.
Thank you guys for listening and making us successful.
If you are on the stream right now, don't disconnect because there are people in the
chat room that are pissed that they can't get in.
Anyway, let's go to another clip.
This is a clip of...
We've played this on the show before.
I want to play this for you guys again.
MIDI head with Raise Your Hands.
All right, let's do another clip.
This is a song by Real Life called Imperfection, which is one that we named off as going to
to be in DDR.
She loves you so much
I'm never coming down again
I'm never coming down again
I'm never coming down again
I'm never coming down
I'm your lover, love is what I like
This is my imperfection, waiting for your direction
This is my imperfection, waiting for resurrection
Alright, that was another clip of a song that's going to be UltraMix 3, Real Life with Imperfection.
I can't find Istanbul.
I know I had that song years ago, so I'm going to have to get that.
We'll play some more clips on some later shows before the game gets out.
So check it out.
What do you guys think of this UltraMix 3 song list?
I'm curious to hear your feedback.
Dark Sakura.
Not quite so generic.
It's very diverse, isn't it?
They're definitely going for a very diverse,
diverse listing, aren't they?
It is very diverse. I like the system that they're so diverse.
Freaking Ray Charles and no FX
in the same mix. That's crazy.
That's pretty cute.
What do you think, Loki?
Um, it's pretty cool. I just don't have an Xbox, so...
We don't have the 360 though, right?
Yeah, it doesn't mean it's going to work on it.
Because remember, it's only supporting about 20 games from the launch.
That might not be one of the 20.
I would figure it'd be the games that are closest to the launch, but who knows.
So I'll just have to get it and wait for it to work.
Okay.
I'm sure I'll get a copy for free.
Angel, what do you think of the Ultramix 3 songs there?
Like you said, pretty diverse. Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. We'll see what happens.
All right. I like it. I think it's just very diverse. It's going to be a great, great song list.
Very solid. Looking forward to it. Be good.
Also, one other thing I want to point out about Ultramix 3 is that also what's been revealed in the demo
demo is that they're going to have a 0.5 speed.
So it's like it's going to be able to slow down the arrows.
So those of you guys that say, max 300 is too fast.
Well, now you'll have a 0.5 modifier.
So that's going to be very interesting.
And also, if you can play bag on 0.5,
that would be very impressive.
I know it's been done like on, excuse me,
I know that that stuff's been done on like step mania
and stuff, but it's nice to see it acknowledged
like real BDR so oh yeah what arcade mix had the point five on it wasn't there
one of the boots or bootlegs or something someone the hacked extreme with
the point five speed and the wave and break that were in there hmm so you
could in a sense try doing bag on point five speed break down to the point the
the end where it's just...
You just have to memorize the arrows, basically.
Pretty much, yeah.
Looks like a big clusterfuck of arrows would be no fun.
Exactly.
Alright.
Alright, well, I think what we'll do now is we'll go ahead and open up the Skype line
and take your calls, because we want to know what you guys have to say, and your thoughts
on what's going on.
And we're already getting a call, so why not?
Let's go for it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, what's up?
It's Ronma.
Hey, Ronma, how are you?
Ronma!
What?
What?
What?
Yeah, this is the ultimate test of the message line, so I'm currently on the road as we speak.
You're currently on the road?
Yeah, I'm coming back to my niece's house.
I'm on the bus heading back home.
Oh, right on.
You know what?
You might have trouble getting in when you get home because we hit our cap tonight.
It's crazy.
We've got all these new listeners tonight, so we're happy, but very too bad that you
might not be able to get in when you get home when I get home somebody in the
chat room is actually taping the show so I definitely get a copy yeah I heard
about our bootleggers we got going on so that's cool we we do it it's flattering
who said hey I call it syndication underground okay it's all good it's all
good just we can't we're officially support it because of the license music
issue but yeah
underground cool
uh...
anyway all
i think part of that i want to know
happy halloween what are you doing really
i will go to hang out
tomorrow just in our total character that's going to enter not parading
downtown manhattan
no it's cool it might be our i'm going to act like tomorrow
their feathery
I'm gonna go around reaping my fellow co-workers
And last night we had a Halloween party out in Queens and let's just say everybody got trashed and
Let's just say it blows down to this. Whatever happens on Halloween parties stays at a Halloween party
You have to beat it to understand
One of those things well
Um, we gotta kinda keep it short tonight, because we've got a ton of people trying to get in, but, uh, anything else you want to say?
You got it.
That's it, and the message line works great, especially when you're out on the road.
All right, sounds good.
All right, you guys take care.
All right, take care, bud. Later.
You got it. Bye.
And when he talks about our new message line, of course he's talking about the phone number that you can call in as well.
916-226-9067 if you want to get through, or you can also give us a call on the old Skype line.
Let's go to another call.
I'm gonna pick up this one.
Hi, you're on Orange
It's Nintendo Maniac 64.
Hi Nintendo Maniac 64, why are you pissed?
Because I can't get into the radio station.
You know, you're in the...
The stupid...
I don't know what to say, we've never been in this situation before.
We've been on the air... No, one other time we were in this situation.
We've been on the air for three and a half years now.
Literally, three and a half years.
And we've only one other time been this popular.
And the only reason we had so many people trying to get in that episode
was because we were playing a brand new Akira Yamaoka song before anybody.
It was a brand new DDR Akira Yamaoka song.
It was the URAIN mix in DDR Extreme.
We played it first, like months before the game came out,
and that's the only other time we ever hit our cap.
So this is very odd for us,
that we're just here doing our normal thing,
and we're so popular.
So we really appreciate the support, of course, but it's kind of crazy, so.
People get pissed.
What, buddy? You're breaking up a little bit.
People get pissed.
Yeah, I'm sorry, we're going to look at what we can do about increasing the cap so we can
get more listeners in during the show, but for tonight, you guys are a little bit screwed,
but you know what, go into our chat room at orangelunch.com and click on chat, and there's
people that can help you catch up on what you missed, so to speak, if you know what
I mean.
Yeah.
Wink, wink, nudge, nudge.
Yeah.
All right.
Anything you want to say, gaming related or related to the show?
Yeah, uh, you said you got Midway Arcade Treasures 3?
Uh, run that by me one more time? You broke up a little bit there?
You said you got Midway Arcade Treasures 3?
Yes, I got Midway Arcade Treasures 3.
Cool, I've been trying, like, forever to get that game.
Really? It's not- I- I got it thanks to Loki, so I didn't try to go out and buy it in the store or anything, so...
I guess I got kinda lucky.
Well, not like... I'm not trying to drive, but I mean, like, as soon as I can't drive, yeah, it's so, like...
Ah, so you can take out your aggressions on Arcade Treasures 3, then, since you can't drive.
Hello?
I think we're breaking up, buddy. I think we're breaking up, buddy, so I'm gonna go ahead and let you go for now.
But thanks for listening, and keep trying to get back in, all right?
Okay.
He's a Midway arcade treasures 3 of course is the eight
Driving games kind of all put in one game
Classics like hydro thunder and stun runner and my favorite iron man off-road with the track pack as well
Which I think is awesome, so anyway let's go to another call. Let's go to
This one hi you're on orange on radio
Hello you're on orange on radio
Hello. Hello. Hi.
Hi, who's this? This is Roz again. Hi Roz, how are you?
Hi Roz! Hi. What's up?
Actually I feel really damn great because I had my
first ever Red Bull today.
She had her first Red Bull today. Oh shit.
I remember the first time I drank a Red Bull. It was because I
staying up really late and I'd been up since like six in the morning and I was
trying to stay out to go clubbing and I just it was like I was drunk but not
not really it's a different sensation than being drunk but but Red Bull is the
color of pee it is it really it looks a lot like it it's why it's in a can not a
clear bottle so why are you drinking Red Bull tonight are you just drinking it
for recreational purposes, or?
Well, I had never had one before.
And I was going to get bottled water,
but they were out of it for some reason,
at the little store place I was at.
So the other thing that they had that was cold was Red Bull.
So I just picked one out and decided to drink it today.
I feel great.
You kind of sound like you're really happy.
I'm just messing with you.
That's great.
Damn it.
The red bill gives you wings because it makes you freaking high.
Yeah, exactly.
So anything you want to share about what you've been hearing on the show so far?
Anything going on in your video game world?
Um...
Rosling to be the Katamari cake.
Oh yeah, the Katamari cake. Dude, what is up with all these cakes you guys are
looking at tonight in chat? So there was the cake with the giant penis on it,
And now there's the cake that's a katamari, the little prince of the cosmos pushing around
the katamari.
That's awesome.
I want a cake like that for my birthday.
Yeah, like two years ago I had a kirby cake.
Oh, that's so cute.
What was kirby doing on the kirby cake?
He was just kind of being there.
Just chilling out saying, hey, I'm a cake.
In the fridge.
And I couldn't look in the fridge for like two days because it was supposed to be a surprise.
Okay.
Yeah, so I would be like making eggs and I'd have to shut my eyes and I'd end up like sticking my hand in mashed potatoes or something.
What flavor was Kirby when you ate him?
Strawberry.
Awesome. That's a very Kirby flavor.
Kirby is strawberry.
Delicious.
Well, Roz, we're going to go ahead and let you go so we can get to another caller, but thanks so much for calling in and sharing the Kirby cake love with us.
And enjoy that Red Bull, but please, don't drink and drive.
Alright?
Okay.
Have a good one.
Bye.
Oh, I also want to say, Roz, Roz, wait.
Actually, it's Hockwell.
Wait.
Liquor was here.
Roz, I just want to say real quick, one more thing.
Do you drink liquor at all, ever?
No.
OK.
Because I was going to say, if you ever
want to try something really crazy, mix your Red Bull
with vodka.
Good stuff.
Good stuff.
All right.
Oh, I've got a bottle of absolute downstairs.
Because vodka numbs the taste buds
make you not taste the pea flavor of Red Bull I don't I don't want to be
responsible for starting someone's drinking career so you stay away from
the absolute for tonight all right take care bye bye let's go to another call
hi you're on Orange Lounge radio hey hey who's this this is a Xander from Florida
again hi Xander from Florida aren't you one of our listeners who shut out right
now?
Yes.
Oh, I'm so sorry to hear it, but I don't know what to tell you.
This is crazy.
I've never seen this happen on Orange Lounge.
Did somebody hear that we were giving away a million dollars or something?
I don't know why.
They knew that I was back.
That's what I've been telling people to get them to listen.
So I don't know.
Maybe that's the problem.
No.
We're going to do something about it.
We're just going to have to pony up the extra money to double our cap.
But that will involve probably all of us having to get a second job, so no, I'm kidding.
We're going to do something about it.
We just can't do it tonight, so to speak, so you guys are kind of locked out tonight.
So we're just surprised, because we have not been in danger of hitting our cap.
But little known fact, or well, maybe not so little, but our podcast was actually featured
on Yahoo this week.
So I think because of that, if you go to podcast.yahoo.com, you see a little picture of our podcast.
So I think that, in turn, created more podcast downloads, which, in turn, have created more
show listeners.
We're very happy that folks are tuning in to listen to the madness, but it's kind of
crazy at the same time.
Well, Xander, since you're not able to listen to the show, is there anything you want to
tell our listeners?
No, I can't think of anything right now.
I know I had something before.
I always lose it whenever I call you guys.
It's the pressures of being on air that make you forget things, huh?
So if you ever wonder why we don't ever talk about video games on the live show, it's the
pressures of being on air.
We completely forget about games.
We do.
All right, Xander, well, thanks for the call.
Have a good one, okay?
And I hope you get in.
Okay.
All right.
Keep trying.
Later.
All right.
Thank you, Xander, for calling.
Okay, we're actually going to shut off the Skyplane just for a little bit and go to an
actual break.
We are going to come back, so if you haven't gotten through just yet, don't cry and scream
Alright, we're going to do some DDR music in this break, and, um, oh yes, uh, Dark Soccer wanted to hear some You're Not Here, which was a song in DDR.
Yeah, that's one of those songs with that belt-out outfit in my car when no one's in there with me.
Oh, I want to hear your lovely singing voice sometime.
Um, you won't because I don't have one.
Fine. We'll be back after this, uh, with more Orange Lounge Radio, and your calls, and, oh, we'll, okay, we'll get the employer request soon.
for watching, and I'll see you in the next video.
You hadn't let me
I'd be fine on my own, baby
Never felt so lonely then you
Came along
So now what should I do?
I'm strong out, I did it to you
My body aches, now that you're gone
My supply fell through
And they gave me everything you had and more
He craves my happiness
When you make me feel joy in me
Just smile, but now I feel your stress
Love was never meant to be such a crazy affair, no
And who has time but you?
Never fall, I sit around and forever you love
talking to you now
Can you be your fantasy?
Audit let's XC
Look at what you see in your face The mirror of a dream
Make believe I'm everywhere Living in your eyes
Living in your eyes
Return on the page
It's the end of the world
Never ending
Slowly
Never ending
Glory, ah
Life is a secret when I fall behind the clouds
There is once a rainbow
The answer to my never-ending song
And I'll never be lost
Never in my life
Love, our truth
This is what I prove
Between me and you
Oh, oh
Love or truth, which I want you to choose
Is for me and you
Oh, oh, oh
Baby, don't you think we're the kind of love
I wanna get
We wanna, wanna be, wanna be
But I'm gonna die, you're my body
Don't get me in your way
Baby, don't you wish to be
Gonna die the other day
You know the way you and I gotta be
You know the way you and I gotta be
Alright, so typically this is the part of the show where we come back on air, however,
Due to popular demand from our chat room, we are going to do one more song, and it's
a brand new song from DER Ultramix 3.
We're going to play this full song because it just rocks that much.
Enjoy.
It has a quiet opening, but trust me, this song is playing.
It's Istanbul, it's Constantinople Now it's Istanbul, not Constantinople
Been a long time gone, it's Constantinople Now it's Thursday night, on a moonlit night
Every gal in Constantinople lives in Istanbul Now it's Constantinople, so do you that they
live in Constantinople Shall we wait again in Istanbul?
Even old New York was once New Amsterdam Why they changed it, I can't say
People just liked it better that way So take me back to Constantinople
No, you can't go back to Constantinople, been a long time gone
Constantinople, why did Constantinople get the works?
That's cool, but it's just about the terse
Istanbul
Istanbul, even old New York Was once New Amsterdam
Why they changed it, I can't say You just liked it better that way
It's Istanbul with Constantinople Now it's Istanbul with Constantinople
They're a long time gone in Constantinople Why did Constantinople get the works?
That's so much as it's by the Turks
So take me back to Constantinople No you can't go back to Constantinople
It's been a long time gone, Constantinople, why did Constantinople get the works?
That's nobody's business but the Turks
Istanbul
to worry about.
Loki?
What's up?
What's on your mind?
Nothing.
I have a figure I'll save it for after the cage match in my normal segment, which I covered
the SimNews.
Is there actually going to be SimNews tonight, or are you just going to go in there and-
Of course!
Did you know that DDR Mania X actually came back?
Did they?
I didn't know that.
Apparently, they've been up for a while now, and-
Can I- I have a confession to make.
I don't- no, no, no.
I don't want to offend anybody when I say this.
I don't really visit any Bahmani sites besides DDR freakin' Orange Lounge.
I really don't.
Bemani style once in a great while, I kind of lurk just to kind of see what the goings ons are
and I think I've done the same on air in Japan, but on a regular basis, I only visit DDR Freakin' Orange Lounge.
I don't really surf the other sites.
And it's not that they're bad sites, it's just I don't have time.
Yes it is.
We will have, hopefully, if everything works out, and I will go into this later,
we will have more stuff in our download section for our PSP site.
I just want to interrupt with one thing. A haiku.
Go for it.
I'm going to, I figured that I would start, you know, giving our listeners a little bit
of culture.
Since the Your Mama Joke of the Week kind of faded out, we're going to change that now
to the Haiku of the Week?
Yeah.
Okay, so we're going to have the Haiku of the Week.
Do you want some background music for your Haiku of the Week?
No.
Okay.
After this one.
Okay.
Today's Haiku is a summarization of Gulliver's Towels by Jonathan Swift.
Thus I was first great, then small, and much vexed to learn that size does matter.
Interesting.
You know, if you ever run out of advice columns, you should just have the haiku of the week
on the podcast.
Something.
The Kama Sutra.
Advice for those in a difficult position.
to be flexible.
Speaking of the Kama Sutra, let's talk about the Burning Crusade. Things you don't want
after practicing the Kama Sutra. You don't want a Burning Crusade. Angel, you're one
of our resident World of Warcraft whores. Who's got the highest level? What's your highest
level? Me. DarkSakura? Seven. And Loki, you don't play that bullshit. My highest level
all know. And I never really got into Warcraft 3 or Warcraft 2. I played a lot of Warcraft
2, actually, but I was really fucking bad at it. Like, when I say really fucking bad,
I mean really fucking bad at Warcraft. I did not have the brain capacity to handle so many
things going on at once. Yeah, all of Warcraft is not a problem for me.
Oh, man. I can't even explain it. I mean, I know there's a lot out there, you know,
City of Heroes and now soon City of Villains and Final Fantasy XI and just, you know, there's
There's a lot out there, EQ2, yeah, but it was a workout for me, wow, it's just, no pun
intended.
Yeah, all right, that's cool.
So what's up?
What's going to happen with this new expansion?
Oh, so much.
We're going to have what's called rideable mounts, which currently they have mounts for
each race.
When you hit 40, you can, you know, save up all your money and go train on riding and
then go get your mount so that you can, like, be all cool and ride all fast around the lands
rather than walking, because, well, we all know walking sucks.
Yeah, walking sucks.
And flying those birds takes forever sometimes, too.
Yes, flying those birds can take forever and they can be expensive depending on where you
need to go, so that's cool.
They're going to have flyable mounts now in the new expansion.
There's also going to be a lot of areas you need to explore and stuff like that.
They're raising the level cap from 60 to 70, which will enable us to go beyond the dark
portal.
If you guys remember Warcraft 2 expansion, beyond the dark portal, quote unquote, and
then, you know, Warcraft 3 and then so we're going to be able to go through the portal
and i believe one of the um...
things that you can do
when you go beyond the dark portal
is um... if you're a hoard you get to fight the final battle with thrall and try
to save him and like all the stuff so
that's going to be neat um... socketable items if you guys have played
uh...
diablo 2
yeah that's going to be kind of neat
uh... there's just going to be
so much i
I mean that's just, you know, the tip of the iceberg.
Uh... new race
for the Horde is going to be Blood Elves.
Um... I do not know what the alliance is going to get, but...
Ah, well, it's rumored it's going to be Pandaren, so...
Pandaren.
Pandaren.
But, yeah, so...
Uh... yeah.
I don't know, am I forgetting something, Mr. Rob?
I think you hit on most of the big points about what's going on with the expansion.
The rumored Pandarian would be so cool if that really happens.
I think you hit on most of the other big stuff.
There's going to be a new profession like alchemy and stuff to go along with the socketed
items.
You could be a jewel master.
Yeah, I can't really think of anything else.
I probably did forget something or whatever along the way, but...
Now, there's more information all over the internet, obviously, so take a look.
Yeah, it's all over the internet now, but as it was coming out this weekend, I knew about a lot of it, so as it was coming out...
Were you on the cell phone with somebody at the car or something?
Actually, as you know, I'm kind of heavily watching another radio station that's heavily, heavily into World of Warcraft, and that's all they do on the station.
You can plug them, I don't care.
Oh, wcradio.com.
Okay.
Well, you know that.
you know i'm all about supporting the independent radio i just don't like i'm
not here and plug in you know
no matter what one of the heads up and they'll find them not not no no my my
number one will always be orange listeria obviously right now
yes so
and no i think i pretty much hit everything
uh... new instances in
all that stuff to show
a is a lot to look forward to good times
looking forward to it
all right uh... we go back over the skype line in taking your call so if
you do in a call in the show you can do that
by uh... going over to our skype line at www.orangelaunchradio.com and clicking on
interact with us for more information or you can always call us the old-fashioned way and
that is uh... via the telephone
916-226-9067
let's go to our first call, hi you're on Orange Launch Radio
Hi Separop1215
Hey Separop1215 what's on your mind?
uh... actually a lot of stuff today
first of all to start off I'd like to say the uh...
Ultramax 3
list so far sounds pretty interesting and it's it's not that they give
nami of hawaii a big budget now
it is kind of weird like i had this all these songs from so many random
different places but
i don't know i strangely dig it there's really is something for everyone i mean
i know they've said that about previous tdr mixes
that later something for everyone that no seriously guys this time something
for everyone like even like ray charles
no affects come on that
That's tapping into audiences that never would have looked twice at DDR before, so that's
something else.
Yeah.
But otherwise, something you haven't really talked about is the recent release of DDR
Mario Mix here.
I kind of glossed over DDR Mario Mix because I haven't picked up my copy yet, because I
bought Soul Calibur 3 instead this week, which should show you where I'm at DDR-wise.
Plus, you know, I just... it doesn't seem like something that's that difficult, but
I don't know, what do you think?
Did you pick it up?
Uh, technically, I did, but I got it for free, so...
Okay, okay.
Oh, did you, like, win one of those tournaments or something?
Uh, yeah, only three people showed up, and two of which were my friends.
Good job, good job anyway.
Yeah, so I just got it for free, and I unlocked pretty much everything just last night, and
it was totally heavy.
cool or was it all Mario stuff and and classical tunes being redone? Yeah it's
it's okay the song is okay. What I think is interesting is the way they did it of
how it's just like a Mario game where you go through different worlds and go
through the levels in the worlds. Really? Yeah but otherwise it's I think
it's really good that I got it for free because I wouldn't really pay for it
unless it was maybe cheaper.
Yeah, it's a little too much money for me right now, too. Don't they want, like, 60 bucks for it with the pad and everything?
Yeah, but I actually think that soft pad is really nice. It has more padding in the middle.
The pads have been getting progressively nicer through various CDR mixes, because we had the one for, you know, the original one, which is okay.
And there was actually the old old Konami mat for the Dreamcast that had that funny layer of plastic over the mat.
That's right, you had these mats. They were like some of the first mats I ever played on.
I had the Dreamcast ones that were the triple thicky thing, and now they slide apart.
Yeah. But then... They're not as good as one thinks they are.
And then the Xbox ones were really good, and now the GameCube ones. So they've had a lot of time to get it right.
So. Yeah. So far, I think those are the best soft pads, but I have a metal pad anyway, so...
whatever. I don't care. Do you think there's enough here for DDR fans to be happy?
If you're a fan of Mario, yeah. But I mean, you can't even play the hardest level unless you beat the song on Very Hard, very much like Disney Mix.
Okay.
Which, all right, it's annoying, but Very Hard is just like an easy standard.
I was going to say, isn't Very Hard like Five and Sixes anyway?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So Mario...
randomized.
Go ahead.
It's all right, it's all right.
Mario Mix is kind of one of those games that's going to be more for kids, people that just
are obsessed with Nintendo, like ultimate Nintendo fanboys and stuff, or you know, people
that like the GameCube or only have a GameCube or like the GameCube things.
I think most of the hardcore DDR people are going to find their game somewhere else.
It's definitely a good mix to start out with for somebody who hasn't played yet though.
Oh, that's cool.
It's definitely good.
They need that too.
Alright, well Sephiroth1215, I'll let you have your final words, then we're going to let you go, try to get another call.
Alright, last thing I wanted to say, which I can't confirm or anything, I just heard around, is that the Xbox 360 is, you can't get the premiums in first come, first serve stores.
stores. I hope that's a lot of bullshit, because if it is not bullshit and that leads out to
be true, I'm going to be one pissed motherfucker. I'm going to be one pissed motherfucker. I
should not have to reserve that crap. I can't be sure of that, though. Where did you hear
it, though? Did you hear it at a store that does reservations? Yeah, first I heard it
online in Game Facts, which I'm like, whatever, I don't really believe you. Then I went to
a store, and they said, yeah, we're not allowed to take any cores, because they're sending
all the cores out to the stores and we're getting all the premiums, trying to get all
the pre-orders up.
I have this weird feeling, I hope it's not true or I'm going to be pissed. I cannot imagine
a huge chain like Best Buy that they would screw over somebody like Best Buy or Toys
R Us with that. I don't know, maybe we'll call Microsoft on the podcast or something
if it wasn't so late on a Sunday night they were open. I swear we'd call somebody and
try to figure it out. I have a feeling it's false, but we'll see. If it does turn out
to be true, I'm gonna be pissed. Yeah, you can still reserve it, but I don't think you're
guaranteed it until next year sometimes. What a crap. What a bunch of crap. I will get one
launch day, just you wait. We'll see. Or I might come back on this show and say, fuck
Microsoft, I hate them. Alright. I'm gonna let you go now, bud, okay? Okay. Alright,
take care, have a good one. Alright. Later. Okay, we're gonna do one more call, and then
We're going to have to go over to the cage match, and then we might do some more calls
later.
But first, one more.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Obviously, you already know who this is.
Hey, Zaku, what's on your mind?
I'm posting up a link right now that pretty much might be of your interest.
Some of you might hate it, some of you might say, what the fuck am I doing?
But here we go.
It's from CDR's Week in New York forums, but I think you'll see what I'm trying to tell you.
Okay, so give us a description of it while it loads on the computers here.
Alright, basically, MTV wants New York City TDR players.
Don't know why, but this dude who was probably recruited by them is seeking our kind.
Hmm, okay, so if you live in the New York area, let's see.
New York City, sorry, New York City.
Somebody was recently contacted by MTV direct effects casting director to
film an episode based on video gaming culture.
They have to round up fifty to sixty gamers from New York City that are unique, outgoing,
who basically break the stereotype
of the anti-social gamer geek. Hey, too bad they're on the
east coast. We'd have
something fun for them here in California.
As you can see in the thread, I've already signed up as well as several other prominent players.
They already called me back that same day, and MTV is supposed to be calling me soon
about the interview date.
Awesome.
We'll drop our name a whole bunch, all right?
We'll see.
I'm just messing with you.
Have fun with it.
Have fun with it.
That's great news.
Yeah, that's basically what they want.
They want sociable and outgoing people to just break that stereotype, which is basically
what we are in a nutshell.
As far as UltraMix III songs go, freestylers are fine, that's all you need to know.
If we were able a couple of weeks ago to hook up a PS2 to a DDR machine and use it as such,
we could probably do the same thing for an Xbox and pour out the songs for freestyle
routines.
Oh yeah, it's going to be great for freestyle people, so it's got such a solid song list.
If we could get it, that's if we could, you know, hook up an Xbox to a DER machine in
about a year.
You never know.
You never know.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, okay.
Well, good luck with the MTV thing, and you know, I don't really watch MTV, but I'll make
an exception.
If you get on it, I'll TiVo it or something.
I just, yeah, I just hope, I just hope I get in.
All right.
Yeah, it was probably in a few weeks anyway, so as I said, watch out, I might be on TV.
If I am, just, you know, you'll probably mention it on Sunday.
Maybe. We might. No, I'm kidding. We would. We would.
Well, good luck with that, and, you know, again, name drop a lot. Orange Lounge. Love it. No, I'm just kidding.
Have a good one, all right?
Got an open one?
I gotta let you go so we can get more calls.
All right, bye.
Later.
He's going to be on the TV.
You know, some of us are going to be on the TV.
I'm not going to be on the TV, but some of us are going to be on the TV here locally.
Next week, on the 8th, doing a Guitar Hero review on one of the stations here in Sacramento.
All right.
Actually looking at the time, I think what we're going to do is actually go into this
nice cage match.
We need to get into that or we're going to run out of time.
So let's go ahead and get it started.
the Orange Lounge Radio cage match.
The way the cage match works, you have to be in our chat room.
If you want to participate, www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on Chat.
And the way the cage match works, we're going to play three songs for you guys.
Each host picks a song, and you guys are going to vote for your favorite.
And the winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Flamani
and Video Game Music program, which plays 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on this station.
number one tonight is going for its fourth week win. If it wins tonight, it
will be retired. It will be only the, I think, fifth song to be retired out of
Orange Lawn Radio's cage match in this couple years we've been doing this. So
here it is. It's song number four. It wasn't even really picked by one of us. I
mean, I put it in, but I put it in on behalf of Miklotov, so just kind of
interesting the way that works out. So this would be the first song that we get
retired that was not even put in by one of us so be very interesting to see what
happens so here it is it's song number one going for its fourth win in a row
So will it be retired? It's up to you. Pendulum withholds your color.
So can't figure out how to cut the castle open
They take everything away
And those who cares, they can't do all of that
They take everything away
You look into your eyes, and so I lay her knee
Don't try to save yourself, Mr. Hall is gonna reach
We're not reaching out and to see you
Nothing else can touch me
So can't find the hope
Who comes against the road
When they take everything away
All right, let's get to it.
Alright, let's get into song number two tonight.
Song number two is Dark Sakura's Pick.
Dark Sakura, what did you pick for us?
Um, it's...
Here, use mine.
It's OG Bitch.
OG Bitch by Estero.
Huh?
Remixed.
Any particular reason you picked a song called OG Bitch?
I just like Estero.
Alright, here it is, song number two, Estero.
It dethroned pendulum. We'll see a sterile with og bitch the orange factory mix. So how appropriate we back up this
You're just waiting for me to drown, So no one knows that you stole my whole sound,
And yet you're grinning when I come around, So no one knows that you stole my whole sound,
And yet you're grinning when I come around,
I know, I know you love me, yeah, yeah I know, I know you love me, yeah, yeah
Alright, uttering her first words on the new microphone, Dark Sakura will let us know how
she liked OG Bitch.
Nine.
It's a nine from Dark Sakura.
Yeah, I think it went through.
Dark Sakura, give us a sentence.
I like Doritos.
p0k3smot42o
p0k3smot42o
because I had a cool beat to it. Like, I liked the remix. I'm not so sure I was up on the
singing, because the singing kind of had this kind of weird thing to it, but it was cool.
I mean, it's the song I could see myself getting down at the club, OG clubbing, so I give it
an 8. That's pretty good.
Extifer, what did you think?
Um, she didn't sound like a gangsta, but I will give it a 5, because I don't know what
to think. I'm purely in the middle on that one.
Angel. I liked the beat to it, it was pretty neat. Um, six.
Alright. Song number three tonight, going up against Estro and Pendulum is...
Loki, what you put in?
You know, this is just one of those weeks where I had nothing really to put in.
So this song will go out to Captain Jack being dead and all, but um, this is actually, I think out of all the songs I've listened to him,
best thumbs up, you know, kind of the mood with him being, you know, dead and everything.
But, um, it's also really strange. It's a really strange song. I'm saying all votes go to Pendulum
because that's a fucking awesome song, but here you go. It's something to fill up.
I don't know, you're going for the sympathy vote tonight.
I'm not even hoping to get any votes, but, you know, because the song I want to put in was too long
and I didn't want to cut it down, so, anyway.
Let's see. Song number three, going out to the man, Captain Jack. It's Captain Jack with Back Home. Enjoy.
The captain wants to be back home And the captain fights against the storm
He's always true to gifts He always wants to live and be back home
It was a lonely night with a pack full of dreams
Miles away from home, I felt cold and at ease
As if I was the only human being on Earth I thought about the soldiers and the peace
can't spare Couldn't stop thinking about my company
About coming home, life and history How everything started with Captain Jack
When will I meet you?
When will I be back?
Try, try hard, get the best you can So never stop fighting for the peace in your land
Come together and see the light All for one, like a stick of dynamite
The captain wants to be back home And the captain fights against the storm
He always wants to live and be back home
After hours and hours of marching through the land
There was something in the air, velvet flower in my hand
The grass was green and the moon shined bright
Remembered that night when she held me tight
I went down to the river to the water bottle
Took hours long for my belly for the crazy couple
One morning came and I reached the can
I took a break and laid down in the warm white sand
So try, try hard and get the best you can
Never stop fighting for the peace in our land
Come together and see the light
All for one like a stick of dynamite
The captain wants to be back home
And the captain fights against the storm
Fight against
His own ways to the game
He always wants to live and be back home
The captain wants to be back home
And the captain is feeling all alone
He's always true to me
He always wants to live and be back home
Tack, tack, tack, never looking back
Come and fight for Captain Jack
Say it slow, but say it loud
Join the peace camp and you'll be proud
Jump and walk, train and talk
Move your body, you're not a piece of talk
Scream and shout, call out my name
It's Captain Jess, straight back again
The Captain wants to be back home
And the Captain fights against us all
He fights against us all
He's always true to give
He always wants to live and be back home
Ooh-ooh
The Captain wants to be back home
And the captain is feeling all alone He's always true to give He always wants to live and be back home
The captain wants to be back home And the captain fights against the storm
He's always trying to get He always wants to live and be back home
The captain wants to be back home
And the captain is feeling all alone
He's always trying to get
Your place wants to never be that old
Song number three in tonight's case match, Captain Jack with Back Home, the captain's
remix.
Dark Sakura, what did you think of that tribute that Loki picked there for Captain Jack?
I'm presently bleeding out of my ear from brain hemorrhage.
Careful, I think that's what Captain Jack died of.
I know, this one gets two.
A two from Dark Sakura? Loki!
You know, I don't know, it just
is a weird song. I think the song, like, was okay until he started
doing his, like, rapping or whatever that is.
Um, it gets, like, a seven
for the mindbase who's been dead. Actually, I have to, I have to say, his rapping reminded me of, like,
new edition in ronie
with like bobby brown trying to rap
kinda
i don't know, like i said, throw away songs to where
uh... you know what song that was? you know that song kinda reminded me of something else?
i like that song. and that song sucked too. i like it. sorry, you know what?
captain jack was the man
but he needs to stick to barking orders
because that's what i want to pay attention i don't like
i don't like and picked anything i don't like that
but i don't like that with the captain jack in that time i like that sorry
but i think that he brought a record and yes sir yes sir yes sir
i will party down right now
there is a song that's actually on the theme cd that it's called uh...
highland was called after yesterday
it's not like that and it's about like captain jack
I'm gonna beat down the soldiers if they don't listen to him.
There you go. That's the Captain Jack I like. I don't like this Captain Jack wah wah wah. I'm going home wah wah.
All right, anyway, Extrovert, what did you think? Oh, I give it a 2 plus 1 is 3.
Extrovert, what did you think?
That's the kind of song that I'd like to listen at the stroke of 1130 when I'm about to go to sleep at night.
Suddenly I'll wake up, you know, in the hospital surrounded by my hot bitches as I'm flipping
into my coma.
Wait, hold on, I need to check with the judges.
Judges, are we allowed to be insensitive after only a week?
I don't know.
Is that politically correct?
Yes.
I was never really sensitive to begin with, so I'm kind of...
Please try not to piss off the listeners.
Hi, listeners.
I will give it an 8, because I think that this song should win over the pendulum song that has been, like, winning.
Don't forget about the OG bitch!
Um, no, I don't know. She didn't sound like a gangsta.
That's a whole... I'm not... I'm all for...
But Captain Jack is an OG bitch.
I'm all for the true Compton gangstas, okay?
I like Compton gangstas, not Mexican Latina gangstas.
Alright, Angel, what did you think?
It kind of reminded me of like the 80's, like, not so much love song stuff, but like, I don't know, like R&B love song type, I don't know.
The crappy songs, Angel.
Yeah, that'll work.
Oh, I'll be nice, I guess. Give it a 6.
All right, let's recap. It's not up to us, it's up to you. You folks in chatroom, get
your say. The three songs you can vote for tonight. Song number one, Pendulum, hold your
color. And song number two you can vote for tonight is Estero with OG Bitch, the Orange
factory mix.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Captain Jack with
Back Home.
After hours and hours of listening to that song, my brain is hemorrhaging all night.
those who didn't know it, um, WOOOOO! Sorry, I'm just really excited. Okay. Well, what's
cool about that is there's more sim stuff it seems like on DDR Maniacs than there was
on Bomani's style. A lot more stuff that's going into like theme development and stuff
like that. Plus you can get downloadable characters for Cloud and Tifa. Whoopsie-doo. Um, anyways,
um, the big thing that I was looking for, and trying to find a link, um, to, but unfortunately
the pages down right now is, for the PSP, it's Beatmania BMS Player and DDR BMS Player.
And these are both for the PSP. They have a video or sort of a little animation on their
site right now showing the DDR one in action with full background videos and it looks pretty
cool so far. Unfortunately, all the links are down for it right now. And the Beatmania
one is available right now. I tried downloading it to my PSP, but I can't get it to play anything,
so both of these are still a work in progress right now. Anyways, if you're interested in
the link, I will post it in the chat room. Sweet. Is that it? That's pretty much it for
now. Other than that, Bill Mice still is back up too. Are they still begging for money?
me?
I'm sure.
Okay.
No.
No.
They're putting up more media stuff right now, like Simphile stuff.
Good times.
Time.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh.
I forgot to check and see if they had more Simphiles up there for MaxRemix.
Oh.
Goody.
Just what the world needs, more MaxRemixes.
I don't think that their Simphiles are up quite yet, but I'm sure that pretty soon they
will be.
I know that actually you can go on ddrmaniax.net.
They have a build in progress right now for StepMania 4, which is almost done.
So that should be pretty cool.
But yeah, Simfile database, not too much right now for that, but I'm thinking though, I mean
they've already got some Rave songs in there and I'm sure there'll be Max remixes in here
pretty soon.
Hey wait a minute, I thought that Mindstyle was gonna have this whole new look when it
came back.
It looks the same.
Well, apparently not. Apparently they lied to us, much like they lied to me when I donated money and said I was going to get special access to an FTP site that never happened.
Okay.
So that's why I never donate to them.
Just curious.
Oh, oh, here we go. Rave Unlimited. There you go. Max Unlimited remix. Okay.
Ooh, just what the world needs.
Alright, now we're going to get to the part of the show where we ask our buddy Xtopher
to come on and tell us about the movies.
Did you see a movie this week?
I did see a movie this week.
Alright, then you know it's time for Xtopher's Movie Review.
The Captain, the Captain.
I just wanted to go, like, stop it.
Stop playing that song.
Stop it.
Okay, so what did you see this week?
Okay, so I saw Saw 2 and it was bloody. If you like blood and if you like to be scared,
then Saw 2 is the movie to see. I really was scared. I was genuinely scared at this movie.
I'm easily scared though at films, so I mean just don't take that from me.
I mean you may want to take a look at the reviews on RottenTomato.com.
got like really horrible reviews. I don't know, I've never seen Saw 1, so I've never
I never saw that, although I want to see Saw for Christmas. But no, it was really cool.
My sister saw the first one, and she had filled me in on most of the first one before we saw
the film but i didn't expect the beginning i just didn't like my mouth
was open i was just like i was horrified it was it was really scary to me
but um again i'm i'm kind of a pussy when it comes to scary movies rob you
should know that oh my god yes um oh my god but uh i'm surprised you'll wet your
pants um at this movie you i've never told you if i have or not i might have
no kidding um no uh not really i am
kind of impressed by it i thought it was like silent hill i thought it looked
like so i had a look at the site looking feel a silent hill the way that it was
all set up in everything now the other thing about this movie that is incredibly
extremely and horribly violent like seriously ryland like
fucking violent
it is very violent people
people bleeding all over the place
but the way the way that places in the way the place looks is just exactly like
something you see right out of that video game
and um... i just was very
very like, just, it was just hard to watch.
Why don't you tell me something about, like, a trap?
I don't know if it's a spoiler, but you're saying, like, a trap where razor blades are
cutting off somebody's arm or something?
Yeah, it's like...
It's disgusting.
It's like a plexiglass box with two openings, and you see, the whole premise is these people
are poisoned, and they have to find their antidotes to this toxin that they've been
breathing in for, like, you know, the last two hours, and they're trying to find them
throughout this house and one of the girls walks into a room with this plexiglass box
like hanging from the ceiling with two openings where hands can go through and an antidote
like a, you know, a syringe is in the middle just standing up and she, they're all, you
know, totally fu- No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Jamie's about to die from my story. How does it fucking feel to want?
It's my review, dammit.
No, I...
Bloody, bloody, et cetera.
You know, that's pretty much... I'll talk about it tomorrow. How's about that?
Okay. Don't listen to my show tomorrow.
Talk to... or Jamie.
But no. But listen, because, you know, you want to.
And so I actually recommend it. I mean, if you don't like...
If you like violence to the level of pornography level.
It wasn't, but the thing is, I didn't really pay attention to the blood.
I was genuinely...
So if you like the guinea pig project, you'll like Saw 2?
If you like faces of death, you'll probably like Saw 2.
No, no, no, no, no.
It was more scary than gory to me.
I mean, sure, there was blood, you know, and that's just a given in a movie like that,
but like, it was more, it was scary to me.
But yeah, it was a good Halloween movie.
Happy Halloween!
So, thumbs up?
Um, thumbs up for me.
thumbs cut off really um most likely two stumps up all right all right anyway
we're gonna go to another break and in this break we're gonna hear some stuff
from since one of our callers earlier brought up a DDR with Mario I suppose we
could do some music from a DDR with Mario so we'll do that and we'll be back
with more Orange Lounge Radio right after this and maybe some more Skype
calls we can get into it we also definitely have to do the FUs of the
week and do the cage match winner as well so we'll be number three we'll see
we'll see all right we'll be back after this with some DDO and Mario music and
Norges Launch Radio.
Thanks for watching!
Here we go!
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
Hi kids, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, we're about ready to reveal who won
tonight's cage match we like to tell you about some of the other programming here
on Orange Launch Radio I don't know if you guys are aware but last week we kind of
launched a couple new shows and so we got we're full of crap on Orange Launch
Radio now so we got a lot of live shows and it all starts tomorrow night with
Xtifer's case of the Mondays if you don't like Mondays and you're ready to
go into Tuesday with a good vibe, then listen to my show. I promise you'll be at
least amused. Any hints about what's coming up on this week's show? Well, I'm
gonna talk about somebody who's in, you know, in a movie that just came out who
everybody says she still looks hot after all this time and I think she just looks
like flabby so I will and it's scary because you know it's the Halloween
episode it is it's the Halloween episode no no no it's not the Halloween episode
it's the daylight savings time episode I'm gonna celebrate Dale at the end of
daylight savings time okay on that episode I think it'll be fun um and and
okay if you need to email me something I forgot on the at the end of my show on
Monday if you need to email me with any comments suggestions anything even if
you want me to say something random on the show date proposals yeah date
proposal anything anything you know sex proposals I'll read it on on the air and
I will answer anything so just ask me anything you know I'll make up an answer
and email me at x defer at orange lounge radio.com spell extra read it with a box
Would you read it with a fox?
I would read it in a box with a fox.
While eating locks?
While eating a box.
All right.
Spell X-to-verse.
X-T-O-S-T-O-X.
I mean, I'm looking out for the fellow straight guys, so if I have to eat a couple pussies
to get some listeners, you know, hey, that's the price I will pay to get some listeners.
X-to-verse.
Christopher's ex, T as in Tom, O, F as in Frank, E, R as in Robert, at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Fun.
Tuesday nights on Orange Lounge Radio, the one and only Dark Sakura presents Pump Up
the Volume.
It's a music request show.
I've taken to doing it every other Tuesday just because it's cool.
So you're off this week actually, right?
This week I will be off, unless I get really bored, and then I might do something, so you
never know.
But the week after, I will be back live again.
And then Wednesday nights on the Orange Lounge radio is the Rob Roberts show, my program,
where we just kind of sit around and talk about stuff, like last week I went on this
rant about the future of television and stuff because of podcasting.
And so it's tech geek fun, and I just play music, and the music I play is whatever the
fuck I want.
This week's program, I'll have a very special guest on the show, Rice Princess is coming
back on Wednesday.
So it's a Vanilla Sky Reunion.
It should be a barrel of monkeys laughs.
It's going to be a fun show.
So tune in.
Wednesday night, 7 o'clock.
Alright, anyway, moving on.
New topic, Cage Match.
Let's talk about who won tonight's Cage Match.
The winner of tonight's cage match was...
Drumroll. Xtopher, I need a drumroll.
Thank you.
The song that won tonight was...
Pendulum with Hold Your Color.
Fourth week.
Retired.
Retired!
That is so sad. I mean, you guys...
Don't you guys care about Captain Jack?
Didn't he die for your sins?
Maybe.
Isn't he going to be coming back soon?
I mean, come on. Come on, people.
All right. Get off the show. No, I'm kidding.
Stop gaying up the show, Extover.
Well, I'm sorry, Rob. Okay?
But I thought he was fabulous.
Here, Loki. Here's your mic.
I'm just kidding. You don't have to leave.
Okay.
That was great.
Anyway.
So, there it is.
The show needs more gay.
Three new songs.
New, new, newbie, new, newbie and songs next week.
I already know what song I'm putting in.
I'm not allowing Mikul Tov to pick my song next week.
Actually, is he on?
I'm going to see if he's on AIM right now because I might send him a message letting
him know.
if he is online he's too good to be listening to this program but I want to
let him know that he won oh he's not online right now denied or he blocked me
now one or the other all right so anyway moving on then I think now would be an
appropriate time to do our FUs of the week what do you guys think it is it time
to get a little bit angsty is it getting angsty in here is it just me all right
Let's get into the FUs of the Week, and DarkSakura has a new theme song for the FUs of the Week this week.
Who said you could change your song?
I did!
Alright.
Meow.
Meow.
Alright.
DarkSakura, why is it that we do the FUs of the Week every single week?
Grr, argh.
Oh, I like this. This is video game sounding.
Burn, fire, kill, die, burn!
Dude, it's Schwartzstein. They're pretty cool. I might change it, though.
But, um, my first F.U. goes to the cage match.
Um, my second F.U. goes toward, uh, Captain Jack.
For dying. How dare he.
Um, no, this isn't schlag work. It's Schwartzstein.
Another F.U. goes to being tired and another F.U. goes towards basically being slaked on by people.
As I look across the window.
I was like going, you know, I'm sorry, I forgot to call you.
Because I went to my lobster.
F.U. to Red Lobster for your tasty food that made me stay in the bathroom for an hour.
And the F.U. to homework, F.U. to having the work to live, that's all, the end.
Alright, then let's get to Loki's F.Us.
My first nephew goes to the goddamn slow people that have to be in front of me every time
I go out driving.
You know, it's just really retarded people out there that just don't pay attention.
It's always women on their goddamn cell phones.
I'm sorry, I have given you plenty of chances to redeem yourself, but everywhere I look,
there's a goddamn woman on her cell phone driving a stupid SUV, nearly hitting something.
All the time.
I mean, literally you cannot go outside without seeing something like that.
Well, you know what SUV stands for? The stupid, useless vehicle for stupid, useless people.
in general just um...
fucked PHP because it was way too damn hard the programming
and i'm glad i'm done doing that unfortunately you know i'll have to
come up with something new and
yeah my job's never done
and also fuck those stupid people on
craigslist that want to charge a hundred thirty five dollars for a webpage design
and
granted a hundred thirty five dollars for a webpage isn't probably too bad
if the webpage is good
you don't look at their examples in the webpage looks like something that even
myspace would reject
so i mean wow who the fuck would pay for that stuff and and obviously there has
been people have paid for that because we see examples on their website
i say fuck them because you know i could do a way better job so i guess i don't
know maybe i should
i'm gonna do a new f u song as well tonight i think
just like
uh...
i'd like to give it up to you uh... don't
cuba like that
uh... i'd like to get a few to our uh... apartment complex
because our apartment complex but can i call them on monday to tell them that
the washer in the apartment was broken and it took them till today to just
bring them a new washer you know why it finally happened today
Because when I called the office, I actually got to speak to the general manager, and it's the only reason it got taken care of today.
She had my problem fixed in five minutes.
Seriously, it was just, it was a nightmare.
And you know, not having a washer is just plain fucking insane.
You have to like rely on your friends to have time to let you use their washer.
Yeah.
You know, because I'm not going to go to no laundromat or whatever to spend money and try to wash and dry my clothes.
kostjamrh I have another one Rob
some of our guest FUs started off with DDR Angel.
Well, I usually don't bitch about a game per se or what happened in the game,
but this one redeems itself, you see, because
usually you go into a group and
hopefully good things happen and you level and all the while whatever.
This guy was a complete butt-head though,
because as soon as I rolled on the object that I needed, he was like,
you don't need that, you're a piece, this, this, this, this. So, you know what, fuck you.
and um...
a fuck you to kicking me out of the group
after you didn't get your way. I mean it was just...
it was just massive monster player kill.
Go in the middle of the mob, run out and kill the priest!
Fuck you. And that's pretty much it.
So, yeah, that guy needs to be blacklisted and never spoken to again, which I already did, so ha ha ha ha ha.
And your entire kill too.
Next to her, your FUs of the week.
FU to working for a living. I second Dark Soccer's FU.
I went and applied for another job today, so maybe I'll have two.
And, you know, I don't know. Like, I'm just not looking forward to working two jobs.
Especially the job that I applied for is retail.
And I'm the retail king.
But if you're going to work at my favorite store and you can get me discounts, I'm so excited.
That's fucking great for you.
I, on the other hand, am not really happy for it.
But, you know, I mean, it's cool. I mean, I just need the extra money.
So, I mean, in the long run it will be good for me.
But at the same time, fuck you to working for a living.
I forgot something. Ow, I just hurt myself.
you to not having enough time to do artwork and play video games. That's just that.
Manwhore's getting too expensive, Christopher.
They are. I mean, you know,
and I pay the extra
so that I can, you know, suck their assholes.
Oh my god! And, you know, that's like a hundred and twenty bucks extra.
You're cut off. Shut up.
I'm sorry, but, you know, but
You know, I think that it's a really horrible thing when you have to charge extra for that.
Anyway.
Can you please go to the chat room?
It's all just jokes, people.
It's okay to have sexual humor.
I saw some people in the chat room earlier.
It's okay, just get over it.
I'm not going to change, so, you know, leave if you don't like it.
The views and opinions expressed by Exifer are not necessarily that of the show.
Misty says, Fuck my schedule for work this week.
Of all the weeks that I could go in later because my mom is on vacation this week, I
get scheduled for 8am or earlier.
John Field says, F you to my car which has it's speedometer messed up.
It says 55 and police gun says 45.
Does anyone know where to take this thing to get it fixed?
I've gone to the local Acura repair shop and they can't fix it.
For fuck them, so fuck them for not being able to fix their own cars.
Goggle says, oh, is sending me a private link, thank you Goggle.
Dark Knight says, F you to work, daylight savings time, no car and being so alone.
Hey Rob, did you, oh no, I haven't talked about that yet, I might though.
Lego Freak says, F you to my fingers and my left hand, they aren't coordinated and
don't work right when I try to play my guitar.
Nintendo Maniac 64 says, F you to my mom for
getting uber pissed over me not doing my homework.
people can have mental issues at times
instead of just being lazy for now
F you to etel for having a crappy DSL connection when I was trying to make my
Skype call that couldn't even be considered a call. I'm gonna try calling again
F you to that mark guy of epic games for just being a game facts NGG fanboy noob
only at a corporate level
F you to myself for not establishing in my previous F you to the mark guy majorly dissed
the revolution controller
dark tetsuya says F you to the listener cap F you to still not having
Sakura Sink and Paranoid Survivor back, and F you to having Soul Calibur 3 when I'm not
done with EX2 yet.
Goggle would like to say F you to Madonna for being in better shape than her at age
47.
Soccerina says F you to MPQ for teasing me all night long.
Maybe you deserved it.
Just kidding.
F you to myself for becoming the next vjarmy.com inside joke.
F you to old ladies on the bus who take ages to get on.
F you to smokers for smoking in my face while I wait for the bus.
FU to Nintendo for fucking up the Dr. Mario song.
FU to the lasers and Oni Mission 2 for being too sensitive and killing me off before I
can exit the room.
Roz says FU to my health teacher because FUing to him has become a habit.
And FU to those damn glass jar candles.
Neo14789 says FU to AP chemistry and loads of homework.
And fuck you to light rail.
Color of Sakura says FU to having a 10 page research paper that I haven't started it's
due tomorrow.
I might want to get started on that, buddy.
F you to Sky for not being gay enough.
Sorry, girl!
F you to Konami for not getting Bye Bye Baby Balloon in USDDR sooner.
F you to the Jesus sign people ruining the Halloween pub crawl downtown.
F you to Soulcalibur III's AI for being fucking horrible.
Sephiroth1215 says F you for midterms.
landing on and before half on and after Halloween for me
Rene says F you to those cat food packets because the cat food liquid stuff inside goes everywhere
when you open the damn thing
and the legend of Zaku says F you to always having no spending money since I owe so much shit every month
F you to having to reconnect to the stream with iTunes since the quality goes down as a result
I got an I.M. F.U.
Okay, what's that?
I'm a Vexer.
Uh-huh.
Uh, F.U. to November 22nd, we're having three shitty albums come out on the same day.
Lindsay Lohan, Jessica Simpson, and Scott Strap of Creed.
Lindsay Lohan has another album coming out?
Yeah.
Who told her she could put out one, let alone two?
I don't know.
Bitch.
Did you hear that she's gonna be making indie films now to get some street cred?
She's signed up with some indie films.
Hopefully those indie films-
Maybe she'll die.
Hopefully those indie films that are porn will involve lots of nudity.
Is that what you want?
I think she should do a remake of the Captain Jack song we heard tonight.
You think so?
Yeah, I do.
It'll be good times.
All right.
We're going to...
Actually, we're going to go to one more break, but there's a purpose behind this break, because
I wanted to play this for you guys tonight at some point, because I just got this from
our buddy Miklotov, and he says it's very cool, and I want to play it for you guys.
It's in the Kiriyamaoka track.
It's actually System Romance, but it's not the song that we know it from 2DX.
It's actually a guitar instrumental version.
It's actually the demo version of System Romance by Kiryamoka, and I think it's available on
his website in streaming form or something, but we're going to play it for you guys, because
it rocks and it's a Kiryamoka, so this is going to be our last break for tonight, and
then when we come back we'll do...
More news!
More news.
Yes.
Okay.
More news than it is.
And maybe some Ask Orange Lounge if we have time?
Sure.
If we have time, but we don't know tonight.
we may not get to do it. So, anyway, here we go, a Kiryamoka with a guitar version of
system romance. Enjoy!
I'm in love with you
I'm in love with you
I'm in love with you
I don't know, I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
Q&A with a instrumental version of System Romance.
I promised somebody that we could do one more call over the Skypline, so we're going to
go ahead and go to the Skypline for one last call before we get to some more news.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio.
Hey, Sky, it's John Field.
Hey, John, what's on your mind?
I'm doing okay.
What's on your mind tonight?
Well, I've got a pretty big announcement to make.
Okay.
A couple months back, I made an announcement on Orange Lounge Radio, the official announcement about it, that I would be starting up a Phantasy Star Online Mishima, and I've got good news about that.
The first episode will be released tomorrow, and I'll be posting a link to it in the chat room.
Oh, very cool. Now, explain for those that might not know, what is a Mishima?
A machima is basically the idea of taking a video game, using the characters in it, and using that to tell a story that's different from what the actual game is like. Sort of like what Red vs. Blue did for Halo.
Right, and I remember I saw a commercial on TV the other day that was The Sims 2, and it was a very similar kind of thing.
So a lot of folks like that Red vs. Blue stuff, so now you made one for Phantasy Star Online.
Yeah.
Very cool, what's it called?
It's called The Monster Within, and the first episode, like I said, will be out tomorrow.
If it's not up on archive.org, I'll be hosting it on my own web space.
And hopefully this will be, maybe every few weeks or so, I'll have another release out.
Give us a little hint as to the plot of the first episode.
The plot of the first episode is sort of, it takes place before the actual game starts.
It's sort of like, you're there seeing the explosion of my goal.
Hmm.
Okay, so a little bit of a prequel going on here.
You going to send this to some folks at SEGA, see what they think of it?
Actually, I'm already working with a contact inside SEGA.
It's the GM for Blue Burst, Clumsy Orchid.
Awesome.
Well, good luck with that.
I hope you have a good time.
And hey, name drop Oren's mom's name somewhere, okay?
Okay.
Just messing with you.
All right, have a good one.
Thanks for, and good luck with that.
Let us know how it does.
the link in the chatroom so we can check it out.
So we got a lot in here in the last 15 minutes.
OK.
Anyways, stuff I was going to be talking about.
And we posted this to the site earlier this week about this
new dance game that's coming out by the creators of Get on
the Mic.
And it actually used to be called Get on the Floor.
But now it's Flow, the Urban Dance Uprising.
This game is the Urban Dance Uprising.
Yes, Dance Uprising.
Because Uprising's like a revolution, I guess.
But it's basically DDR, I mean, in every sense of it. It is so much like DDR that I'm sure we'll see the lawsuit in a few months here, but, um, what can I say? It's all Breakbeat music, which is kinda cool.
Um, you've got some pretty good tracks, and a lot of them I didn't recognize, cause, I mean, I like Breakbeat and stuff, but I don't really, um, listen to a whole lot of it, so...
But it's going to be coming out actually the week after
Ultramix 3
for, I believe it's only on the Xbox, if I remember correctly.
But two of the main songs that I wanted to mention was The Breaks by Curtis Blow
and Eighth Wonder by Sugarhill Gang, which are going to be
two of the big songs in it.
Interesting. But it's
basically BDR.
Very, very similar.
So that was the one I wanted to mention, I think that was the only story I had if I remember
correctly.
Yeah.
Okay.
Just that dance game.
It'll be interesting to check out.
I got a couple other things I want to add which I think is very interesting.
DDR Freak is reporting this week that Carl's Jr., as we know it here on the west coast
but on the east coast they call it Hardee's, but same thing.
They're actually going to be running a promotion this November where DDR is going to be advertised
on their drink cups. But that's very interesting, on their 44 ounce, like their super drink
cups, they're gonna advertise like DDR games. Which I think is very interesting because
you consider the types of things that are usually advertised on the side of fast food
drink cups, and it's like, well, Extrovert, you drink a lot of fast food cups, so what
kind of... I'm just kidding. I just saw you grab the mic.
You said Carl's Jr., right? Yes.
Oh, I love Carl's Jr. Okay, or Hardee's, if you're on the East Coast.
Hardys. Carl's Jr. is the best. That's pretty good. And I think that makes it even better.
You know, I once dated somebody who refused to eat at Carl's Jr. because Carl's Jr. was
giving secret money to anti-gay Republican organizations, supposedly?
Call me Republican and anti-gay, because I love Carl's Jr.
Those Western bacons will make me... They are the Western bacon cheeseburger.
Anyway, so usually they advertise Disney movies on the side of drink cups and whatever else
is going on, but DDR is going to be a promotion at Carl's Jr. Hardy.
That's very interesting.
It is.
That's interesting.
Also, here's the thing, inside the store, there's going to be a big advertising standee
and there'll be $5 coupons attached to the standee, so you can use these $5 coupons for
Extreme II, UltraMix III, or Karaoke Revolution game.
Nice.
Should be interesting.
Yeah.
That's going to be kind of cool.
What?
That's right.
Kiriyamaoka Revolution Party's coming up soon.
That's right.
I can't wait until we get them here on the show.
Oh no.
No.
No, no, no, no.
We need a Kiriyamaoka Revolution.
I keep forgetting that we have international listeners, so they're like, I don't know if
it's Canada or what, but somebody's all, we don't have arties here, wah!
You're not missing anything, trust me.
Their burgers taste like ass.
Party sells fried chicken.
And they have like, you know, giant sized burgers that taste like ass.
me I used to like you know some of their burgers there but there's this one
Carl's Jr. that was right by our house and it was really really bad there I
remember the the probably the pinnacle of their suckiness was when the salt
tasted like urine for some reason. Angel you'd know about that right? Wow. No. No.
Hardee's is cooler than Carl's Jr. though because they have fried chicken and biscuits.
I think that they're fine. And if they taste like ass, call me an ass man.
Because I really like Carl's Jr.
But, Carl's Jr. has in selected restaurants the green burrito.
You know, I don't like green burrito. But you know what, I like...
Shut your mouths, women!
My fast food of choice better than Carl's Jr. though is Jack in the Box,
Which I know is also not available in all the states, but it's the best place.
Yack in the crack.
Oh, that's great.
I found out something like a couple weeks ago.
What?
About fast food, and...
It makes you fat?
I mean, I do that, or what?
No, no, no, no.
We have a Chick-fil-A now.
Oh, come on, fuck-
Okay, big whoop!
Honestly-
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
I freaking grew up with a Chick-fil-A.
I know, but I didn't.
I'm sorry.
I had an identity, but I didn't.
What?
Fuck Chick-fil-A. What's the big deal about Chick-fil-A?
The crack they put in the Polynesian sauce.
I like it.
All Chick-fil-A's are closed on Sunday.
I know, because they're praising Jesus.
But no, I think that it's very admirable that they would take a corporate stance for their beliefs.
I agree, and it's good that the employees at least all get one good day off.
I hate sores to do that.
I freaking hate it. Okay, goddamn tugboat, you know, fish and chips, and Nippon.
Both of the places I love their food, the only time I really have a chance to get some is on Sundays and they have to go freaking warship.
They can do that in the morning like normal people and they come back to work.
Some people actually live up to their personal beliefs, maybe?
No one does that anymore.
That's so passe.
I have to commend anyone who's willing to take a stance like that for what they believe
in.
I think that it's very admirable.
The church crowd, when I used to work at Walmart, when they used to come in, I have horrible
stories there's a worst crowd in the world I swear you're praising Jesus and
you want you know to be saved yet you want to save more money than you want to
be saved okay that's all I have you know just let's not let's not start a holy
war oh I know I don't I grew up in a Christian family I know all about it so
damn an angel started I'm sorry no because I wanted to play remember being
religious does not make one moral that's true that is true I just said it cuz I
thought you guys missed it or something never mind my aims improving um if I'm
gonna have fast food it's all about Panda Express and I consider Panda
Express fast food if I'm gonna have fast food then I'll have cooked it the night
before and take it out of the refrigerator funny you said that Rob
about Panda Express why all of a sudden I'm thinking of that little cartoon
thing they have on the World of Warcraft site that says Pandora and Express, and I'm going,
no!
Okay, my brain is tainted for the evening, thank you.
Seriously though, if people who are going to go somewhere the next day, they know that
they're going to stop to get fast food, isn't it just easier to pack a lunch?
It's cheaper and better for you.
I think that everybody should boycott fast food for a week.
Good.
I don't want to...
Get out of my drive-thru.
No, seriously.
No seriously, I think that if everybody stopped eating fast food for the duration of one entire
week, ate regular food, out of the refrigerator, that you go to the grocery store and you have
to prepare, after a week, I swear, your general level of health and well-being is going to
be vastly improved.
I would make a financial wager that I could go, I would make a substantial financial wager
that I could go longer without fast food than these two.
Oh, I believe it.
They wouldn't last five seconds.
Oh, yeah, right five seconds. Whoo. Okay. I'm going outside
Is this a bet?
Yeah, official orange sounds radio bet. Okay, I bet I can go. I am the master of my domain
I bet I can go six fucking months without eating fast food. I will put money in it
if you
Don't believe it. I don't believe that Christopher would be able to okay. We'll do this right now
now if he breaks his fast food goal then for every month remaining on the six
months he has to pay $10 so for example if he makes it four months and then eats
fast food he has to pay 20 bucks to what to us for the station you have to pay
our station bill you're on I don't need that and shit
Wait a minute.
Christopher just agreed to something that Loki and I didn't even say we'd participate in,
so now it's all Christopher and how long he can go without fast food.
Loki agrees, too.
I didn't agree to shit.
If I don't go and eat fast food, where am I going to get my Best Buy bucks? Really?
Steal them?
Yeah, six months.
See, that's the same type of consumerism crap that's got this country buried, I swear.
Eh?
Loki just took out like $20 in Best Buy bucks.
$22, actually.
Do you know when the last time I ate fast food was?
When?
Two weeks ago, when I bought a salad.
Okay, now what is considered fast food?
Because I don't want X to get off on a technicality.
I don't really consider McDonald's food.
I'm stepping into a McDonald's.
Okay, the only thing that you would ever be allowed to buy from a McDonald's would be a salad.
Okay.
Cuz their salads are really good.
Okay, then...
So...
So is it any place by a salad, or is it just McDonald's I can buy a salad?
Any place. If they've got, like, salads...
Good healthy salads, then that's fine.
How about this?
If you go to a place with a drive-thru...
Yes.
You can't get anything with meat.
But, wait, no, cuz that won't work, cuz a chicken salad.
And... and the apple pie, and...
Okay, then you can't get anything but a salad.
The only thing you could give there would be a salad and a drink to go with it.
Okay.
Guys are on. I swear.
I'm gonna I to that tonight and you know is it by my rules of fast food which is
salad
also is subway and quiz knows considered fast food
hello it takes 10 minutes to get fucking sandwich no I don't consider this to be
fast food
okay I'm but to raise it up a notch
I won't even eat those you can have salad
no I I I do not
I do not believe you can go six months without I I will not believe it what I
What are you gonna eat? I'm gonna eat Nippon every night is what you're gonna eat. Isn't Nippon fast food?
It's Japanese fast food, so I can't even eat that fast food
It takes like five minutes of repair you can eat you can eat like a regular restaurant like Applebee's or Chili's, okay?
That's fine. You can get salads from these places
Okay
Because salads are good healthy food right, but other than that anything that you eat that you take to work
You have to take your lunch to work, okay?
you cannot eat burgers or anything unless you go buy meat and grill
yourself a burger okay I go to Outback because I have I will seriously do this
you guys are totally on you guys are totally you guys are gonna be eating my
ass we'll give you some leeway tomorrow is Halloween you can eat your candy corn
I'm starting it tonight because I'm starting my dad on the first okay so that
way I can monitor okay I feel so cool this is gonna be neat so starting on the
first what's what's halfway through that's gonna be we should have like a
Biggest Loser competition where every Orange Lawns radio show we have to all
stand on a weight scale. Well how about this, how about this, we'll go since we're starting here the
six-month mark will actually be my wedding day so I'm up for this I'm up
for a Biggest Loser competition okay I will we can do without giving out our
our weights on the air. It's not really fair to me since I've dropped
60 pounds since 2003. Then you're the host, you're the moderator.
I'm the mediator, but I'm participating too. Forget all this other fast food stuff, it's
just going to be strictly the biggest loser. Whoever loses the most weight in, let's make
it less than six months, because our listeners don't want to wait that long.
I also, though, I also, though, I can't rely on weight.
Being myself, seeing as how, okay,
I will go ahead and say it on the air,
I'm a size 12 right now.
The last time I was a size 12, I was 30 pounds lighter.
So how about whoever loses the most inches off their waist?
Whoever loses the most clothing sizes.
Whoever loses the most, I don't know.
See, now we're getting too complicated
and we're running out of show.
That's easy, it's not dependent on weight,
it's not dependent on your, really, your metabolism.
Whoever loses the most clothing sizes.
I'm still on the fast food thing.
I swear, though.
Fast food for me.
Here it is.
If Christopher can actually go six months with no fast food, I'm trying to think of something
I'll do.
Ew.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
All sorts of meat.
Okay.
whose mind is in the gutter
what we'll go ahead and do because there
it is a good motivated for everybody
it's just we are also they're going to test the m i
by me i hate it
yeah that bm is the most accurate way to test that one
uh...
i'm going to get by the m i counter
hide me will do it by bm i
Sounds good to me.
Six months, though, is an awfully long time for this to finish, to play out.
It's April, right? Isn't it six months April? We, we can go, we can make it.
You remember how we were saying our lease? I'm not, I am not committing to the
fast food thing because of my lifestyle. I just know I won't be able to do it. I am
freely admitting that I will cut back. I'll cut back.
I will. If we're doing like a physical dessert, I will participate.
And I'll tell you what, I will make a private live journal community for us,
but we are going to post running things on the site, and most,
so without giving any specifics out, and then we'll be able to let our listeners,
and if our listeners want to participate in this, you know, we'll think of something,
but I think, you know, because we'd have to have some way to track that,
but you guys, I'll see you in person, so, but, you know, I encourage our listeners
to participate with us on their own.
If you don't let me have diet soda, I'm going to cry.
Yay!
So Angel's going to participate. I'm going to do it.
X-Ray's going to do it. Are you doing it too, Loki?
I'm going to eat all fast food!
Shut up! No you're not.
Yes I am!
You're going to be the biggest gainer?
Well that's a good W.
Oh no!
Okay, so Angel, myself, and X-Ray will be the biggest losers.
Which means I have to tell the entire house when I get back, no faster than six months!
And they're going to give me like...
And to encourage everybody, if anyone wants to go work out, if I'm free, I'll work out with you.
I'm doing all my own too.
I can encourage everybody.
And we're getting a metal pad, so I'll be fine.
Six months is too damn long.
you know it though I want to one of the reasons why I'm doing it is because I
want to see what kind of benefits this will this will give me you know in terms
of financial because I know that a lot of money because you know living in an
apartment and you know this whole lifestyle is spent on that food and of
course health wise it'll be good and I think that overall it'll be a good thing
so I say six months and I will be committed to it I won't drink I can't I
can't drink anyway so I mean it's kind of cool anyway hello okay my microphone
works okay we're going way too far so I do not think the six months because if
you do it for six months you're eventually gonna get yourself into some
healthier habits anyway how the hell do we get into this topic anyway it's just
happened it was his fault
yes
extrovert
well let's talk about
food banks who want some uh... supersized fried
and sounds good right now brother fucking disgusting thank you
i know i was like she was planning on showing up at godary
dammit i was planning on getting pizza head after the show tonight now i have
to set a fucking example of my roommate who just made a fucking stupid bet
i don't know how i've been looking for every month you have failed ten dollars
you pay for the show we're going to think of a prize that you
if you make it
i will take you out to dinner
wherever you want whatever you want it
you're not going to change your lifestyle for six months for a fucking free dinner
that it sounds good to me
i think you know it you you had
free dinners
pretty good when you're living on your own you know you know what i mean
Alright, alright, so, yeah, I can see Loki, like, every week coming in with a big old
burger in front of it.
I will think of a prize as well to sweeten up at the pot.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll take it or not, sir.
That sounds good.
I'm gonna switch from single quarter pounders to double quarter pounders.
I was gonna say something, but, like, I'll just do that out there.
End of show.
Final thoughts.
Angel, your final thought.
I think I can do this.
We'll have to go yell at the roomies at home and tell them, no fast food, ever.
Next up for our final thought.
Oh, if somebody in chat wanted to hear the drum roll one more time.
Thank you.
That sounds like a really messed up warlock, I mean, murloc.
Addict.
I am Sam Drumroll or something.
Low key, your final thought.
My final thought is, this is the perfect week for me to actually roll out my hybrid beef-slash-sausage hamburger with double bacon, double cheese.
Yummy.
I'm gonna fuckin' be sick.
You know what? Here it is. Six months. If you can go six months, I'll buy you a fuckin' DS.
Shit. I'm not gonna try that.
Okay.
I'll give you like ten bucks.
I'll give you a fuckin' DS if you can go six months.
Okay.
I'll buy you a puppy.
uh...
uh... my final thought would be uh...
experts crazy
uh...
uh... reject of icons and even better reject fast food
uh...
package that room
package that room
there's going to be a betting pool for the fucking biggest loser contest
revenue
that on me
I think I already won since I did drop 60 pounds.
Which you're not participating in this competition.
I'm monitoring because I'm the health guru of the station.
You're setting an example.
I'm the example.
I'm so cool.
Odds are in.
Loki is 99 to 1 odds.
God I love you guys.
I'm going to get in on that action.
I fucking love you guys.
Alright.
Seriously?
Chat room you people make this show and everybody that listens.
We love you chat room.
Alright.
motivate us to be thin. Actually, I have one other thing. For all of my fellow Gorillaz
fans, they're broadcasting the Manchester show on BBC One, streaming. BBC One! BBC
Two! Alright, anyway. Fuck it, we gotta end the show already. Okay, bye! Last word! Loki!
Fries! That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live. Orange Lounge Radio
Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production. For more information about our station, visit
our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com. And now, here is your fortune cookie message
of the day.
Hello, boys and girls. This is your old pal, Stinky Wizzle Teeth. This is a song about
a player. No! This is a song about being happy. That's right. It's the Happy, Happy, Joy,
I don't think you're happy enough, that's right.
I'll teach you to be happy.
I'll teach your grandmother to suck eggs.
Now boys and girl let's try it again.
Happy Happy Joy Joy! Happy Happy Joy Joy!
Happy Happy Joy Joy! Happy Happy Joy Joy!
Happy Happy Joy Joy! Happy Happy Joy Joy!
Happy Happy Joy Joy Joy!
It's the Newical sinker of all honor!
The little critters of nature.
They don't know they are ugly.
That's very funny a
A butterfly marrying a bumblebee
I told you I'd shoot
But you didn't believe me
Why didn't you believe me?
Happy, happy, joy, joy
Happy, happy, joy, joy.
Happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, happy, joy, joy, joy.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
kostjamrh The guys just did their weigh-ins for the, uh,
We're not going to say our weight, because the whole idea is that we don't have to say our weight, but oh my God, I was surprised.
I hit a certain landmark that I didn't think I was over yet, and I'm like, oh, fuck.
All right, so we'll see what happens.
Did I really tell ExtraFryd buy him a DS? God, I'm poor.
Yes, you did. We have proof of that.
That's fine. If he can go six months without fast food, he earned it, and I bet you anything, Jay will get in on that, too.
I'll bet you anything.
I'm telling you right now, I'm at a plateau right now where I can eat as much fast food as I want, and I stay the same weight, so you know what?
To be fair, you can see what I'm at.
Okay, okay.
That's what I'm at.
Okay. Oh, you are going to participate too then, Ms. J?
As a motivator for everybody.
I can't lose. So we're going to track this on the website, like how much weight we all...
I'm not eligible for any prizes.
I'm still moderating it, so I'm not eligible for any prizes, but I'm doing it for motivation purposes.
It's going to be a crazy six months, gang.
yeah but I've needed to do it since I met you guys so you know what
it's time to go. One thing though that you need to point this out
just having come to this myself, I went from 255
I don't mind saying it, I'm at 195 now and I did that in two years
I did that in two years so if I can do that
in two years and I lost the bulk of it in my first six months
so trust me, you weren't able to do it
If everybody stays on, it's going to be easy.
