Don't sort your feelings out
Get to me, get to me
La la la la la la la
Get to me tonight
Get to me
Get to me
La la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la
Down for me, me, me.
Down for me, me, me, me
Ay, yai, yai, yai.
Viva la vida!
My curves on the left side and likes on the right.
We're singing viva la vida!
Ay yi yi yi Viva la vida
My girl's on the left side, back on the right We're shaking, it's Viva la vida
I woke up tonight, some silver in light From somewhere I heard music playing
The party the people were clanging And what I saw made me believing
We dance through the night, the stars shining bright
And the silence of cool margaritas
All over him like señoritas
The rising sun shines and we're singing
Ay yi yi yi
Viva la vina
Some curves on the left side and backs on the right
We're singing in viva la vina
Ayayaya, Viva La Vida
The girls on the left side, the blacks on the right
We're singing and here I come, here I come
His hands warm and fine, these boys should be mine
His lungs made me feel like a chili
His body, his shoulders, his willies
And everything, he is the biggest
He asked for a walk, he's stolen my heart
And he held me tight, made me study
Like his son and sweat on his body
This body dance moves like no other
Ay yi yi yi
Viva la vida
Five girls on the left side and next on the right
We're singing in Viva la vida
Ay yi yi yi
Viva la vida
Five girls on the left side and next on the right
We're singing in Viva La Vida, Viva La Vida
From church on the left side and right on the right
We're singing in Viva La Vida
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, you're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio.
Tonight is episode number 161, and of course tonight we are going to pay tribute to Captain
Jack.
I'm sure you guys have heard the news.
But we're not going to have a funeral tonight, we're going to have a funeral, because that's
the Orange Lounge Radio way after all.
And we have some other big news regarding interactivity with the show, and of course
some other Bomani news, and you know, the same crap you've come to know and love, because
Captain Jack would have wanted it that way.
We'll be back after this.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content, Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words,
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity, Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Well, cocky.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We are live, and this is episode number 161 for this October the 23rd, 2005.
You're tuned into Orange Lounge Radio, radio the gamers really want, and this is Orange Lounge Radio Live,
your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games,
as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Not joining us tonight is the lovely Dark Sakresh, he has the night off, but filling
in instead is the one and only Xtavor, who has promised to be at least PG-13 tonight.
I will only talk about, you know, the possible showing of boobs and ass.
nothing else
uh... also joining us of course the one and only lucky
how you doing
well tonight uh... obviously tonight show is dedicated to the one and only
captain jack
he's the man
we'll talk a little more about get the capital we come back on but of course
it's only appropriate to replace the captain jack songs tonight
uh... i don't know how many were going to play but certainly through these
first few breaks we're gonna pay some tribute to Captain Jack and we're gonna
start it off with one of my favorites this is the one I remember this song
from DDR fourth mix and it's the song that everybody at least in this area the
Sacramento people used to really get down to and I mean literally and and
with it had such a fun little dance to it and people would kind of the lyrics
kind of have you like sing along with it and do a little dance and it was really
cheesy and we all look drunk and stupid but um you know what Captain Jack songs
are all about fun and this is one of the most fun songs I can think of so we're
gonna start off this break with only you and we'll be back with more orange
lounge radio after this.
Because I love you
Only you
Can make it feel so true
I'll never, never get so good
As long as I have you
Ah
All the hootchie mamas throw your hands up
All the hootchie mamas throw your hands up
Gotta let me hear you say yeah
You like me, I like you
I'm so happy, you're my boost Would you like to join my crew?
Fly up high to the sky so soon
Oh yeah, you're gonna make me feel so true Whatever, whatever I can do
Because of you
Oh yeah, you're gonna make me feel so true I'll never, never be so close
Oh, last I had you
All the big boys throw your hands up, hands up
All the big boys throw your hands up, hands up
All the big boys throw your hands up, hands up
Gotta let the heaters say yeah, yeah
You like her, she's like you
You're happy, she's your boo
Playin' my song with my crew
Fly up high, could've got some crew
Cold in your knees
Never make you feel so true
Whatever, whatever I can do
I'm just getting at you
Oh, yeah
Yeah, I make it feel so true
I'll never, never be so good
I'll never, never be so good
I'll never, never be so good
Oh, yeah
Little Captain Jack Peter's groovin'
Makes me wanna move
Baby, baby
Come on, baby
Baby, baby
Check out those phones, I like those phones
Awwww yeah
We're only two people in love
Into the coldest stars
We're only two people in love, in love
We're only two people in love
And though you have my heart
Tell me we'll never part
Oh
One day
Celebrate
One day
Celebrate
One day
Holiday, Celebrate
Holiday, Celebrate
If we took the holiday
Some time to celebrate
Some day of life, holiday
It would be, it would be so nice if everybody cracked the world
We're gonna have a celebration, yeah
All across the world
In every nation, yeah
It's time for the good times
We're gonna start the best time, oh yeah
One day just come together to release all the pressure
We need you all tonight
Holiday
Celebrate
Holiday
Celebrate
Holiday
Last of time, and we were fine
A way to come together and to make things better
We need a holiday
Holiday
Celebrate
Holiday
Celebrate
Holidays, celebrate
holiday, celebrate
survey the
the
the
I'm
good
fun
I don't
This DDS stops, Holla, Duh-duh-duh, the Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
That's right, DDS!
DTPO!
Welcome back, kids. We're here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 161.
In that break, we heard Only You by Captain Jack from DDR4thMix
and Captain Jack with Holiday the Radio Mix.
Tonight, of course, we played a couple of long versions there, which we don't usually do during our breaks.
but tonight I think we have an excuse to be a little bit different, so there you have
it. I promised our chat room, which by the way is swinging tonight, over at www.orangelaungeradio.com
clicking on chat, I promised them that we would have a major announcement regarding
interactivity and the show a little bit before the program started, and I'm going to reveal
that right now. Here's the big news. As you know, we have the Skype line that allows you
to contact us, you know, and we can talk to you on air.
But sometimes we have a lot of problems with the Skype line with people like being able
to talk to us. They can't hear us or we can't hear them.
And there's the Internet lag or something's going on, so it acts really funny.
So what we've done, excuse me, I'm burping here because I just had Sprite during the
break. And that's the worst McDonald's french fries
verb there. Anyway, so what we did is we've actually purchased
an add-on to Skype that will allow you to call us on a regular telephone and say hello
to us.
So here's the thing though, not only is it a regular phone so you can give us a call
and talk to us, but it's also a message line.
So if you want to call and leave us a message at any time, you can, and we can play that
on the show.
So we thought, with the news regarding Captain Jack, and I'm sure a lot of people have something
they want to say, we thought we could open up this brand new thing and allow you guys
to call in right now, leave some messages, and we'll play them later in the show.
course now guys try to keep it you know it is a three-hour show so we're kind of
looking for you know what's your feedback on how did you react to the
news how was Captain Jack influential to DDR was he the reason you played was you
know he just fun whatever you want to say we've got a line for you guys here
is the number it's not an 800 number you guys so you want to ask mommy or daddy
before you call because it might be a long-distance number it's area code 9 1
916-226-9067 is the brand new Orange Lounge Radio message line.
That's 916-226-9067.
It's open right now if you want to call in and leave us a message.
We do not have, we're not taking live calls at this time, we'll do that later in the show,
and when we take live calls, you will actually be able to call in with a number if you want
as well.
You don't just have to, you got to be careful with that mic extra for it's got like a feedback
thing.
So you don't just have to have Skype to call in, you can actually call us using a regular
telephone as long as you're cool with paying long distance charges.
Or use a cell phone because you've got all those minutes, free long distance.
Exactly.
Exactly.
Alright, so once again the phone number, area code 916-226-9067.
And I'm putting that in chat right now.
916-226-9067.
90-67. Anyway, um, before we get into how was your week, how was your day, obviously
the big, uh, pink elephant sitting in the room right now is, uh, Extifer, no, um, is
the fact that, um, Captain Jack obviously passed away this week, um, which, um, you
know, sucks. How else do you say it sucks? Um, he suffered a second stroke, apparently
he had a stroke, um, a couple years ago, and he had a second stroke, and when he suffered
the second stroke apparently he was at a party in full uniform because I don't
think a picture of Captain Jack exists where he was not in his full uniform
which is part of what made him so awesome but unfortunately he did suffer
a second stroke and it caused him to go into a coma which we posted about
earlier in the week and unfortunately led to his death a little later on in
the week and he was 43 when he passed away which is kind of a young age so
it's really too bad. He is survived by an ex-wife and a son, son's 21 years old I
I believe living in Miami? Something like that?
So, anyway, I thought maybe we could go around before we do a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day,
and what do you think about all of it? What did you think of Captain Jack? What do you think about
Captain Jack and DDR? What do you think about the music?
Anything you guys want to say? And we'll start it off with Loki.
Well, I was surprised to hear they had passed away.
Because I remember the whole morning I was trying to see what his condition
was, and a lot of people were, because they were getting sources from a German site, so
translating German we weren't sure if it was, you know, still in coma, or passed away, or
just like, you know. So once he figured it out, you know, and the news hit everybody,
you know, it was, you know, very surprising, that's for sure. The guy's, I don't know,
I wasn't a particular fan of his music, I mean, he was in the category of songs that
they're quite annoying to be played over and over and over in DDR so it wasn't
bad but it wasn't you know he wasn't as horrible say like you know DJ Alligator
or something like that so it was still fun his songs were fun and he's just I
mean he's definitely stayed true to himself I mean he's just very you know
out there you know not change the way he was you know just because of whatever I
I mean, he was definitely strange, that's for sure.
But yeah, it sucks that he's not going to be around.
But I'm sure we're still going to hear his music in DDR.
In fact, probably more so now that he's gone.
So yeah, it's good.
But that's life.
Angel, anything you want to say about it?
Who, by the way, was joining us there during the opening music
there.
Hi, Angel.
Hi.
Hi.
Anything you want to say about Captain Jack?
oh well let's see it the first time i played it or it yeah any song by him i guess um
i think and now correct me if i'm wrong it was like i don't know i was like at scandia
back in the bay area there and uh we were playing it on a second third mix duo thing yeah i'm not
quite sure on that but i think so so that's the first time that i ever played one of his songs
and you know I still like him and you know good stuff and I'm sorry to hear
that he did pass away this week that was kind of a shocker actually DJ I want to
run the s one of our buddies told me on aim we were like talking and stuff and
he was like hey did you hear my what huh so he like linked me to it and to the
website that was announcing that he was in a coma and stuff it's just sad huh
I kind of see Captain Jack as one of like the three big artists in the beginnings of
DDR, the other two being Smile DK and Erotic, because like those three bands kind of showed
up in every early mix and continue to show up in a lot of DDR mixes today.
And where Smile DK is kind of bubblegum, pop girl stuff, and Erotic is, I don't know what
the hell you call erotic. Captain Jack is quite simply the shit. Captain Jack is the
shit. He's the man. I mean, a little bit eccentric, yes, but that's cool because his music was
just a lot of dumb fun and I know, and that's kind of what DDR is all about. DDR is kind
of dumb fun. And so Captain Jack, you know, he just wants to be surrounded by hot bitches
and dance. That's really what Captain Jack was all about, was hot bitches and dancing.
And you know, I think that's awesome. And that's just what DDR is all about, is having
fun, and I think that's what Captain Jack's music was all about, is fun. Is it ever gonna
win a Grammy? No. Is it, you know, the Oscar-winning soundtrack music? No. Is it even critically
acclaimed ever? No. It's just, it's fun, mindless, happy, bouncy music, and that's what DDR is
all about. So that's why Captain Jack's the man.
What made it ironic about the whole thing was last week after the show I decided to
go out in the living room and play EX2 for the first time and the song that's on there
was one of the first ones I actually played so hearing what happened earlier this week
I was like what?
So, I don't know, it's just kind of, kind of, well, yeah, like I said, ironic, so...
I don't know.
It was just weird.
It's like, wait.
XFR, I would ask you, but I know you don't play enough DDR to probably even know who
Gavin Jack is, or...
The guy that died?
Yeah, he...
I'm guessing.
Yes, he is the guy that died this week.
Oh, okay.
Um, my condolences.
Okay, yeah.
Well, you know...
Et cetera.
You know, it's, it's pretty interesting how the Bomani community and the music gaming
community in general has kind of been responding.
I know the article that Loki posted on it, I don't know if it made the run-arounds and
blogs and stuff, but the story about Captain Jack's passing has had more hits than anything
ever on our website.
I mean, it's something like 1,800 hits and counting for that story.
It's amazing.
And then, of course, on DDR Freak, you have the largest message board for music gaming.
You have the folks that are putting the little triangles in their signature that look like
the little black ribbon.
I think that's kind of interesting, and you just really see in the thread about Captain Jack passing on,
you really see just a lot of people talking about how, you know what, Captain Jack music was just fun,
and it was stuff that got me up on the machine and just got me into the game and got me into playing DDR,
and it's just really sad to kind of see that there won't be more Captain Jack music.
I mean, Captain Jack music and DDR, yes, maybe, but Captain Jack music, new stuff in general, no.
So it's just kind of too bad.
And another thing I could point out is, you know, you often wonder, you know, if I ever pass away, will people, you know, find out about it and stuff like that?
And I wonder if he wondered the same thing, because now look at the response after, you know, he passed away and stuff, and so...
Kind of interesting. I bet no record company here in this country had any idea how big of a following Captain Jagger really had in this country.
You know, it's kind of amazing. So
Huh? I don't know what else to say
I don't want to turn this into a three-hour sob fest because honestly it's not we're all about that's not what Captain Jack was all
About so yeah, he wants just a party. So let's like we're not gonna have a funeral
I was saying in the chat room earlier tonight. We're not gonna have a funeral. We're gonna have a funeral
Yeah with hot bitches with hot bitches that's because that's that's what Captain Jack was all about with hot bitches
What okay hot female dogs? Okay. Yeah. Yeah
Release the dogs. Release the hounds.
Alright, again if you want to call and leave a message on our message line, it's 916-226-9067
and we'll be playing some of your messages and your thoughts about Captain Jack a little later in the program.
What else do I want to say on the whole thing? Oh yes, of course we had some requests
if we could maybe play a little something and just kind of give Captain Jack an appropriate
21 gun salute. So we're going to give Captain Jack a 21 gun salute, or as somebody suggested
in the chat room actually, a 21 arrow salute. So however you want to imagine it, this is
we're going to give Captain Jack a moment of silence, an orange launch radio moment
of silence, and a 21 gun salute. So if you would all please, a moment of silence and
a salute.
and to that you know Captain Jack would have followed up with
gooooo left go right go left go left go right go left
the sex on the right
those little words I picked up on when you were playing
the vita la vita song we were playing for the show?
live in la vita loca? no not really
let's get into orange lounge radio and what we're all about
Hello kids who are listening to us, maybe for the first time.
We're just a radio program about the music games and video gaming in general,
but sometimes we like to talk about ourselves.
It's kind of like, imagine if you were going out to Denny's
after the football game.
Sure, you talk about the football game a little bit,
but you talk about other stuff too.
And that's what we're all about here at Orange Lounge,
just sitting around having a good time.
So one way we just kind of do that is by talking about our weeks and our days.
So we're going to talk about your week and your day and what's been up
and what's been going on.
We'll start off tonight with DDR Angel, if you wouldn't mind starting us off. How was your week? How was your day?
Sure, that's not a problem. Yeah. Well, the week was alright. I spent Monday and Tuesday kind of trying to get my computer back online and stuff like that.
like that. I finally got to that point at early Wednesday morning before class and so
that's all fine and good now and I can finally play all the games that I want to play. Today
was pretty much spent catching up on all the Warcraft because I hadn't done it all week
thanks to said computer. Other than that I picked up EX2 this week. I haven't gotten
to play it yet, but I shall get to that shortly. Other than that, it's been a really quiet
week. Oh, I picked up a... People are going to shoot me for this, but I ended up going
to the bookstore and stumbling upon a Warcraft manga. So I was like...
Nerd! Nerd!
I was like, hey, this is cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah, shut up.
Warcraft manga nerd hey I don't know I said I was like okay I'm mine so let's
see let's see the story let's see the world of war I know this isn't World of
Warcraft this is yeah oh it is I think World of Warcraft the Sunwell trilogy
it's an epic quest to save the world of Azeroth from the forces of the undead
Scourge. Warcraft the Sudwell Trilogy chronicles the adventures of Kalec, a blue
dragon who has taken human form to investigate a mysterious power. And
Anvina, a beautiful young maiden with an enchanting secret. Ooh. And volume number
two will be added in March of 2006. So that's a sex novel then, huh? No, it's not a sex
novel. Oh, okay. Oh, dear. What did I walk into? Oh, wait. Actually, yeah, so I bought
that and he caught in a go. Yeah, I bought all those, too, but you've probably done that.
Oh, go read Tone and Jump. Jeez. Okay. Yeah, well, it's in there. Anyway, yeah, I bought
manga this week. Okay, anyway. It's all good. It's all good. Whatever you're into. What?
My Japanese says cries for, um, books and stuff.
Okay, uh, I don't know.
I guess that's it.
All right.
Uh, Loki, how was your week?
How was your day?
Um, my week was okay.
Um, I played other games and worked on the websites.
That's about it.
I ate steak today.
Steak? What kind of steak?
Just steak at Tahoe Joe's.
How big was this steak?
Six ounces.
Was it a big slab of meat?
No, because we had to do the...
We did the meal thing, so you get appetizers, bread, and soup and stuff.
So it's like, by the time you get to the actual steak, it's like, I'm full.
How do you enjoy your slabs of meat?
Medium. Or medium rare.
Yeah.
Me too.
Anyways, so no, that's pretty much all I did was play The Warriors this week, and I love that game.
There's nothing more fun than a game that starts off with beating up bums, and you know, hitting them with bricks and stuff,
and then they mug somebody by throwing a TV at their head and knocked them down and then stole their money.
That's just, that's great gameplay right there.
So, yep, that's what happened.
Okay, okay.
Well, I guess that's it then.
Exover, how was your week? How was your day?
It was good.
I worked a lot.
I played a lot of World of Warcraft, and I played some Final Fantasy XI.
Addict.
My sister came over yesterday and hung out with me and you, Sky.
and we all, like, hung out and stuff
and ate at Claim Jumper, which is a popular restaurant over here
and today
I kind of have, well actually, you know, this week I've also been preparing for
tomorrow's
show. Listen to it.
Starts tomorrow. What's it called? What time's it on?
The first case of the Monday starts at seven and
PST. PST. Meaning Pacific Standard Time. Not Please Sentel. Not Please Sentel.
So you know, listen and stuff. I'm planning on it lasting for two hours. Who knows, though.
It may last less than that. I'm just planning on it being kind of like a fun, random show.
Start off your week. And I love my intro song. Love it, love it. I can't stop talking about
I'm almost obsessed with it.
So are you going to be sad if no one listens?
Um, no, yes, well possibly.
I figure either way, no matter what, it's got to have higher ratings than Diversion
did.
So...
Well, just listen, give it a chance, be objective, it's not going to be all sex, it'll be more
than that.
Okay.
Although I'd enjoy if you just, you know, take off your pants when you listen to it.
Okay.
PG-13, I'm still PG-13.
remember kids don't drink and drive I didn't and I've been playing a lot of
World of Warcraft myself this week which I know it makes me a huge ass hypocrite
but no I don't go by books okay I don't go by the manga I'm just kidding I'm
kidding it's cool but I've just been you know trying to get into it and seeing
how I like it compared to the other MMOs out there and other than that I haven't
been doing a whole lot of things of interest. I did watch the season premieres of South
Park and Drawn Together, though, which were excellent. We should have listened! We should
have listened! Go around the ends and say, trick or treat, and you, like, get turned
into stuff. I know, I got turned into a ninja. I got turned into a bat. That was kind of
interesting. I got turned into a skeleton. Although, I really think that the Halloween
stuff in World of Warcraft is way better than Final Fantasy XI. Like, it can't stand the
the Final Fantasy XI thing, it just sucked.
I'm going to talk about this on the podcast a little later, but I don't want to compare
Final Fantasy XI and World of Warcraft.
But you know what?
I can compare those two because they're both having Halloween events.
So you know...
Yeah.
Alright.
That's fine.
Alright.
Let's see.
I think what we'll do now is we're going to take a little bit of a break, then we're going
to come back and we're going to talk about some Bahmani news, some things going on in
the Bahmani world.
So, let's see.
What do we want to do this break?
I think we'll do another Captain Jack song, although I think we'll keep it to shorter
versions this time.
And we'll be back after this break with more Orange Lodge Radio.
Don't forget you can call our message line.
We're going to get into the message line in probably about another 30 minutes or so.
So make sure you get all your messages in about Captain Jack.
Area code 9162269067.
Remember it's a three hour show, so keep your messages short.
We can't guarantee we'll get to all the messages as well.
just, you know, give it a call. And we'll be back after this with more Orange
lounge radio.
Now you're the last girl on the run
You feel the best to be the one
Come on and join the journey
This is the journey into time
As all the wheels are turning
Race is on the run
Are you ready?
Ready for the race
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Ready for the Rex. Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Ready for the race?
Are you ready?
My generation
I am an inspiration to the whole generation.
I throw your hands up I throw your hands up I throw your hands up get em' up high
I throw your hands up I throw your hands up I throw your hands up get em' up high
I can't believe it, I can't believe it
My generation
And the baby
We watching
And the baby
We watching
And the baby
We never felt the same
We want you, we want you, we want you and the cast is crew
Pray to you, my precious, that you will be treasured by my entomology
Pray me to begin to make you feel no puncture on the world of harmony
Pray to you, that you will fly away from the sin that was brought to your heart to see
Stand up for the peace and open in the presence of the sin that was brought to me
Let's go, let's go, right go pick up, let's go, let's go, right go later
Hey yo, Captain Jack, bring me back to the way we're tracked
Give me a gun and more hands
I wanna be your shooting man
The Orange Lounge Radio!
Back here on Orange Lounge Radio on this episode number 161.
A whole break there of Captain Jack songs from DDR because, of course, Captain Jack
passed this past week, so we're just kind of doing some tributes tonight.
Some songs there that you heard in that break, The Race, that was a song that was in not
only DDR third mix, but also a Beatmania song, kind of a fun song there.
My Generation, which I believe was the first Captain Jack song to be in American DDR, I
think, because that song was in DDR Max, right, so I think that was the first one in American
DDR.
And then In The Navy, which by the way is like my favorite steps of any Captain Jack
song, even though the song's a little cheesy.
I do like the little trance part in the middle and the chick singing.
the song itself was kinda
uh... well i didn't like it when the who did that some of the little those
people that's ours i don't like it when they did originally
this is going to get
uh... but i like it
i liked that i like that version because i have a little middle transport is
kinda cool
uh... and then uh... of course captain jack which is kind of the song that
everybody knows um... the actual song captain jack from third makes
uh... this on the heavy effort in it
i will be a fucking man
one point in there
That's right. He lays down the smack there. I will be your fucking man!
And of course that song had some crazy ass steps because it was a maniac song.
And that song also appearing in the latest
DDR Home Mix Xtreme 2.
Which, by the way, speaking of DDR Xtreme 2,
our next big fat giveaway will be on next week's live program. It's going to be
something you're going to have to listen live to win.
We are giving away
a copy of Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme 2,
and here's the catch.
Not only is it a copy of DDR Extreme 2, it's a bundle, kids.
It's a bundle pack, which means it has an official Konami
soft pad bundled in with it.
And those things are not easy to get.
So if you want the best soft pad you can get, we're going
to give you a chance to win it next week.
And a copy of DDR Extreme 2 as well.
And more details to come next week.
I don't know what we're going to do.
Maybe we're going to think about that.
We're going to boo about that over this next week.
So it'll be exciting.
so we're gonna give that away. Also, one more thing I want to point out is our
message line. We are taking messages right now if you have something you want to say
about Captain Jack. Air code 9162269067. That's the brand new Orange
Lounge Radio message line. Anyway, let's talk about what else is going on in the
Milmani world this week. We have the new Midihead podcast, although I have to
be honest. I love Midyhead. He's a great guy. He's a lot of fun, and he does a great job,
but that's not a podcast, what he's doing. He is not doing a podcast. He's calling it
a podcast, but it's not a podcast. You know why it's not a podcast? Because the MP3 was
released by itself. It was not part of a RSS feed. An RSS feed is like, I don't know if
you guys ever saw Kevin Pereira's blog. He was doing a podcast for a little while. It
wasn't a podcast. It was MP3s he was offering for download. So I'm not going to call this
thing, a podcast. It's the new Midihead MP3 where he's teasing Ultramix 3. And I'm gonna
be downright honest, I haven't had time to listen to it yet. I listened to part of it.
Did you? What'd you think? What's that came up?
It's just as cool as, you know, most Midihead stuff. Played some more tracks from his new
album, and it was good. And he gave, he let us know what some of the artists are gonna
be on Ultramix 3. Looks like quite a lineup, too.
Yeah, it's got a very interesting lineup in Ultramix 3.
Let's see if I can head on over here to one of the websites here, because honestly,
I've been a little bit disconnected from everything this week, so I haven't really been reading
what's going on.
I did hear, I heard some people bitching in the chat room about Good Charlotte being in
Ultramix 3, so I guess that news came out that Good Charlotte's going to be in there.
Good.
Yeah, I know.
of an interesting edition, to say the least. Of course, they might be giants. I think some
folks in the thread there used screen captures from a screenshot that was released on the
internet to figure out that the they might be giants song we were supposed to be getting
is Istanbul, not Constantinople, which actually makes me sad because I wanted the Tiny Toons
video in it, because that would have been awesome if it was the Tiny Toons music video.
Okay. Don't you remember on Tiny Toons like years ago, they, well of course Tiny Toons
was a badass show to begin with, but like they had an episode where they parodied MTV
and they did their own music videos and they were like two, they might be giant songs,
they did videos too and Istanbul was one of them and then Particle Man was the other one.
Particle Man, Particle Man, doing the, you know what, forget it. Screw you guys.
Right.
Screw you guys.
No, no, keep going.
Screw you guys.
mentioned in the podcast, Moby, Black Eyed Peas, I wonder if it'll be the, what's the,
My Humps or whatever that song is, probably not, My Humps, B-52s, that's pretty awesome,
the B-52s are awesome. I don't know which song it's going to be, but I hope they do
Rome. I liked Rome, but I'm kind of hoping for Rock Lobster a little bit, or Rock Lobster,
we're going to look at the route club and i'll probably do it
it'll probably be love shack
yeah but you know
uh... what else is there was a gap basement jacks that's pretty cool
isn't jack's uh... nowhere facts
the hell we got like talking to you are
interesting
good charlotte black alicia's
grew armada and dino
that must be with it or something i don't know it's
there there's a song called black elitist
uh...
so we got a weird weird lineup middle to make story i mean you want to see a
diverse
list
for uh... uh... tdr game this is going to be a right here is also makes three
everything from
good charlotte you're white music wack elitist
should be if you had a little bit you know
in the whole history
it's like my space in the form of
it totally is
it totally is all to explain is the uh... myspace mix
that's great
uh...
i wonder what they're what's with the fun next year when they do all three
four thirty to go up to the three sixty or if they're gonna stay on the regular
xbox platform what's gonna happen
should be interesting
Of course we already know a bunch of other songs that are going to be in UltraMix 3 this year.
We have songs such as
Spray doing I Am Gothic.
So that's another, so you got like, so that's kind of another like borderline emo song.
They should have done the Kill With My Car song.
Raise Your Hands by Midihead of course.
Conflict by The Yozoic.
Basil by Orif Is.
Drivin' Naoki featuring Polteri.
And Brilliant R.E.D. which is a brand new Naoki song.
which one of the screenshots gave away that was posted by another website.
Love This Feelin', the Zonk remix by Akiriyama Oka,
the remix by Zonk. And then of course the Jelly Hit, Jelly Head.
Jelly Kiss, Midi Head, Smack Mix with Togo Project featuring Sana.
Hash the Sun by Shatonix, which was on the V-Rare.
A Remix of Colors by Midi Head.
A Remix of Bailalaki, I Carried with the Wind by Jondi and Spesh.
Come With Me by Raindancer, which I believe is a
different drum crossover or something related I think and together and
forever by Captain Jack which I think is pretty cool so we do get a Captain Jack
song in Ultramix 3 pretty appropriate at this point so that's what's going on
with Ultramix 3 should be an interesting mix all right I think what
we'll do now why don't we go ahead and let's let's um go over to the Orange
Launch Radio message line and let's see what we got on our messages and then
we'll actually open up the Skype line in a little bit to take calls and when we
open up the Skype line to take live calls you can either call us over the
Skype line like you always do in the past or you can just get on the phone
and punch in the digits. So we're gonna load up and see what messages we got on
the Skype line. We wanted to see what people had to say about us. And of course
this is a brand new thing kind of for us is this whole thing so this is very
experimental, so I'm not sure if this is going to work.
So we'll find out.
But we're cutting edge here on Orange Line Radio.
So why not?
We're going to go check out what kind of
voicemails we got.
And play some messages, see what you guys have to say.
So let's go ahead.
And we're not taking live calls right now at this
moment, we are simply taking the calls over
on the message line.
So let's listen to some voicemails that we got.
eat your webmaster
I like it
ha ha ha
whoops I think that was a test call
let's try this one instead
Yea what's up it's Sam
I mean
I don't know this whole thing about Captain Jack is
pretty crappy
I mean I love the songs
good times on third mix playing Captain Jack on the standard
oh those were good times but
y'know it's terrible a guy like that has to
pass away so
I don't know, it just sucks, but Captain Jack lives on in our hearts.
And did you also know Captain Jack, I was looking at pictures, he's a freaking pimp.
Captain Jack is the master pimp, he had so many ladies, it was just awesome.
but it sucks about Captain Jack.
Just sitting here in my room, attending Maniac 64, just testing out this new golf thingy.
Pants are out in the living room and just back in my room.
I'm supposed to be doing homework, but you know what? Screw you, homework! Screw you!
Yeah, it really grinds my gears, like America does to Peter Griffin.
I'm thinking about getting Doritos and stuff. Doritos are good, especially the ranch flavor.
I'm just watching a movie that-
Are you high?
Funny feeling.
Is this guy high?
No, I don't think so.
Alright.
Yeah, I'm just like, jabbering.
So yeah, Loki, I know what you did with my foot last night. I don't know what the heck was going on in that sick mind of yours.
And go to gamersadvanced.com because they have openings for like, reviewer people and stuff.
Yeah, gamersadvanced.com with a D at the end of advance, okay?
Games.com? Yeah, it's.com.
Come on to the... there, or else the scrolls of like, evil chocolate will take you away to the funny farm.
Our life is good.
Yeah, just crazy random. Okay, so, like, bye. Hope you're quiet.
I think he was high. He was something.
I think he was so high he forgot to mention Captain Jack in his minute. No, it's fine. I'm just teasing.
Doritos? I do agree with the Doritos.
Doritos are the shit, though. Doritos are awesome.
Branch Doritos are good, but you know what? Nothing beats the original. They're the cheesiest.
Well, the cheesiest is Cheetos, right?
I think so.
They're the cheesiest to me in my book.
Our listeners are kind of sedated tonight. I don't know what's going on.
I don't know what's going on.
Did you guys like put on a fire or something?
Like shut all the windows or something?
Let's go to another message.
Greetings Orange Lounge Radio.
This is L. Mullet with my thoughts on the passing of Captain Jack.
I really like Captain Jack's music.
played it ever since uh the second remix home version when two of his songs were used as preview
tracks and i remember captain jack fondly he had some of my favorite songs and i remember him
especially fondly because captain jack grand ballet mix was the first catastrophic level
song that i have ever passed which is really odd considering this step chart is incredibly
difficult to begin with.
And also, Dream of Dream was the first heavy song at Seven Stars that I ever triple-A'd.
In any case, Captain Jack was very fun, not only to listen to, but to look at through
his music videos.
If you wanted to know where all the white women were at, there they were.
And in any case, I will remember him with the greatest of memories, as it were, for
lack of better words than embarrassing myself on your new message line and it's
okay everybody else's I shall be playing his songs in memorance and thank you for
allowing me this forum to talk about Captain Jack thank you very much
everyone and goodbye where the white women gonna hang out now now the
Captain Jack's gone where all the white women gonna go they'll go hang out with
another gangster
i don't know i don't know in germany
wait what message i like that
wasn't from germany
no i don't use from germany but he was big in germany like hasselhoff
uh... was big in germany
baywatch dot d
let's go to another message here on the orange laundry or message line they were
going to open it up for live calls very soon
Hi, Aaron's on.
He's open to his goggles in the chat room.
Dream of Dream was one of the first songs I played in DDR.
And I guess it was always pretty kind of a special place
in my heart.
Oh, and then it hung up.
No, Dream of Dream is one of the awesome DDR songs.
We've got to play that at some point tonight, because Dream
Dream that's one of my favorite DDR songs as well didn't I play that like
when my first came up here and on like episode 37 or something and we went to
like Stockton and like they had like a fourth mix there or something and I
played it there possibly Dream of Dreams debut was on fourth mix and it's got a
really you know the riff is from Hall of the Mountain King which is you know one
of the you know doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo like classic songs I I do seem
to recall that we went out and played like fourth or fifth mix and probably that song
came up because it's an easy as hell seven-footer, but when I say easy, I mean fun. Like it was
like a very constant, you know, you can know the steps and a lot of people have fun with
it. If you're going to AAA heavy songs, Dream of Dreams is a good one to start off with.
What are you talking about? I still can't follow heavy arrows anyway.
Well, you know, it's a good song to warm up to. It's a good song to warm up to. All right,
We got one more message on the message line. Let's go to it.
This is Illusion.
When I found out Captain Jack died, I was surprised, but
I didn't think it would affect CDR much, because
I guess he got all his recordings out of the way.
But, yeah, I was surprised, and it was a
sad thing to hear, and I hope his family is doing
Yeah, of course, Captain Jack, his family, got to be taking this harder than anybody
in the scene is. Obviously, our thoughts go out to Captain Jack's family and the surviving
relatives. How many times was Captain Jack married? Only once? I'm not sure. I think
the lead singer of Captain Jack at one point, I know, I'm looking at extra for like he knows,
I think the lead singer of Captain Jack at one point was his wife, but there were like
four different women in Captain Jack at one point different different women I
think the first one was his wife at some point do you think they were all his
wives what no never mind okay he was in more women than they were oh shit all
right on that note let's go Skype I will take your calls on anything anything you
want to talk about within reason kids you can either call us the old-fashioned
way by loading up the Skype line, or you can give us a call on the telephone.
Of course, our brand new telephone number that you can give us a call on, it is area
code 9162269067, either way you want to do it there.
But of course, kids, ask your parents' permission before calling because it might be a toll
charge.
Kind of interesting, the first experiment there on the Orange Lake message line, I notice
some people's voices are very, very quiet, where some people are very, very loud.
Anyway, uh, let's go to a call.
Hello, Yarnorgen Launch Radio.
Hi, it's Sephiroth1215.
Hello, Sephiroth1215, what's on your mind?
Uh, first of all, yeah, sadly, Captain Jack died.
I actually had friends over when the news came up, and they really even played EDR, and even they were kinda...awing.
Because they recognized the pimpness of Captain Jack.
Surely, that guy had a ton of medals.
For a reason.
Anyway, I mean hopefully, I'm sure they would do something in UltraMix 3, but I don't even
know.
I don't think there's enough time for them to even put a little tribute in there.
It would be nice for them to say something like in the manual or something, but seeing
as the game is probably already on its way to the pressing mill before this news came
out, I wouldn't expect to see anything in UltraMix 3 regarding this.
Maybe this time next year when the new DDR games come out, assuming we're getting more
DDR games next year, but I don't see how we couldn't possibly be.
Maybe we'll see something in B-Mania, although I don't know about that, and the only way
I guess maybe we'd get that is if the race showed up as one of the five key songs.
But you never know what might happen over at Konami, so we'll see.
Now we might see something in DDR Strike, the Japanese DDR, because that still isn't
going to be coming out until early 2006, as far as we know.
So they have plenty of time to do something for Captain Jack if they want over there.
So we'll see.
Yeah, yeah, hopefully they will, but on the same note, I mean, I got to play the demo
of UltraMix 3, which, I mean, it, the demo actually was kind of broken, well, maybe it
was just a disk, but it froze up a lot for me, but otherwise it played just the same
as UltraMix 2, except for the bubbles, and that's it.
You know, from what I remember at E3, the game did play just like UltraMix 2 with maybe
some minor differences so I don't know but then again Ultramix 2 is one of the
better Bomani games they put out ever at the home so if it ain't broke don't fix
it right oh yeah yeah I'm sure it'd be fine it was just a demo test they got
yeah otherwise I saw an ad for it and I believe it even said in the in the chat
room that run DMC is going to be in there with walk this way really yeah
Where did we hear that? Was that on the podcast or something? I might have missed it.
No, it was just in the chatroom before, and they have it advertised in an ad in a magazine.
They just have the background for it.
Wow.
It was based on, like, they saw, there's a screenshot of a movie which looks like, you know, from the video.
Interesting. Well, that would be a very interesting, I mean, obviously this is looking like one of the more diverse mixes we've gotten, so something like that wouldn't surprise me at all.
Well, Mitty had said that 80% of the music that was going to be in UltraMix 3 is going to be new to DDR.
Good! Good news.
If you want the Japanese crossovers, go play Xtreme 2, or go buy a Japanese PlayStation.
Also, the ad said that there's a new website called MusicInEveryDirection.com.
I went to it today, but it's not even up yet.
and it also says coming soon to mobile
what DDR? yeah that's kinda weird
okay well it wouldn't surprise me I guess I mean they'd pump it up on mobile
overseas so
and you know what yeah Konami's been doing the mobile thing because I downloaded
Castlevania on a mobile phone which by the way sucked
but it was there and it was on a mobile phone
so it wouldn't surprise me if DDR shows up on mobile but
I don't really get the point because you can't dance but
whatever
yeah yeah whatever i guess
right on
otherwise
the demo also has a demo of castlevania
but i got really pissed off because that's the one demo that absolutely would not work on
there really
yeah oh i've got it i want to check out the castlevania demo though but it
doesn't work how does that how did that get by QA
it says there's
that it's not able to read disk
every time i try and do it
very interesting
The merit's coming out in two weeks anyways.
Yeah, but we want to play a free demo.
Whatever.
Free stuff rocks, I know.
Speaking of free stuff, Toys R Us now has a deal going on this week.
Or you could buy two
Xbox, PS2, or GameCube games and you get one free. Any of them.
Awesome. Buy two, get one free?
Yeah. Oh man, I just bought two games at Toys R Us last week.
bastards, they always do that shit after I shop there, oh well.
That's cool though, hey, I'm gonna have to go check that out. I imagine they're probably trying to clear the shelves to make way for an Xbox 360 setup.
Uh, but we'll see.
Uh, maybe.
Um, otherwise I, I guess that's it for me. Okay, sounds good, thanks for the call, and uh, take care, sub her up, okay?
Okay, you too.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio.
Hello? Hello? Yes. Hello?
It's Nintendo Maniac 64. How you doing Nintendo Maniac 64?
By the way, I was not high. I knew that was you that had called in earlier.
You tell me, though, how we're supposed to not think you're high because, you know,
you got the Dorito craven going on and you
you kind of have that voice on your message like,
Hey guys.
The phone, excuse me, it's not exactly the loudest thing.
I'm just messing with you.
I think we have like five bucks on that.
What is that? There's some noise in the background there that sounds like Christopher's car.
Like this is...
Eeeeee!
This is the laptop's fan.
Oh, okay. Cause the belt on Christopher's car is about to fall off or something, so every time he starts his car...
Like if we had a microphone cord that we could run outside,
we probably wouldn't even need to get it outside, we'd just get it to the door.
Seriously, every single time I start the car everybody thinks there's a fire going on somewhere.
I know when Christopher leaves for work in the morning,
because like he'll turn on his car and then
like you hear this really loud bell noise that
I'm sure wakes up all the neighbors. I need to announce when I leave.
X the fuck has left the building.
Excuse me.
Alright. There is a song that actually has like, pardon the lyrics though, like
let's wake up the neighbors or something.
I usually play that when you're playing.
I just
you know between you and me we kind of live in the ghetto as it is so I don't
want to have music wars around here because we will lose
uh... what else is on your mind
doritos
doritos coming out tomorrow
what's coming out tomorrow?
mario mix
oh yeah ddr mario mix oh hell the ddr i forgot all about
yeah ddr mario mix is coming out tomorrow and that's about all i have to say
no uh...
maybe i'll check it out but at the same time
it's it's easy in it
it's tb and i don't know i just i'd i'm not looking for to pay sixty dollars
for it
you know i mean
yeah i know
well i don't have a team to because i'm not rich and stuff
again afford many console
me neither my but i just i i uh...
i sell drugs no i'm kidding i'm kidding them ticketed yeah and i thought the
readers
no i i uh... i i have a day job where you know i i'd make decent decent money
and i'm not scared no i do not go for a ticket to tell struck by the national
restricted i thought as well just get it out that that's the none
at market
uh... none
kids that are in training to be none
uh...
but no i i have a day job and since we live in the ghetto my rent is a very
expensive so i i have leftover money to spend on things like
uh... the money games and uh... you know systems and drugs
yeah i'm getting go to the death drugs are for losers
unless you want to grow up and i can tell you something except i think it's
about it and it is for winners
there were a lot of users of high school
what was that
or the big fbi message is to show up at the beginning of all the capcom games
like final fight stuff
winners don't use drugs for the big fbi and it's like
do this is a video game when we what
they can you know if you see but the fact that
so i am being random
but i'd like you right yes
any other to any other thoughts mister nintendo maniac sixty-four we're going
to go
i think my parents
work next door that we can't look to each other
what we've been
that i'm really i can tell you stories it way really exchange did he say the
parents are next door
making one of each other
my parents are quickly
next-door my room
ticket do you are you hearing things
uh... not much it it's very mumbled
and like muffle would we be able to hear it if you put the phone next to the wall
now you wouldn't
you make a bad radio you have any pictures on the other kind of like
vibrating
uh... you know i don't care about guiding for that
mice you know i i i have story
oh well
i do have stories though
anywhere captain jack what i wanted to talk about the bitches i
the so i think i'm going to be in pain but he's going to come in
all right
now we definitely got to let you know that there is that have an aneurysm
okay yeah alright
have a good one
gave back by
let's go to another call
higher on or don't radio
Yes.
It is I, E.T.
Who?
Dark.
Oh hey, what's up? What's on your mind?
I don't know nothing, just thought I'd call.
It's the one and only Dark Tetsuya from our chat room, boys and girls. Yo, yo.
Hey, how's it going? Good, what's on your mind?
I don't know, just thought I'd
thought I'd call in.
Yeah, you're utilizing our new phone line, I can see, from the caller ID, so...
yeah
awesome you have a caller id on that yeah we have caller id on here so if we get crank callers
we know who you are we can star69 your ass we're gonna star69 your ass
well what's on your mind what was your reaction in the news about captain jack
uh... yeah
that was a total
surprise
yeah it was very sudden because he was so young obviously
oh yeah
you know my brother was a big fan of his
is your brother much of a DDR player?
yes
okay
okay very cool
uh...
so yeah I was kind of a bummer because it was very sudden and you know everything
and he kind of died young which is really too bad yeah I know
it sucks Exeter, it really sucks
and some people are really hurting Exeter
anyway
uh... what else is in your mind d t
any any cool games you play this week or tells about
extreme to extreme to how's that going to be a lot of fun job
i don't know i had to start over right
prepped over the park orange
all she said he took over the power car like a good like we have a lot
Yeah.
Oh no, that's the worst. Like when the game was saving or something?
Yeah, when it was
booting up.
Oh my god, I'm always afraid that that's going to happen to me,
like when it says do not pull out the memory card,
especially on those games that take forever to save to the memory card because the files are so
huge, like a game like Coldsept or something.
When the file's saving, I'm afraid that thunder's going to hit and then turn off my
PlayStation 2. That would be God's little joke on me,
Honestly. Hee hee hee, I erased your file. Hee hee hee, 27 hours on the game. Hee hee hee.
Hee hee, you're going to hell.
Alright, any other thoughts for us, DT, before we get onto another call?
No, that's about it. I did unlock a
Section D on the Dancemaster mode.
A which song?
So that's been kicking my ass.
Okay. So that's pretty much it.
Alrighty. Thank you for calling. Well, thanks for calling. Oh, yeah.
Alright. Yep.
Have a good one.
Bye.
Later.
Yep.
Our Skype line is screaming popular tonight.
Let's go to another call.
Hello?
You're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey.
This is Dark Knight.
Hey, Dark Knight.
What's up?
Yo, yo.
Hey, JK.
Hello, man.
Hey, what's up?
I thought I'd just pass along this for you about what I heard about Yahoo maybe trying
a little DDR themselves.
Yahoo is getting into DDR?
Yeah.
Yeah, apparently they put out, like, a little game from Wild Tangent and something like that, called, like, Dance-O-Matic or Dance Groove or something like that.
Aw, fuck. Isn't Wild Tangent-Loki, wasn't Wild Tangent the one that did Tap-A-Jam, or am I confusing that with somebody else?
You remember that Tap-A-Jam, the one that was, like, Beatmania, but it was all, like, classical songs?
Yeah, I think there was.
Was that them?
Wild Tangent does something-I think Wild Tangent actually just, like-
No, Wild Tangent does the shitty AOL games.
I thought they were just, it was just like some sort of, um, like a script package or something like that.
Devil work! That's what it is. Devil! Devil stuff!
No.
Yeah, anyway, I took a look at this game and everything, right?
Well, they do, like, bust a groove, but they also have, like, a little DDR mode as well mixed into it.
So it's... Oh, wait, I think I played... You know what? I think I played a game like this before.
Yeah, I think I pointed it out like a long time ago on AIM.
But it wasn't a Yahoo game, it was an AIM game.
No, yeah, it was an AIM game, but maybe they're like...
Licensing it out to Yahoo.
Yeah, exactly.
Maybe, okay, because that would make sense because if Wild Tangent did the AOL games...
Right.
Okay, okay, so this game is about to get a little bit bigger, it looks like.
Oh, brother.
Oh, goody, goody, goody.
Yay.
It looked weird.
I was like, wait, man, this is like Busted Groove.
Wait, man, it looks like CDR.
I suppose imitation is the finest form of flattery?
Very much. I mean, with the gallon there, the only problem is that
if you have a slow computer, of course the timing will be atrocious.
Oh, yeah. I remember, I seem to recall that, was that it was a very
slow game. Like, even on my computer, which is kind of, you know, it's nice,
it was kind of the slow running game. Not a very optimized game.
Yeah. But here's another weird story.
McDonald's might be, McDonald's will let Nintendo DS owners play their Wi-Fi servers.
I heard about this, the Wi-Fi at McDonald's. I mean, when I think about, here, let me think
about places I want to go play my DS. I don't think, oh, McD's. McDonald's was cool for
social gatherings when I was six years old and some kid would have their birthday party
there because their parents were poor and couldn't afford anything but a McDonald's
birthday party?
Exactly.
It's funny though.
It was like you get to be there and you have a Big Mac, an order of fries, and a Wi-Fi
connection.
Would you like to supersize your Wi-Fi?
Yes, I would.
Wow, that's going to be interesting.
So McDonald's is going to become the DS hotspot.
I believe I read that on Slashdot.
Yeah, I read that somewhere on the internet this week.
It's interesting.
I mean, it's weird how they send this all up.
Nintendo DS Wi-Fi opened up to everybody in the U.S. How about McDonald's now?
they built the cabinet for, you know, it had like a TV and a Nintendo 64 and stuff, so
you're right.
But one time, somebody said a Burger King had a DDR machine or something like that.
You know what?
Nothing surprises me.
Franchise owners can get away with a lot.
Yeah.
I figured McDonald's might get it first, but they did do like a little commercial with
it.
We'll see what happens.
It'll be interesting.
I'm curious to see what happens with the Nintendo Wi-Fi.
Because, you know, McDonald's has tried to do the social gathering thing before, but
more of a kid-oriented audience, but it's things like, okay, remember when they released
those 101 Dalmatian toys in the Happy Meals?
Yes.
Yeah.
And they would have like Tuesday trade night or whatever?
And sure, it was a bunch of little kids, but do you know who was really trading that stuff?
Their parents.
Their parents were trading those 101 Dalmatians.
It wasn't the kids, it was the damn parents.
Beanie Babies.
That's right.
Beanie Babies.
Beanie Babies.
Oh, yeah.
The McDonald's Beanie Babies.
Good God.
I used to work at McDonald's.
You used to work at McDonald's during that time, right?
all of them. Who would show up more at those Beanie Baby exchange nights, kids or the parents?
Soccer balls. Soccer balls.
Awesome.
That's all the news I got for you tonight. I should have some more in the coming weeks, but right now
those are like the two
major ones that are coming up. Hey, we appreciate you contributing positively to the show
unlike
Extover.
Bye, T.K.
i'd like that i have a good one
sorry extra for
that uh...
total silence
so that i call we don't have lighten up on them
or don't want to know that i don't want to know
you know
uh... hello
that i would like
well that kind of sad when i discovered captain jack was dead because the
The first time I played his song was Captain Jack 3rd Mix Grondale.
A lot of people's first songs?
Huh?
A lot of people's first Captain Jack song, definitely.
Yeah, and I just really liked the song.
And I liked it even better when I heard the full version because I just thought it was awesome.
And I was just wondering, could you please get Captain Jack Little Boy on there?
We will work in Captain Jack Little Boy on our next break, absolutely.
Bye.
Alright.
That was a pretty quick request there.
Play Little Boy.
Click.
We're fine.
Even if you're going to hang up and ditch, maybe I won't play it.
He just called ditched us.
He totally just called ditched us.
That's right.
We've been ditched.
I know this guy things new.
I'm surprised we don't get crank calls more on this program.
Because we have...
Don't say that.
People are actually going to do it now.
I scared them already because I told them we have ways of finding out who they are.
Hey, if you want to listen to my show tomorrow,
you can call Ditch Me. It's cool.
Alright, let's go to another call. Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange House Radio. Hey. Hi.
Is it actually working this time? It is actually working, I hear you loud and clear.
Who is this? This is Roz. Hi Roz, what's on your mind?
Um, not too much.
I just got home from a fun experience.
Ooh, fun experience, huh? Tell us more about it.
Yeah, I sat in church for an hour watching the bishop of the diocese say the rosary
and sitting next to an old lady who wouldn't stop clearing her throat.
You have a very strange definition of fun experience.
Okay, there you go. Thank you.
Don't lie to us. Don't lie to us. That was not a fun experience.
That was a, um, I think I want to crawl under the pew experience.
Yeah, yeah. Afterwards, I ran into the house and took a shower.
So, I'm good.
Loki sitting in the back there, by the way, going,
Now we're talking.
Pervert.
Oh, yeah. Fantasize.
Alright.
I encourage it.
Now I wonder why I associate with these, um, guys.
Uh, never mind.
Oh, come on, you know you like it.
To our credit, two of us, two of us are gay, you know.
It's okay, I can hang out with the women.
It's cool.
Alright, I like women.
I like women too.
They're fun to shop with, anyway.
And play around with.
Play around meaning shop with.
Yeah, yeah.
God.
Oh, now he changes it.
Anyway, let's let our caller talk a little more then.
Hello caller.
I'm hitting the chat and like everyone seems horribly surprised that I'm a girl.
You know what?
For some reason it's like this big thing like OMG a gamer girl.
Although like I thought that was like years old now.
There's plenty of gamer girls out there now.
Actually when I first walked into that chat room, are you a guy?
Uh, no.
Wow.
Well, there's plenty of girls that play video games of all types now, so...
And you have a super sounding voice, too.
I just thought I would say that. Jeez, don't look at me like that, Sky.
I'm just saying, I'm like, okay, if you want to pay the call, there's a compliment, not a problem.
It sounds like you would be a good addition to listening to my show starting tomorrow at seven o'clock PST.
He ain't too proud to beg.
Yeah, I'm all up in the East Coast, so, you know.
So, like, 10 o'clock?
She's gotta go to bed by the time your show comes on.
What do you have going on in the morning on Tuesday?
You know what? Stop berating the listeners, Extover. Stop it.
We need to talk serious here for a minute.
It's after primetime programming.
Extover, I will take your mic away.
Roz, I need to know your thoughts on Captain Jack.
You know, I had no idea until after I got home from the church and being coughed on by that old lady.
I came back, I checked the site, and I was like, holy shit, because I had no idea.
That was pretty much my reaction when I found that too, I was like, wow, that was kinda sudden.
Yeah, it's Captain Jack, that can't happen.
I know.
Captain Jack can't die.
I know.
Captain Jack I know but yeah I don't know it's it's too bad I don't know what
else yeah it really is okay Ross well thanks for the call and we're gonna get
let you go so we get to some more calls because our line is lighting up tonight
but thanks thanks for calling and they have a good I'm glad it worked this time
absolutely I'm glad to I'm glad to hear it all right take care Ross bye bye
Let's go to another call. One more, at least. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, this is GS-191 in the chat rooms. Hello, GS-191 in the chat rooms. What's up?
Not much. I just heard about Captain Jack just now, so I'm very, very shocked.
Amazing that people actually get their news from our show. I always thought that we were
the redundancy of the Internet, but no, that's interesting. But yeah, I'm sorry you had to
had to find out through our show. But what do you think? I mean, it's kind of sudden,
huh?
Yeah, I remember back in the really, really old days of, like, the third mix, Korean version
2.
Oh, yes. Oh, yes.
I did not...
Shit.
Yeah, you could tell it's the first time.
It's all right. You know what? It's just Internet radio. No one expects anything.
Yeah.
It's all good, man.
Look, if we can get a show, anything happens.
Yeah, if Xtoper can get a show, anything goes on the internet.
So feel safe.
Say anything.
Just relax.
Anything.
Yeah.
I remember playing the race on Third Mix,
and that was my first Captain Jack song.
And I loved it.
And when I got home, I frantically
tried to search for the long version, found it, and put it
on repeat in my CD player for a long, long time.
That's what a lot of people do with DDR music when they first play the game, it's like they...
You know, it's kind of like you can see the life of a DDR noob?
It's like they play the game, then they find that song they like, then they burn their first DDR CD,
and they listen to it over and over and over again in the car,
and then they're playing it to all their friends, like,
this is this really cheesy DDR music!
That was me, anyway.
As Angel turns bright red.
Because that's what Angel did, too. You know it, you know it, guys.
because the angel is...
angel.
Have you picked up any of the U.S. mixes that have songs in them so you can keep playing them?
Yeah, I picked up
EX-2 right after my birthday
and I've been playing it non-stop.
It's a great game, it really is.
Yeah, it's a great day. But I'm looking forward to UltraMix 3, it's going to be a heck of a fall
with the Bomani releases, I'm very excited.
oh yeah me too not just captain jack but the whole break if the myspace i'd be
our mix
pretty if you have my space makes it can be a fun time
dot heat
picture i won't burn in hell i know that there's always going to be one song on
the next is kinda like uh... it'll to make sure there was like a garage uh...
i mean seriously who the fuck with us on
so i want to go to heaven because i mean i'm already going to hell i don't want
to be
a good point
On that note, is there anything else you want to share with our visitors, GS-191?
Uh, no, not really. It's been great.
Well, thanks for the call.
Well, thank you. Alright, and thanks for listening, and uh... call back. Don't be a stranger.
Alright, sure. Take care. Bye. Later.
One more call? We're just lighting up a call tonight. This is crazy.
Getting this new phone number was probably the best thing we ever did. Hi, you're on Orson's Radio.
Hey, it's me, the legend, Zaku. Hey, Zaku, what's up?
Yeah, I finally got through the phone after trying to hammer Skype through my PC.
Zaku, we've been hammered all night long. It's crazy. What's up?
Yeah, obviously you want my reaction to Captain Jack's death.
Sure.
It's a shame. I was pretty much shocked as soon as I came home that night and just found out through DDRFreak.
I mean, this pretty much hit us quickly, you know.
All these events happen within a matter of a week.
Monday, he collapses, and then a few days later, he loses his battle to survive.
Well, unfortunately, Zaku, it was a second stroke, unfortunately.
Not that that obviously makes it any better, but strokes are sudden things.
They're not something you have a chance to prepare for, like certain types of cancer
and things like that, you know, so it's really unfortunate how it went down.
I agree.
I'm putting up a link right now in the chatroom that I managed to find from a threading Bobani
style about the U.S. version of Beatmania.
It involves DV games again.
They managed to get the date right, but the pricing you might want to take a look at.
Okay, so Zaku posts a link in our chatroom which is available at OrangeLawnRadio.com
Click on chat and he wants me to take a look at this and check out what's going on on EBGames.com
Wow! Okay, so they're going to ship BeatMania for the PS2 and it's saying March 1st, 2006
$49.99 is the price. Oh, that's interesting though because...
Well, that's double.
Wait a minute. $49.99 for the game and $49.99 for the bundle?
Yes, I was saying the same shit too. How could Konami, you know, I thought they were going to charge like 60 or 70 for that game.
Where they're pretty much gonna, they're pretty much shooting themselves in the foot when they're letting folks get away with a 50 dollar game.
for January and February. We have about 24 of them. Okay, March, we have two. So, I'm
going to tell you this much. They don't have any info when it's coming out yet because
we haven't even gotten any info when that's just coming out, let alone other stuff. There's
stuff getting announced left and right we have no dates for, so it doesn't matter.
It is an interesting discovery, but I don't think it holds any weight.
It's just like a date for Halo 3. I mean, no one knows when that's coming out. They
just put it on there saying, take pre-orders.
Exactly.
Besides that, basically by the time I called you last night, Digital Life was over, but I didn't manage to get the results of the last few tournaments.
What happened with the rest of Digital Life?
One of the, this cat I know who played DVR managed to win like, he managed to win two
grand.
One of the players from within, from within New York City.
Very cool, congratulations.
If you had a free New York thread, you would know, you know.
But so far, I mean, it was a sort of, you know, Sunday was probably the worst day you
went, and I know people learn their lessons well.
The only good days are the ones that they hold freestyle in.
Keep that in mind, folks.
Well, if I go to Additional Life next year, I'll keep that in mind, that Sunday is not
the day for me to be there.
I'll take my flight home on Sunday next year.
Next year is going to be four days.
I'm assuming that the first day is going to be a free-play event, and then the next three
days is going to be the tournament.
If I go to Additional Life next year, though, it ain't going to be just for the tournament.
I want to take it all in.
So, of course I'll go to the tournament, but you know.
Yeah.
Now you know, now you know that it's in the middle of October next year.
And knowing is half the battle.
Yeah, it's GBI Joe.
Alright, anything else you want to share with our listeners, Zaku?
I gotta get some more calls because we've got people hammering us.
Yeah, that's about it, man.
I already showed you.
Well, have a good one. Thanks for the call, Zaku.
Goodbye.
Alright.
Later.
We gotta get some more calls.
Hi, you're on Orange House Radio.
Hey, what's up? It's DJ Rama S.
Hello, DJ Rama S. What's on your mind?
Not much. I just wanted to say a couple things about the captain.
You cosplayed the captain, didn't you?
No, but I'm planning on it.
Oh, I thought you said you would cosplay him at one point.
No, I said I plan to. Hopefully, maybe Captain Con next year.
My bad, my bad.
Well, prepare to be surrounded by white women, because that's what happens with Captain Jack.
So...
Hey, I love it.
Which is why he told me on...
nevermind i'm not exactly why am i
mother not close up anyway doesn't matter we obviously we're just getting
you know joking around with a tough like that obviously you know it's all about
peaches people hot bitches of all types
self actually we have every when he told me i thought it you know i was like
somebody was playing a joke i was just like
are you sure he's a pretty sure and i'm like are you sure where the captain jack
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
When he was actually in the hospital and stuff, we didn't know.
Oh, yeah.
Well, yeah, because the only site that was really reporting on it was like an obscure...
Well, it was MSM, but it was in Germany because it was the only country where Captain Jack
was really charting on the charts, so no other news services picked it up.
Right.
Anyway.
Thank you for telling me.
Yeah.
I appreciate that.
Hey, no problem.
So anything else you want to share about the whole Captain Jack thing?
Yeah, a couple of things.
One thing Captain Jack, it means a lot to me because at an amazement I did a walk on
his naval Barrett to End the Navy, which is one of my personal favorite songs.
So it kind of tore my heart a bit to hear that news, so yeah.
I know.
It's like one of those things where you don't want to say, oh my gosh, I'm getting depressed
over a DDR artist passing away.
But at the same time, it's like, you know, the circumstance and the fact that he was
just a fun party guy and died at a young age, just kind of makes you go, life sucks. Life
sucks.
I was just going to say, everybody that calls in, they have a memory of some song that they've
heard before, that obviously this guy was a strong presence for you all when you guys
started getting into DDR, so that is sad.
Wow, you said something profound on this show.
I did. I can be profound.
fuck somebody knows the date and time no you you're absolutely right I think a
lot of time presses because because Captain Jack is so he's got such a
strong personality and the songs are very unique like him or not you know a
Captain Jack song when you hear it because it sounds like somebody's
parking orders at you and people remember that with DDR and people have
such fond memories about DDR and playing DDR with their friends kind of like how
they were saying in the opening of the the show when you know only you
Everybody would get down and, you know, throw all your hands up, hands up, and everybody would do it, and like, everybody did the same stupid little dance to that, you know, and it's...
You associate all that, I guess, with Captain Jack, the fact that, you know, those bonding times that you had playing DDR, so...
Xtavor, you're right.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Sorry, Ronma, I didn't mean to...
It's okay.
Anything else you want to share?
Yeah, two things before I go. Another reason why Captain Jack needs something to me, I'm going to post this link. Someone YTMND, as Taylor Barrett, and if you click on you here in the Navy.
I'm afraid to bring that up because YTMND-
It's a good one. I know a good one, seriously.
But my computer doesn't like YTMND, so I don't know if I can pull it up, but go, chat room, go for it.
And right here, standing in front of my computer, I have a can of Budweiser. Crack it one open for the captain.
Poor a 40 for me!
Damn, I'm not that ghetto, son!
I am!
Oh, if it's like that, you could have a good ol' time at CatDoo!
Hell yeah, hell yeah. Maybe I should cosplay as the captain.
Um...no.
I know some single gay guys.
Me too. Yeah, but that don't mean nothing. Anyway, I'm gonna let you go before this conversation gets ugly.
Alright. Alright, have a good one. Peace out. Later. Peace.
And me surrounded by, uh, hot people. No, I'm just kidding. Anyway, let's get to it.
One more call. I keep saying that, but I keep saying all these, I keep seeing all these names that have been hammering us.
We need to shut them off. What? No, I've been, I've been seeing all these names, like, hammering us all night long, and I, I know that people want to say stuff about the captain, so I feel an obligation to get to all these calls.
So this is the last one for now.
Hi, you're on Arizona Radio.
Oh wow, I'm the last one. I feel privileged.
Our test is J100M.
Well, I see you've been hammering us for like 30 minutes, so I feel bad for you.
So I want to know what you threw. What's up?
Yeah, I'm pretty pathetic.
It's all good. We appreciate it.
No, nothing. I just found out the bad news about Captain Jack
after coming back from seeing Doom.
So that's two bad things in a row.
Oh shit, you know things come in threes too, so brace yourself. Well, you're listening to this program, I suppose.
And warts, who knows?
Don't have sex in the next 24 hours, because you're bound to catch something. Bad things come in threes, so be careful.
Well yeah, well I'm about to go play the new Budokai Tenkaichi with my roommate after this.
gonna blow up your console
or i'll get raped but
either way what are your thoughts on captain jack
uh...
uh... i'm just disappointed i'm not gonna hear uh... any new songs
from any any more on any of the new DDRs but
i don't know
maybe he's like Tupac and he has like a bunch of songs that haven't been released
yeah you never know
maybe still alive somewhere. Maybe the whole damn thing is a conspiracy.
They'll find him in Mexico.
Yeah, Mexico,
Canada. I can see the hate mail coming in right now towards Longoria.
Anything else on your mind?
Nope, other than
Doom was a disappointment.
Was that first person stuff as stupid as it looked in the preview?
Well, to tell you the truth, they only really had it for about
two to five minutes of the uh... the last part of the movie. Really?
That still seems like a long time. Five minutes is a goddamn long time. I thought it was gonna be, well seriously though, the way that they hyped it up, it was supposed to be like the big thing in the movie.
Well thank god because that shit looked cheesy.
It did, but you know... Yeah, it was cheesy.
And they did not have, somebody in chat, I don't know if it was you or somebody else, I just saw it fly by in the chatroom earlier,
said that the flying eyeballs are not in the movie.
Yeah, yeah I said that. That's bullshit.
I was expecting flaming skulls and
skeletons with rocket launches on their shoulders.
I think it was Roger Ebert that said that the best thing in the film was like the
beginning universal logo.
Like there was some big thing that they did at the beginning.
Like was that the best thing in the film?
No, you know they had a couple of
subtle things in the movie.
The best thing about Doom will probably be the trailer for Harry Potter
We have time. And try not to kill yourself on the way out, Extrofer.
Alright, anyway, um, let's go to a break. Damn, I need a break.
And I promised somebody we could hear Little Boy, so we're gonna play that song
from DDR Max 2, and when we come back
we will probably get into the cage match and talk about some other stuff as well.
So, let's go to a break. I know that
microphone is being awful.
It was, it was left on for some reason.
Alright, we're gonna play this, it's the, it's actually the full version of Little Boy.
play that in a couple other little Captain Jack songs and we'll be back
after this
Dream on, dream on, make my day You will find a better way
Dream on and you'll realize That one day you'll pay the price
Keep on going till tomorrow You will find there is no tomorrow
Keep on dreaming of this toy You can use my little boy
Dream on my list, boy, dream on my list, boy Dream on my list, boy, go out and have some joy
List, boy, dream on my list, boy Dream on my list, boy, go out and have some joy
If you do it on my way,
I give honors that you follow
Come with me until tomorrow
I'm your captain and your jaw
You can use my little boy
Dream of my little boy
Dream of my little boy
Dream of my little boy
Go out and have some joy
Little boy
Dream of my little boy
Dream of my little boy
Hey, little boy, do you think you'll miss her, right?
She still wants to choose a man, the only one she wants to be
Realize reality, you're not Mr. Right
Running on that subway seat alone
I'm waiting for a loving man to come
Looking for a love to stay
Listen what I gotta say
Oh
But I need
My black boy, you're black boy I'm gonna take you back on fire
Be like my old trappin' fiend Like your idol, I'm sayin'
It's my mind, you're like a machine Take a moment, be my friend
Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye
Singing this song, Captain Jack
Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye
All your lives are kept in the back
Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye, Aye
No matter what goes on, every one of us better set us in From the bottom level to the top of the top of the top
S kick you gotta get a shot inside
No matter what
I never told ya that it isn't work
I really comparing
A board that is something we all know
Dadada Lila
Liara Liara
Hi Ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
It's brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Listen, frog!
Hi-ya!
I love the Muppets.
Anyway, we're back on Orange Moms Radio.
In that break, you heard Captain Jack with Little Boy, the original.
And oh my gosh, the chat room freaked out because I wasn't playing the remix that's in DDR.
was the original, but it gives you guys a chance to hear maybe something you haven't
heard before.
Imagine that.
Iko Iko from Dance Mania 21 and Dancing Pompocolin from DDR Fifth Mix.
Good times.
And did you notice, Extafur, I'm sure you noticed the lyrics in Iko Iko, did you hear
Set Your Fag on Fire?
I did.
Because you pointed it out.
Yes, at Captain Jack's request, we will be setting Extafur on fire at the end of the
show.
How funny.
We're going to set our fag on fire.
All right, um, anyway, we're going to go over to Loki.
Loki's actually got some, um, Bahmani-related news going on.
Uh, something about, what's this, something, somebody's doing a homebrew thingy?
Yeah, I was looking for that, because I can't, I don't see it.
It was there, but it's gone.
Someone, of course, making games for the PSP, and the one that they had on there, which
I can't find for the life of me, is called Button Master Revolution. It's like DDR, but,
you know, not. And I can't find any info on it because the fucking links are gone, so
fuck them for updating their stupid website and not having, like most websites do, a news
archive where you can go to the next page, the next page, the next page. No! We're too
good for that. So fucking A, but... Yeah, it was really cool-looking. I wish I could
talk more about it, but I can't find the goddamn link, so... Yay! So we'll go... Holy...
Live radio, boys and girls. Hey, I got Bahmani-related news. Go ahead. Okay, I just remembered this,
because something that was just said in the chat room reminded me of this. You know they
They showed a little preview of the new Madonna video for Hung Up, the super gay gay gay gay
gay gay song that's coming out very soon.
They showed a little preview of the video on Total Request Live and somebody put it
on the internet.
Well, get this.
Frickin' DDR's in the video.
Should I show this in the little?
I'll even post this link in the chat room.
I'm going to post a link to the little video clip that they have and I'll play it in studio
and see what you guys think here about this clip of Hung Up.
actually I guess it's not really DDR but it's actually dancing stage fusion but
you know DDR it's still DDR a TDR under a different name but you know Madonna
she's got to be so British I is she denounced her American ship yet or is
she I don't know American citizenship whatever you call it cuz you know she's
called be so British let's see here we go I'm gonna play this and then I'll
post this link in the chat room for you guys as well so you can check this out
this is a clip of Madonna's new and it's got a video and I can't play it in
Firefox I have to open up Internet Explorer because um Firefox won't play
that clip but I want to play it for you guys in studio and here we go again
that's posted in our chat room at orange launch radio comm click on chat and here
So here it is for us in the studio.
Yeah, so you can see, what was Madonna doing at the end of the clip there?
She's like doing that rolling in the dough thing on the DDR machine.
She's really getting down on that machine, and she's kind of surrounded by her dancers,
so DDR is making it into the mainstream, that's for sure.
Madonna bugs me.
What?
And you're gay!
I know, I can't stand...
I've never really liked her, except for with the exception of her Oh Father video, but
I don't know, just something about her, she's just pretentious.
So has DDR officially jumped the shark with this or something?
I don't know. I mean, I can't stand the song. I think the song absolutely sucks.
That's what you said when I played it the other day.
I did not say that I liked that song.
You didn't say you liked it, but you said it wasn't that bad.
I didn't say anything about it, I don't think.
I don't even like the ABBA original.
Everybody hating me now because I just said that.
No, I don't. It's fine.
But DDR in the video? Good thing or bad thing for DDR?
I mean, that's cool and everything. Madonna, obviously, is huge.
By her having the video game in her video, that's a big deal.
Just me, a personal thing, I don't like her.
What do you think, Loki, as a straight guy, who, as this Madonna doing an Abba thing must
be very very very gay and now to see DDR in the video makes it gay gay what do
you think I think she's just trying to you know throw as much pop culture
references in there you know to she's insane just like you know freaking Tom
Cruise okay they're all lumped together freaking crazy ass people you know what
the last thing I'd be doing once I got lots of money would be going insane it's
I have lots of money to buy stuff. No, I think I'll go insane instead.
Let's just denounce everything. Let's be as whacked out crazy as possible.
Let's become Jewish, and then Catholic, and then Jewish, and then Catholic, and then Jewish, and then Catholic.
And then Kambala. And Scientologist.
Yeah, so, you know, Esther can go fuck my ass.
Stupid Esther. I like Madonna.
I don't like Ugo over Madonna, but you know, she's cool. I respect what she's doing.
Esther I mean you've got to respect Madonna's freestyle though in the video
because she's looking away from the screen so I give her points for that
somebody in the chair who says OMG Madonna is triple-aing paranoia survivor
max only s4r you guys are nerds and making a music video at the same time
angel DDR in a Madonna video good good for DDR or bad news I don't know I guess
I guess it's okay, but it's Madonna, right?
No.
Nobody heard that.
You gotta talk in the microphone if you wanna talk around here.
If she's gonna do a DDR video, she should've done a live version of her
Like A Virgin where she like, humped the stage. You know, the dancing stage.
Okay. And on that note, Skye.
Loki, do you have anything else going on in the DDR world you want to share?
Didn't the new website open up or something, speaking of gay?
Yeah, the Ultramix 3 website
was launched and they changed the freaking logo on us
to something that's super duper gay-tastic
So what's the logo look like now? Well, let me just pull it up for you
since that's what I do nowadays
And actually what I'll do is it's really bad it basically it's kind of this party
theme with a giant friggin rainbow going through it so yeah basically here it is
right here okay be afraid it's giant rainbow as it's
revolution rainbow tastic hey Emmys got her outfit from the graduation video I
I don't make a lot of fanboys happy because that skirt is very short.
Slut Emmy would have been better.
But anyways.
There it is.
UltraMix 3 with its stupid Rainbowtastic stuff.
Yeah.
Interesting.
So that was really lame.
But they did have, um...
There's some screenshots on there which, you know, sort of, you know...
That's where we got all the, um...
You know, new songs that were coming out and stuff.
Because they had a background for, you know, Brilliant Red and all that stuff, so.
But you can always check back for the Song of the Week, they've got new stuff.
They had Moment 40 on there from the VRare for the Song of the Week, and then of course
next week will be something better, so.
Hung up by Madonna to match the theme, you think?
Maybe a secret license in Ultramix 3?
I don't know about that, but...
Alright.
Let's get into the Orange Zones Radio Cage Match tonight, shall we boys and girls?
It is about that time.
The way the cage match works is a reminder, we're going to play three songs for you guys. You kids get to vote for your favorite song, but you have to be in the chat room to vote.
You do, or else you're going to lose.
Anyway, so we're going to do the chat room tonight, three songs in the cage match.
You only get to hear a clip of last week's winner though,
because you already heard it last week.
And it actually won two weeks in a row now, so it's going for its third win.
The group is called Pendulum, and the song is called Hold Your Color.
And it's song number one you can vote for in tonight's cage match, so get ready.
Here comes the clip of song number one, Pendulum with Hold Your Color.
When they take everything away Hold your colors against the wall
When they take everything away
I want you just to get away
I keep looking into your eyes
So I laid the name, try to make a sound
The circle is gonna reach, reaching out and to see you
Nothing else can touch me
So can't turn around to come
Alright, that was song number one
last week's winner pendulum withhold your color
alright we're gonna get into song number two tonight and song number two comes to
us courtesy
of Loki what did you pick for us tonight
I picked as I promised last week
I picked pendulum again
there's no rules about this
this is slam by pendulum
I was gonna edit in the intro but then I realized that the song would be too long
As a reminder, last week, Loki was pissed that Pendulum won, so he decided to put another Pendulum song in.
It lost! So he's doing it again!
So?
I'm gonna make a rule. We're gonna make a rule. Jamie and I are gonna get together and make a rule and outvote your ass.
Like, no more Pendulum and Cage Match ever, or something, and then Shane will be mad at you because it'll be your fault.
It's not gonna be my fault.
It'll be your fault.
That's fine, I'll just put other- I'll put girls in again.
Aw, shit. Alright.
here it is song number two in tonight's cage match pendulum with slam
But tonight
On this small planet
Is this bass really strung up?
We're a maroon on a small island In an endless sea
Confined to a Chinese bit of fear, unable to escape.
But you know it, it's heavy stuff
and
song number two in tonight's cage match pendulum with slam let's see
uh... was that song slamming or do you want to slam that song into the ground
loki
in the ten because you can drive with that song really loud on your radio
it's all has a lot of bass in it
Angel.
Um, that makes me want to like, go kill Alliance now or something.
Sorry to lose it by Alliance, but um, God, this thing doesn't sound like it's on.
Huh!
It's on.
Okay.
No.
Um.
Ah hell.
Save it.
I got bored.
Three.
Extra room.
Um, I kind of got bored too.
Um, but Loki did make a good point that this would be a good song to blast out here at Harvard.
Yeah, if you want to put the other people on the road to sleep.
Well, unless, you don't knock it till you've tried it.
Okay.
Alright, so I give it an 8 for that.
Alright.
Remember, it's not our thoughts that count, it's yours. You have the final say.
Here's song number 3 in tonight's Cage Match.
even though the lovely dark soccer is not here tonight she was kind enough to
provide this song for you guys it's song number three her song tonight it's an
artist that was in DDR USA but I should say DDR USA I should say DDR
extreme USA it's junior senior remember them they did move your feet this is
another song by them it's called shake your coconuts so get ready to shake your
coconuts to this song. It's song number three in tonight's skating match. Enjoy.
Hands in the air
Hey boys and girls, we want to see what you've got
We wanna see you shaking coconut
We'll get up to speak some music
We'll get down to present time
Alright, song number three in tonight's cage match, junior-senior with Shake Your Coconuts.
Did you shake your coconuts?
Or was that song just nuts?
I don't know.
Loki.
Get Loki and Mike.
That was lame.
That was really lame.
That was awful lame.
It kids of four.
Angel.
It was okay.
I don't mind that song, but, um, no, six-and-a-half.
Ex-defirm.
Forgive me for saying this, but I felt like busting a nut.
God damn it, I hate you!
They said shake your coconut till the nut comes out or something like that.
I think so, yes.
That's pretty foul. I give it, like I said, for that.
But vote for song 2, because we don't want song 1 to win, because I'm behind Loki's whole team here.
Holy shit up.
I thought that song was awesome, you know why? Because it wasn't Pendulum, so therefore it gets an 8 automatically, because it was awesome for not being Pendulum.
I don't think 8 really translates to Awesome Log.
It's not Orgasmic.
No, no, no, I don't think it really does.
Shut up.
Orgasmic could be 11.
Shut up.
Let's recap the songs you can vote for in tonight's cage match.
Song number one is Pendulum with Hold Your Color.
It's last week's winner.
And song number two you can vote for in tonight's cage match is Slam.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Junior Senior with Shake Yo' Coconuts.
Please vote now, send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote, and we'll
let you know who won.
Remember, it's not up to us.
We're just big idiots on the-
We're like American Idol judges.
Yeah, kind of, and it really isn't up to us.
You would be Paula Abdul.
I'm not Paula Abdul.
You're totally the Paula Abdul.
I'm Randy. Dog.
What up, dog? What up, dog? What's up, dog pound? I can't stand that fucking show
right now. You watch it every year! I know, and the thing is it's just like TV crack.
You know, it's like
you have to watch something that's kind of a guilty pleasure
that you can't stand, but you watch it anyway.
Kind of like Jerry Springer.
Ringmaster was on TV today. I had to watch it.
It was some of it.
because I actually saw Ringmaster in the theater the day it opened
four people in the theater
me and my roommate at the time and some other schmoes
was that Loki? no it wasn't Loki, no it was, Ringmaster opened up like when I was in college
it was years ago
years ago yeah I never saw it
I never saw it. Jerry Springer is still on the show
you still got a show yeah so does Maury
That's Maury. Why? I don't know. Who watches Maury?
Maury's got a very, it's got a very fine schedule to it too. It's like Mondays
is I don't believe you my baby daddy.
Day two is send my kids to boot camp.
Day three is my baby fat.
Day four would be I know I'm fat but I'm gorgeous.
How many times have you accidentally found yourself channel surfing and
The channel lands on Maury Povich, and it's about their baby being fat.
It's like, dude, stop feeding your kid!
Like, shit!
And we're supposed to feel sympathy. The mom's like,
I don't know what to do! Fuck, bitch, stop feeding your kid!
I suppose we should get
into the- do you have a movie review for us tonight, Ecstifer? I forgot to ask.
Christopher, I forgot to mention, our work, because, you know, I worked at a video distributor,
Wednesday we get, in our theater, we get to watch Serenity. So, for free. And we get pizza!
That is double awesome! Well, I hope you enjoy it.
And, you know, seeing Serenity for free is about the only way people are seeing it these
days, apparently, because the movie's not making any money right now.
That is very funny to you, isn't it?
Statistic bitch.
No, but I saw it for free, actually, a couple months ago, maybe, a month and a half, and
it was really good free, but it was also good when I paid money, so, you know.
Yeah.
All right.
Are you going to do a movie review for us tonight?
Sure.
I'll think up a movie review.
I haven't seen really any movies this week, so I'll think up one.
please don't play the game music
so you know if you're going to be later my family's been watching desperate
housewives of god
she's jumped on that thing going on
everybody pity me
next thing you know it's gonna be lost to
like this bitch watches every week we have the season one box that it's in my
pile of stuff that's going to be returned to games up for games
Yeah, we have lost, and she wants to watch that too. I'm like, noooo.
Um, we need to get to your sim update, Loki. What's going on in the sim scene?
Okay, okay, I actually do have the story now about that stupid Button Mash Revolution thing.
Um, finally found it because, you know, PSP updates hide their shit.
Anyways, it's this game called Button Mash Revolution version 1. It's for the PSP.
You can only run it if you have a version 1.5, um, firmware.
And basically, it's like DDR except you use your buttons, there are no arrows instead,
there are the four corresponding buttons that are on the PSP, and there's music in it, and
someone made it in Lua.
So I don't really know what kind of music is in it, because I haven't downloaded it
yet, but it looks kind of fun, so if you're looking for something to waste some space
in your memory card, check it out at pspupdates.com.
You're going to have to actually, it's going to be tough to find, but it's Button Mash
Revolution version 1. And that's one thing. The other thing that's worth mentioning is
actually a game that's kind of on the internet right now. It's made by the creators of Easy
to DJ and it's called DJ Max. Now they have DJ Max Portable which is coming to the PSP
in December and it's actually very similar to Beatmania. Very similar to Beatmania. So
So this is definitely going to be one I'm going to be checking out as soon as it comes
out.
But they do have some screenshots.
It looks amazing so far.
Just be really awesome to see some more music games coming to the PSP.
And if you want to check out the website, I believe it's djmaxx.com, but I'm not positive.
Just search for DJ Maxx and I'm sure you'll find it.
other than that, really, um, I don't think there's too much else going on in the sim scene.
I haven't been really paying attention to the sim scene because
nothing really interesting has been going on for me.
You know, tournaments and stuff, just like, eh, don't care.
Well, I'm glad you're, um,
a faithful reporter in the sim industry. There's really nothing going on, honestly, I mean,
I'm sure if Mysore had their sim section up, they'd be more crappy remixes of
Max, but unfortunately I can't report on that because there is no sim section anymore. I
do know of a new torrent site that came up though that has some stuff on it, but yeah.
That's about it. I'm more interested in checking out Ultramix 3 when that comes out in a couple
weeks. This was all my 360 games becoming at the same time.
I know, I gotta save my money for the 360. I'm not looking forward to spending that kind
of money, but what can you do?
I'm gonna be getting my controllers. I've got about four games lined up, just, you know, with all the store credit I've, you know, earned in the last few months, and just fun stuff like that.
And hopefully, because not all that stuff's first party, hopefully I can hit up some of our publishers and go, hey, can you send me a free copy? Hey, come on.
Xbox Live, they're taking it down for a day to do some, like, adjustments or something. So, are they gonna have the Xbox 360, like, interface on the regular Xbox or something?
Xbox or something?
I don't know.
Well, they're taking down Live because they're updating everything.
They're going to actually have a website now where you can download all your stats and
everything on Live and people can actually view all that stuff, what games you're playing,
what accomplishments you've done.
They've been announcing more stuff for the Xbox Live Arcade, the new one being Tetris
is now on there because Tetris is on every system on the man, and just lots of cool stuff
they're doing for Live.
I'm hoping that they're not using the same gamer tags, though, because I really want
and they're like, first thing to get Loki, but...
Yeah, I'm wondering if they're going to carry the gamertags over, because...
I don't think... I wouldn't think so, but... It would be interesting if they did. They might, who knows?
Yeah, I think they would have to for the backwards compatibility thing. I think they'd have to.
Maybe. Well, that's okay. I have a backup name just in case, so... What's that?
I can't say, because someone's going to steal it.
Oh, okay.
It's not too far from, you know, the name I go by, but...
like super Loki? Loki6969 slide?
No. Don't say my frickin' World of Warcraft name on error.
Or, um, you know, close enough. He doesn't have a mic, it doesn't matter.
This is a good thing.
Okay, um,
let's get to Extrovert's movie review before we get to a break.
You don't have a movie yet? Okay, fine, we'll have to go to a break.
We are going to play some other music this break, because we have been doing Captain Jack most of the night, but we want to work in some other stuff.
I've actually had a few requests for some other songs some folks want to hear tonight, so I want to get to some of those.
So I think we'll do a little bit of 2DX music this break, and we'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to get into the FUs of the week, and if we're feeling like it, maybe a little bit of Ask Orange Lounge, if you're lucky.
We'll be back after this with more Orange Launch Video.
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah You must be, you must be, you must be
You know they mean the best of my balls
Two chicks a-nakin' with the beef
Two chicks a-nakin' with the beef
You're gonna make me feel like you're not even free
Don't make me feel that you're loving me now
Wherever I want to go
I must be there to say
You
Yay!
I'm burning up for you, I'm burning up for you
I'm gonna be my masterful but I need you to be with you
To make a sky more than a moon
Hey, I know that I'm losing you tonight
I want something else
I'm trying to get through
I'm burning up for you, I'm burning up for you
I'm burning every time that I look at you
I'm burning up for you, I'm burning up for you
I don't know anybody the way I do
So uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
the
alone
we're back here on orange lounge radio
just having ourselves a good old time on this sunday evening thank you for
deciding to tune in and listen to us we appreciate it
although i'm kinda tired today i'm just like uh...
kind of uh... sluggish i know it's a lazy sunday
of course we were up like totally late last night
And I've been doing a little drinking so maybe I didn't I watch to drink though
Maybe I have a little bit of a hangover. Maybe a little bit a little bit
We'll see um so I guess now is the part of the show where
I'm not going to do extra first movie review. Oh
Because I want to tell you guys who won tonight's cage match
Okay, which is certainly something we need to hear about
So the winner of tonight's cage match it was one vote deciding things tonight
you guys. It was a very, very close cage match, except for song number two, which got like
no votes. But the winning song by one vote in tonight's cage match is...
Tensellum, Hold Your Color. For the third week in a row next week, it goes for retirement.
If it is the winner next week, it will be retired and will be the first song to be retired
in quite a while. I think we had a song get retired by default, but I don't even remember
because we missed two shows, and so it kind of held over for four weeks. I want to say
it was something from Wangan or something. I don't remember, though. I think it was one
of Dark Soccer's songs. Maybe one of the people in chat remembers. Anyway, what we're going
to do now is we're going to get into Extrofer's movie review. Extrofer!
Hello. It's time for your movie reveal. Oh my god.
Play anything. Even the Madonna song. It's okay.
Okay. No. Okay. I spoke out of... I didn't mean to say that.
And I'm starting the review. You can't play the song now.
Okay. What are you going to be reviewing?
The movie I'm reviewing this week is Sphere.
Remember that movie, Terror Can Fill Any Space?
No.
Oh.
Well, that's what it says on the box art of Sphere, and it's from the best-selling author
of Jurassic Park and The Lost World, otherwise known as Michael Crichton.
Little info on some critics here.
Janet Maslin from the New York Times called it rich in techno terror, a solid thriller
directed with sustained tension. I'm not sure what Techno Terror is.
Well, I wasn't sure until I read that and I noticed it was on the back of this
case for Sphere. So I guess Sphere would be called Techno Terror.
Anyways, so I think Sphere was okay. I mean, it wasn't great, but if you want
to see Queen Latifah get killed by Jellyfish, then I guess that would be the
movie to watch like you know her getting killed by jellyfish Rob do you have
anything add to that from getting eaten by jellyfish to Pizza Hut commercials
yeah basically the movie the premise of the movie is that everybody's fears
manifest themselves and they're down and they're down under like deep deep deep
and you know and to the ocean or water or whatever and basically like people
get killed by their own fears, basically, and Queen Latifah is...
Hey, Exteror, can you hold on a minute?
Sorry, I'm rocking out a little bit.
Of course you are.
Okay, sorry, go ahead.
So, I'm sorry, I just got stupid just then, because you played that song.
No, so the movie basically is really average.
I would give it a thumb sideways because, you know, I'd give it an apathetic thumb anywhere
because I don't really care.
And you know, again, Queen Latifah died from jellyfish in it.
Again, I'd like to reiterate, she died from jellyfish, she was like, oh my God, I got
killed by some damn jellyfish.
Oh my God, I got to do Pizza Hut commercials and I have to do bringing down the house with
Steve Martin in a few years. I can't die from them damn jellyfish?
And don't forget Chicago.
Chicago too!
When you're good to momma, momma's good to you, remember?
That's right.
She said...
Damn... God damn jellyfish.
No, the jellyfish, that was really funny.
And she's like, she acts really scared in it. It's great.
That's the best scene in the movie.
Ooh, Queen Latifah getting eaten by jellyfish.
Yeah, being eaten by jellyfish.
So...
So, Spierer gets his apathetic thumb, but Queen Latifah getting eaten by jellyfish is what I'm saying.
That is really the high point of the movie. It's really kind of at the beginning, so I would recommend that part.
So, I'm glad you listened to my little, you know, segment here. It was so interesting.
Listen tomorrow. It's my new show.
I'm rocking out. I'm rocking out. See, you're gay ABBA.
It's not my gay ABBA.
Yeah, you're gay ABBA.
I still say there should be a machine called the ABBA, like an ABB machine.
Every single time you crunch, it'll play a little bit of Dancing Queen or something.
Okay.
Or it'll go, dee dee dee dee dee, like as you crunch it.
I think it's about time that we get into the Orange Launch Radio Cage match.
I think we're starting to get into that portion of the show.
I'm sure some of you guys are starting to get a little angsty you guys
That's the cage man, yeah, I'm sorry if use the week
It's one of those nights. I don't give a fuck tonight. I really don't
That's right, we're gonna get into the F use the week because we're angsty maybe we're angsty because of cage match
I don't know. But anyway, um
Dark soccer isn't here tonight, but usually this is the part of the show where I would say dark soccer
So why is it we do the FUs of the Week every single week and then what would she say?
Something like, uh, because we're angsty?
No, she says grr argh, right?
DarkSakura did leave a little message for me on AOL because she was a little bit angsty.
She said, had the most retarded field trip for school today.
That's my FU.
Retarded field trips.
I didn't know you got to go on field trips in college. Maybe I should have finished.
Loki, what's your FUs of the week?
Um, my first FU goes to, um, super driver's out there because you're driving too damn slow
and getting in my way.
Um, my other FU goes to my apartment complex for deciding to repave the entire, um,
parking lot and basically
rearrange some of the parking spaces and putting in some brand new handicapped ones because the handicapped
people have, like, all these 15 spaces that they can park in for all the two handicapped
people in our complex. And they have, they put them in some really stupid spots, like,
this one that's in this, um, one spot where the actual ramp to where the handicapped people
can go up is, like, way far away from it, and also the fact that there's a giant curve
in its way, so it's kind of pointless to have a ramp there anyways. So, my apartment complex
is retarded. And also, fuck you to these stupid kids that keep throwing this tennis ball against
dumpster and playing butts up
do what i remember butts up that game was awesome these kids need to go someplace so i stole
their tennis ball and it's in my house now but they bought another one so i had to steal that one too
you see this? this is mine now
this is mine now
exactly
freaking stupid people i hate them
and also uh... fuck you the stupid woman that basically uh... got all pissed off for
nelly having taken out her uh...
lottery they've been sitting in one of the washers just unattended
because there was a regarded cycle and she's off
where my clothes at
and she's like well they're in the basket
better not be stealing my clothes
and she had and she had her like freakin shower cap on and stuff
total ghetto woman you should have threatened them with some jellyfish
where my clothes at
I can tell you this much, I'd be handling the situation differently if it were me
you know, if I was in there, I'd be, you know, she'd be like, where my clothes at, and I'd be like
talking English, bitch!
So, yeah.
That's my effusive week.
I'm relatively angst free. I got most of my angst out in my live journal earlier this week
because that's what live journals for is for me me me's I know they're called
maims or whatever but I call me me's live drills for me me's and me venting
once in a while so I've got actually got most of it out of my system so I feel
pretty good but just an F you to like three days this week I ended up staying
at work like way later than I was originally intending to and I don't like
that but F you two dumbasses in World of Warcraft because there's been a couple
that kind of pissed me off. A nephew to the fact that I haven't gotten onto other servers yet, but I swear I'm going to at some point.
Um, and a nephew to, um, me having to save money for an Xbox 360, because I don't like being poor.
Being poor sucks.
That's it.
Um, let's get to Angel and Angel's FUs of the Week.
Oh, let's see.
Yeah, I'm still kind of pretty pissed off at my computer even though it works now, so F you to that, because if it hadn't broken down I would be level 40 by now, because, um, yeah, damn level requirements for guilds, Jesus!
Speaking of which, I have to hit level 50 by next Tuesday, so maybe to that, too, because I don't even know if I'm gonna make it.
Other than that... Oh, yeah, I've been having to go to school four days a week now. Ouch.
But it must be done. Why? Because then I can get a better job later on or something, or whatever you're supposed to do after you go to school.
Okay, that's really it. I'm not really that pissy this week or something.
So, um, yeah, until next time.
Xtaphir, what are your FUs of the week?
Um, FU to God, because if you really do exist, you're fucking with my week.
I mean, Jesus Christ, God.
I am so fucking pissed off because like I like you know will be very very fine
and everything then I go to the lab and I try to give blood and suddenly I almost
faint you were trying to give blood I mean I was trying to get blood work done
and now I have to go back to the lab because they couldn't do enough work and
you know just more you know stuff that I have to like think about doing so yeah
Yeah, so F you to that. F you to, like, just last week in general. I don't know. It was just a really difficult week.
No, actually, you know, it ended really well. I mean, we had a good night last night. Good partay-ing. Partaking in a partay.
It was neat.
It was nifty.
But otherwise, yeah.
Otherwise, after you, everyone who won't listen to my show tomorrow, at 7 o'clock,
X-O-T-C-M.
Will you be playing Madonna hung up on your show?
I will not be playing.
I'm going to request this.
I will not be playing that song.
You know, I haven't even talked about the Rob Roberts show on Wednesday,
which is going to be a big, huge Mondo OLR event.
darkknight – F you to work and finding out that I have no car
And of course, FU to gas prices even though they are starting to go down just a tad.
soccerina says f you to me for not voting for the cage match f you to my
parents for being behind me when two hot girls asked me if I wanted to fuck them
after clearing max 300 standard what that that doesn't happen
Wow
misty says uh-oh she's giving me a suggestion for F you sorry I got to him
little late there Nintendo maniac 64 says f you to Loki for commenting on
what you did with my foot last night you and your sick mind f you to myself for
forgetting to put a knot before the word commenting in my previous f you which
would make that f you true f you to sky for talking during my skype time yeah
get over it f you to whoever chose the mk 64 retro tracks and Mario Kart DS
there's none of the awesome ones oh they didn't put like toads highway that was
like the best track ever.
Gloatwalk says F you to the coat hanger in the handicap stall in the bathroom at my workplace.
That damn thing was placed so low it practically punctured my right arm and I've got a huge
honking bruise the size of two silver dollars.
DAMN YOU!
Color of Sakura says F you to the fact that I was diagnosed with a peptic ulcer last week
And are they all chain letters?
I hate that shit.
Me too.
That's why I'm kinda glad Myspace exists, because that's where all the chain letters
go now.
GS191 says, F you to Tommy Tallarco for giving Weehart Katamari a fucking 3 out of 10.
F you to my friend for bricking his PSP, he deserved it, and a continuing F you to my
online math class.
A three out of ten for Weheart Katamari?
That's just stupid.
I know. Don't watch that show. Just don't watch it and then he won't get to give reviews.
Listen to our show and tell people that we should be on TV.
Vote us for president and give us money.
Listen to Zaku who says, F you to death for taking Captain Jack from this earth on Friday.
F you to still being single. F you to this nagging stuff he knows I've been having these days.
One that I'm getting flack from one of my professors since she's saying I'm trying to get her sick.
Sephiroth1215 says, F you to Funimation for butchering Dragon Ball Z, still,
because even if I play Budokai Tenkashi, it still says H-I-F-L instead of Hell and Hercule instead of Mr. Satan.
The game is rated Teen, you don't need to do that. In fact, you don't even need to do that with an E-rated game.
Raaz says, F you to old ladies coughing on me for an hour and a half.
F you to the health teacher who accused me of plagiarism and then denied it like three days later.
What is it about science teachers and assholes, them being assholes?
In church, in general.
I'm kidding.
Ronchan says, to go along with Loki, a massive F you to people who take clothes out of the laundry machines.
No one told you to touch my clothes, okay?
You can wait five fucking minutes till I walk back into the laundromat.
And on behalf of the chat room, F you to Sakurina for talking smack about Captain Jack.
Lego Freak says F you to every girl, why don't they like me?
And then lastly, Dirty Thief says F you to my friend who hit me in the crotch with a shoe twice in one day.
That sounds pretty hot.
You know, though, that is a segment in, you know, that America's Funniest Home Videos that's so way overdone, that they always have those videos of people getting hit in the crotch, and, like, they're not funny.
They're not funny. They're, like, they're totally, like, insanely not funny. Insanely not.
You know what I saw on a sale for a DVD is, like, frickin' America's Funniest Home Videos, like, an entire season on DVD, and I was like, why would you buy this? Why?
I know they show it on PAX TV or like all those other channels TNT. Is it on ABC?
I think they still still hosted by Tom Bergeron now or whatever
Yeah, the guy that was on Hollywood Squares better than Bob Sagar Hollywood Squares still on I
Don't think so. Well, that's too bad. Whoopi Goldberg was a cool Center Square. It's thought I'd share really like her not really
Anyway, what we're going to do now, I think we'll go to a quick break, and then when we
come back, maybe Ask Orange Lounge for a little bit?
Ask Extifer?
Ask me anything.
All right, anything.
All right, ask us anything, and we'll be back after this.
We're going to do a really quick, quick break here to give you guys a chance to send us
in some questions for Ask Orange Lounge.
have been begging for this song all night so I definitely have to indulge
our chat room with this because I live for our chat room. We'll be back after
with more Orange Lounge Radio and Ask Orange Lounge. Get your questions in now.
Oh, one more time, I'm back with a new rhyme Hey, here we go again, turn it up my friend
No, we don't stop talking, we rock the spot No, we don't quit, get failure, this is it
Do you like to say maybe do you like to scream?
Hey I like to dream, baby
Do you like to dream oh
I like to dream mama do you like to scream?
Hey I like to scream baby
Do you like to scream
Oh so scream it out
Scream out, scream out
And just so you guys know, the only thing better than dream a dream is more dream a
a dream.
I'm back with a new rhyme, hey! Here we go again, turn it up my friends, go!
We don't stop, we rock the spot, go! We don't quit, you feel your innocence
Do you like to dream? Hey! I like to dream, baby
Do you like to dream? Whoa! I like to dream, mommy
Do you like to scream? Hey! I like to scream, baby
Do you like to scream? Oh! So scream it out
Scream out, dream up, a tip it in your ear
You gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta, you gotta dream a little dream.
Orange Lounge Radio,
Bahmani Music,
and more.
Perfect!
Let's ask Orange Lounge,
some stupid question,
what will we find out this week on Orange Lounge Radio?
I'm curious to see if
actually got any questions but it would be nice to he would stop talking about
Madonna for once that was a laughing riot there sure everybody just dropped
everything they did floating laughter uh Renee wants to know what will it take to
get MIDI head on the show and sky mr. Maury Povich would like to know are you
the father
the last time i had sex with a woman
nevermind
it was a kid
what what would it take to get many head on the show probably if we just ask
really nicely and we do want to get him on the show sometime around the release
time of ultra mix three so
i look forward to it i'm sure he'll do it now we just have to ask really nicely
so we will
we'll have our people talk to his people what you guys know
uh... we also want to know
Is that promo with something-something making Captain Jack cry getting retired?
Um, we don't know yet. We think so.
But we definitely don't want to retire Copy Kill's music, because that thing's awesome.
Um, but as far as the promo, you know what, all of our old promos really need to be retired,
but we're just too lazy to make new ones.
Maybe we should have a promo-making contest. Maybe that's how we could get rid of this, uh,
DDR Extreme 2. I wonder if people would do it.
I didn't know, Charum, would you guys make us promos if we gave away an Extreme 2 bundle?
An official Konami soft pad?
That might be cool.
Let's get to some more questions.
Sakurina wants to know, is 69 easier with a hard-on?
Of course it is.
I think that's... If you don't have one,
Why are you doing the 69? Right, I mean, you don't necessarily fall asleep when you're
doing the 69. Well, if you're a girl, though, you wouldn't have a hard-on, and then 69 would
be just fine. That's true, that's true. Yeah, you wouldn't do that to a vagina. I mean,
vaginas don't get hard, so, no. But I appreciate the question, and yes, my advice would be
that you have a hard-on when you do a 69. Legend of Zaku is wondering aloud in a question,
Are they going to bury Captain Jack in his trademark uniform?
You always know there's got to be somebody thinking I'm morbid.
If I were Captain Jack, I would want to be buried in the uniform.
I think they have to.
Where was he not in that uniform, honestly?
I think they should.
I love how everybody gets so mad when people ask me questions.
Like I'm going to take offense or something.
NintendoManiac64 wants to know, why am I eating Cheddar Chex Mix instead of Ranch Doritos?
Because it's less fattening? I don't know.
Why are none of the awesome Mario Kart 64 tracks a Mario Kart DS?
Because Nintendo will release Mario Kart DS Extreme or something that has the extra tracks in it later.
Has Mario Kart DS even come out yet? No.
How do you know they're not unlockables?
So, Loki, what did you exactly do with my foot last night?
Everyone in chat wants to hear your sick, perverted, gay thoughts.
I have no idea what he's saying.
That was like an hour ago on the show, I don't even remember.
I wasn't even paying attention then.
Oh well.
Will any of you guys or chat room folks go to, beep, somebody's trying to hoard their
website once it's complete.
Yes, complete it, and then we'll say the website.
I haven't even visited yet.
I'll visit it.
Send me an email, ask me really nicely, I'll visit it and give you my opinion.
illusion wants to know now what's it all about Alfie
Seeing a good movie for a change would be my answer a movie you
Yeah, Alfie sucked
It's lame that's all you need to know
Lego freak wants to know hey, buddy. Can I have a hundred dollars wink wink a nudge nudge?
One day when we're rich and famous, we'll give away cash and fabulous prizes on the
show, and we'll remember your support.
Kago wants to know, after no field trips the past three years, I have two coming up in
the next two weeks. Should I go on both and risk missing work, or only go on one and get
all my work done? It kind of depends where you're going.
Yeah, are you going to the pumpkin patch? Yeah, if you're going to the pumpkin patch,
fuck that shit, you don't need to go to the pumpkin patch.
But if you're going to like, I don't know, Hooters, then go.
I mean, if it's to Canada, I would go to Canada at a field trip.
Let's see.
Duran wants to know, I need an NES, can I have yours?
My NES is broken.
I mean, it won't even play the cartridges after I, like, blow on them like there's no tomorrow.
Extra shut up.
My NES just don't work no more, so if you want a broken paperweight, I guess you could have that.
No one ever asks me any questions.
Well, you want to give your NES to Duran?
No, I actually have the one that top loads, if you remember that.
Oh, lucky you.
And I have the original as well, so...
Yes, they work, and no, you can't have them.
Otherwise, I can't play Guardian Legends, so there.
Goggle wanted to clarify the two field trips.
It's a museum on one day and a play on the other.
Okay, I would go to the play.
Well, I think both are worth it, and here's why.
The museum, you're going to see nudity at the museum,
because, like, you know, in classic arts, there's going to be nudity,
be nudity and like in sculptures and stuff usually there's naked one or two
like a butt. Autistic nudity is not that great. Yeah but it's nudity and then you
should see the play because there's a chance of nudity depending on what the
play is like if it's a little g-rated musical like The Lion King forget it but
you know if it's something else like you know. You don't even have nudity I mean
they if if they're wearing tights you're gonna see their package yeah so I mean
you know if you see if you see penal structure behind that you know tight that
Goggle, go where the nudity is. That's my advice, my sound advice to you.
Alright, that's it. We're done. We're done with this show.
Put the nail in the coffin of the show. We're done.
I was pretty PG-13 tonight, wouldn't you say so, Rob Robert?
You did a fairly good job, Extrofer Extroferson.
Alright.
I don't know what else to call you. You don't have a stage last name yet. You need one.
it's going to be extra for
and and it's going to be on
uh... the show tomorrow
rob pitch michelle
uh... listen to the rob robert show on wednesday it'll be a good time
pitch of the real show so i forgot to talk about
final thoughts
angel your final thought
I want to go home and play World of Warcraft.
Oh!
Extrovert, your final thought. Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, Addict? Well, that's reserved for Final Fantasy XI. I'll think of another word for World of Warcraft.
Extrovert, your final thought.
I want to go home and play World of Warcraft.
Oh! But you're already home!
He's going to come over to your house, and that will be like the worst thing ever.
LOKI!
Um...
I hope this works and...
It doesn't work.
No, it doesn't.
Okay.
Son of a bitch.
By the way, I'd just like to point out that we've actually been short two hosts tonight
because Dark Sakura isn't here and Loki has just really not been involved in the show.
He's been working on something for the site the whole night so he could care less about
this show.
I'm participating.
low-key does not care about orange lounge people
i got them hate p h p
my final thought is i want to top loading any s now
jealous i can bring mine over and you can play games to get to the chris
uh... may or if it if you don't have to have a war and i just might
okay
why why is that game so so wonderful because it's kitty chris but if i mean
And it was the fucking hardest game that I played when I played it.
I beat it because I'm the shit.
You are the shit.
Keep going with that, Rob.
But meanwhile, I still think that it was kind of difficult.
Maybe it was just because I'm not video game prone or something.
Maybe that's it.
I beat Legend of Zelda.
Good job.
Oh, no problem.
Did you beat the second quest, though?
I did.
I did beat it.
Good job.
Did you beat Zelda 2?
I didn't.
You suck!
I know.
Final word of the show, one word to sum it all up.
Rob Roberts?
No.
Oh, do I get to get the final word?
I believe you do, because you never do.
I never do do the final word of the show.
God dammit, do the final word of the show.
Alright, here's the final word of tonight's show.
Go left, go right, go pick up a step, go left, go right, go left.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day!
Come along, we are strong, together and forever we sing hey, hey, hey, hey
Together forever, stay in my heart Together forever, we will never hurt
Together forever, we are all for one Together forever, come and set me free
Set me free tonight, baby let me be your guide
Ooh, I set me free tonight Take your way to paradise
Together forever Stay in my heart
Together forever We will never part
Together forever We're all for one
For once, together, forever, come and set me free
Set me free tonight
Take the way to paradise
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Are you sad that DarkSakur wasn't here tonight?
What do you have to say to our listeners?
Are you going to tune in next week?
Are you going to download our podcast?
Are you going to say goodnight to the listeners?
All right, tell them that they have to reconnect to the stream in 15 seconds after they get dumped
get dumped so they can tune into our Bahmanian video game music program. Can you say all
What?
Oh
