Orange lounge radio to go edition week of October 24th 2005
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast
Hold for all the latest video game news and gamer chat now. You're your hosts dark Sakura sky and low
Hello everybody out there in iTunes or
iPod or whatever you're using to download our podcast maybe one of those websites out there
there. You're listening to Orange Launch Radio To Go, and thanks for checking us out, taking
a moment to download us and check out our podcast. We appreciate it. My name is Rob
Roberts. You might know me as Sky. Not joining us tonight is DarkSakura. She has the week
off, but over there in the other corner is the one and only Loki.
Yep, still here. Yep, still here. How you doing?
Good. Frustrated. Frustrated? Why?
Oh, web page crap. Yeah. Our web page?
Yes, our web page. OrangeLaunchRadio.com or the OLR PSP site?
The problem is, I don't know how to program in said languages that I'm programming in,
and so, yeah, it's a little difficult.
It's kind of a learning experience.
You must be trying to cook up some cool stuff for the site.
Of course.
All right.
Sounds good.
Check that out.
OLRPSP.com.
It's our new site just for the PSPs.
I mean, you can bring it up on like Internet Explorer or Firefox, but seriously, it's really
made for your PSP.
It looks so much better on a PSP.
If you bring it up in Firefox, you're going to go, what the heck, this doesn't look right.
But on a PSP it looks great. High def and everything, it's awesome.
Yeah, we're working on something that's kind of with the theme of the normal
station that is, you know,
getting our listeners to basically give us feedback and just a
whole way of connecting with our listeners.
Absolutely. So, actually we also have the Orange Lounge Radio message line which
just opened up on our website for our live show, so we might be using that on our
podcast as well, so
It's more interactivity to make this a little bit your show as well because we appreciate
you guys tuning in and taking the time to listen.
So it's just Loki and I tonight and nobody else wanted to come, nobody else wanted to
be on the podcast.
No, it's cool.
We got a little bit of news to talk about tonight, but first we always talk about how
our gaming week was, what we've been playing and what's new in our gaming world because
you know what?
We're geeks too.
Loki, what have you been playing?
I have been playing a couple of things.
I started off with Burnout because I had to get the rest of Burnout out of my system and
then I've got my new baby and that would be The Warriors.
The Warriors?
I've never even heard of this.
What's this about?
The Warriors is a game based on the 1979 movie starring Michael Beck.
It's basically about the gangs of New York.
This is about gangs during 1979.
really cheesy themed gangs like you have a gang called the baseball furies are
dressed up like baseball players you have a gang of like mime looking people
when you're a jet you know yes seriously it looks like that it's very similar to
that but it's just so cheesy and cool the game is really awesome it's kind of
like a final fight type game where you just beat up everything but they've
actually have a story to it it actually takes place three months before the
events of the movie then the very end of the game goes through the events of the
movie. The story of the movie is that there's this one guy who's calling all these gangs
together to unite them because they outnumber the police and they're basically going to
take over New York. Well, this other gang frames the Warriors and they kill the guy
and so now everybody's out to kill you and so you have to get back to your home turf
of Coney Island before you get beaten to death.
this must be a rock star game it's a rock star game it's really awesome I
highly recommend checking out we actually what's cool about it is they
have a quick match mode
where you can just do fighting so you can do two-player co-op in it which is awesome
and it's just it's a really fun game to pick up there's tons of unlockable
what system?
PlayStation 2 and Xbox. Oh and Xbox Live on Xbox?
No. Oh bummer. Yeah but it's really awesome
and then this next week in a few days here I'll be picking up Grand Theft Auto
of Liberty City Stories, which I'm very excited about that one.
Speaking of Xbox, do you know what Xbox Live is going to be?
Not that you care, because you don't really play Xbox Live, right?
I don't have an Xbox.
I thought you got one, finally, but you're going to be getting a 360, right?
Yeah.
So are you going to buy any old Xbox games to catch up on what you missed?
Maybe Far Cry, because I've been hearing that's good.
Not even like Burnout on the Xbox, so you can play on Live, right?
Burnout for the 360 is coming out in March, so I've got to wait for Burnout.
Who cares about the other ones?
Alright, you know they're taking down Xbox Live for a day,
I don't get on Xbox Live that much so it's not too big a deal,
but they're gonna be changing it and getting it ready for the Xbox 360
and so I guess, you know, I was kinda trying to look into and during our
three-hour show
earlier this week we were kinda talking to some of our listeners, trying to get feedback on how the new
Xbox 360, what their thoughts are on it, and it sounds like you're gonna be actually
able to change your gamertag whenever you want on the new 360,
it's tied to your passport. You know the whole Microsoft passport thing?
They're integrating that into the 360 it sounds like, so
that's kinda what we're hearing. Well that's cool, at least in that way you can have a
gamertag, you know, that other people might have, and
I don't know, that'd be interesting. Well maybe, I mean, I don't know if we can duplicate names still, but
as long as I can keep my old one I guess that's okay. Yeah.
Even though I don't, you know, there's better names I would have liked, but oh well.
Anyway, anything else you've been playing in your gameweek? Really, no.
I've been just trying to play some of, I'm trying to, I have Shot of Colossus but I haven't
gotten a chance to play it yet.
And so I want to check that one out and maybe Tony Hawk's American Wasteland.
But I haven't gotten a chance to play him yet.
Real life?
Um, yeah.
Real life and just web page crap.
Alright, alright.
My Gaming Week actually has been pretty mellow.
It's been mostly World of Warcraft, which I talked about on last week's show is, you
You know, I went out and got it and it was this big, oh, I've got World of Warcraft.
But I've been playing it and I've been giving it a fair chance and kind of checking it out
and seeing what I think of it.
And you know, I actually kind of like it.
It's a lot better than I thought it would be because, you know, remember guys, I played
Final Fantasy XI for like two years, so of course I hear nothing but smack talking about
World of Warcraft.
But one thing I'm learning about the MMOs as I'm playing World of Warcraft is it really
is just a much different game than Final Fantasy XI.
very different and it has a whole lot of different things to offer and it's not
necessarily better or worse it's just that even though World of Warcraft and
Final Fantasy 11 and let's say let's take some of the other big ones too
Guild Wars and Ragnarok they're all MMOs but they've all got very very different
things to offer and I think it really boils down to this if you're looking
into getting into MMOs if you don't like MMOs you're not gonna like Final Fantasy
11 or World of Warcraft either the I think the easiest accessible one to
somebody who doesn't like MMOs at all, although I don't know why you'd be considering buying
an MMO, probably Guild Wars, because Guild Wars is practically set up so that you don't
even have to ever play with anybody, and you don't play a monthly fee with Guild Wars.
Not that I think Guild Wars is necessarily the strongest game, nor is it my favorite
out of the three, but I think it's probably the most accessible and most, like, non-shocking
the game is kind of set up very similar to a single player experience, if you want it
to be.
But as far as Final Fantasy XI and World of Warcraft, I'm just noticing it is very true
what they say.
World of Warcraft is a game that you don't have to play with other people.
You can play with it by yourself, except I am learning that it's a lot better to play
with other people and there's more quests you can do and things that you do with other
people.
But I still feel that Final Fantasy XI is probably the more social game.
If you're looking for a game that you want to do some role play in or you just want to
already have it. I'm really a late bloomer when it comes to this game just because I've
been focused on one MMO for so long. But if you have an interest in the game and you think
it sounds like something you'd like, check it out. I think you'll find it's really different
than the other MMOs out there except for Guild Wars because Guild Wars and World of Warcraft
have a lot in common. They really do, just in the game, the way it plays. To me, it feels
very similar. I think World of Warcraft has a lot more than Guild Wars, about 40 more
levels for one, and more crafting and stuff you can do that I think makes it a little
more... longer gameplay than Guild Wars would be.
So I haven't played Final Fantasy yet again. Still waiting for that time to come in, but
it's not there.
I'm just on a cool off period from Final Fantasy XI for a little while myself. I need to just
take a step back. I'm not saying I dislike the game at all. I still think it's an awesome
game and I love it a lot and I'll probably get back into it once the 360 and Treasures
of Autoregan expansions kind of pump some new blood into the game.
By that time I'll probably be burned out of World of Warcraft so it works out.
Yeah, my only thing is hopefully that they're going to have the Final Fantasy XI version
for the 360 is going to be on the same surface as everyone else.
Hoping.
I don't know if it is.
I'm not sure if it is.
Well, you know, I heard it's not going to support the voice chat because the voice chat
is going to be unmoderated, which doesn't make sense to me because...
Oh, I wouldn't want voice chat anyways.
Imagine Final Fantasy XI voice chat.
I've done it.
Team speak or Ventrilo are one of those things.
That works fine when you have a group of people, but what if you have the world?
No, thank you.
Okay, I got you.
But, no, the whole thing is I just hope it's supported, period, because then that way I
can cancel my Play Online account, just move it all over the Xbox Live.
I have this feeling it's going to be set up like PSO where you have to pay for both, and
that's going to be sad. With Phantasy Star Online on Xbox, you have to pay not just the
Xbox Live, but then you pay the Sega fee of like $8 as well. Sucks.
Well, still they're going to have a break, I'm sure.
Yeah, we'll see.
I hope so. I hope so.
All right, let's get into some gaming news tonight, talk about some things going on in
gaming world. Speaking of the Xbox 360, Wal-Mart and EB Games and some other stores are starting
to get the little Xbox 360 kiosks. I havenít seen any show up, but there are some websites
set up that you can just go on to some of the major gaming portals. You can probably
find some websites that have these lists set up of where all these gaming kiosks are.
They have lists. They even have a Google Map thing thatís set up for it.
But honestly, chances are itís going to be in the mall near you at some point.
They're going to be rolled out to almost every store in over three weeks.
They're shipping them out right now.
Obviously Microsoft's pushing this thing like crazy.
It's going to be in your local store soon enough, but if you just have to be first,
get on the internet and look.
I checked our local Walmart today because I just happened to be there, and no, they
didn't have them.
I'm not a big Walmart fan myself.
I'm more of a Target guy.
It's only a couple of demos, and honestly this is coming out in a few weeks anyways.
I can wait.
Let's talk a little bit about the PSP, which has shipped 10 million units.
That's what officials from Sony are announcing, that they have reached 10 million units, of
course, this being worldwide, 183 PSP software titles currently out, a total of 19.6 million
units of software shipped, and then 15 million UMD movies.
That's kind of crazy because that means almost just as many UMD movies have shipped as games.
Yeah.
And you know what's also crazy about it, if 10 million PSPs have shipped, then that means
like most people only own like one game.
And probably it's Luminous.
Probably one or two games.
It's probably Luminous.
Probably.
Well, I don't know.
Everybody I know, it's Luminous.
And honestly, it is the best PSP game out there.
I'm probably just unimpressed that the game's out right now like I am.
I mean, it's just, I haven't bought it, I don't even remember the last PSP game I bought
other than Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories, everything I've gotten has been passed down
free from publishers and I wouldn't have even bought them if they hadn't given it to me
because I'm just unimpressed by everything that's coming out.
There just hasn't really been a title that's been like, I have to really get that, and
I'm kind of seeing that in the new Katamari PSP. I'm like, oh, I definitely get that because
I'm in the Katamari franchise, I'm into that. But we have yet to see a really solid franchise
game hit the PSP. I mean, granted, we've had Burnout and we've had Wipeout, I guess, and
We've had Metal Gear, but not really the same Metal Gear.
We've had some to extend the franchise, but we've really just had no solid franchise title
hit the PSP.
You know what I mean?
I think that's kind of what's hurting it.
Whereas on the DS, now you're getting like Castlevania, and it's seriously probably the
best Castlevania game they've done since Symphony of the Night.
So you know, DS is starting to look really good with the franchises.
Mario Kart?
Yeah, Mario Kart on the way, and Animal Crossing.
The whole internet connectivity stuff?
Yeah.
I know PSP has its loyalists out there, though.
If you have any emails, comments, or suggestions, you know I send us an email to go at orange
lounge radio dot com.
Maybe you're a PSP lover wanting to yell at us a little bit.
I don't dislike the PSP.
I think the PSP is a great multi-system, like getting to watch them, and you know that's
really what they're marketing it as, so on that end, it's successful that you can watch
movies.
I'm not talking about the PSP either.
I've got two of them, so obviously I love them, but it's just...
I love the fact that it's got the wireless Internet now, and you can download our show
on it.
It's great for that, but the games element alone, a little weak, a little weak.
When you see a game like Twisted Metal, you're thinking, ooh, Twisted Metal Black, that was
an awesome game.
Oh, wait, this is a port of Twisted Metal 2, a PlayStation game, oh, crap, Twisted Metal
for the PS3.
I know there's going to be one, that's going to be awesome.
the email box. DarkSakura is our mailbox queen, but she's not here tonight, unfortunately,
so we're going to go ahead and table the mailbox until next week, but definitely get your emails
in togo.orangelandradio.com.
I was talking a little bit about World of Warcraft earlier. You know there's an expansion
on the horizon, and of course, people love to gossip about the expansion packs. Here's
the latest rumors circulating around the Internet. We don't know how true they are, but they
seem to be pretty solid leads. The Burning Crusade sounds like it's going to be the name
of it and it's going to take place in the Outlands.
They're going to raise the level cap with this expansion to 70.
Some sites are saying 75, but most are saying 70.
It's going to have two new races.
The Blood Elf will belong to the Horde and to be announced for the Alliance.
However, no new classes at this time.
Again, these are all rumors.
Things might change.
Blizzard will make the official announcement any day now, I'm sure.
BlizzCon, is BlizzCon this weekend?
Was it this weekend or it's coming up next weekend?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
don't have time off work to go to these things, unfortunately, I would love to if I could.
Maybe next year, because I'm just now getting into World of Warcraft, maybe next year I'll
be ready for Blizzcon.
Anyway, they might do some small upgrades to the graphic engine as well, and they're
going to add weather effects, which I think is neat.
And then the other thing I think is neat, cross-server battlegrounds?
So we'll see.
Well, I actually, I was reading, because I was reading an article about this earlier,
and they were talking about some of the stuff that they're going to be having, and I could
was sworn they actually did name the, yeah, for Alliance it's Draenei or something like
that.
It's D-R-A-E-N-E-I is the race for the Alliance.
They have a new class, I guess Spellbreaker, they said, they're rumored saying it's going
to be race 275, six new areas and nine new high-end instances.
So it really just depends on what website you're looking at because everybody's reporting
something different at this point, but it seems okay, there's going to be a level cap
Some little things it looks like.
You know the other big rumor going around about World of Warcraft right now is that
it's going to go on to 360.
I'm certain Microsoft is really, really hoping for that because let's face it, World of Warcraft
right now is a PC only title and not everybody who is in the console is into PC.
I like both.
In fact, with Civilization 4 coming out this week, this is going to be a big month for
PC gaming for me.
folks that don't really cross those lines. They're a PC gamer or they're a console
gamer so if World of Warcraft came out on the 360 or any next-gen console
really that would be huge so I'd like to see it happen I think it would be good
news but who knows. So surely you've been following the drama and I'm sure anybody
who listens to this show probably has been following this too so I don't want
to beat a dead horse with this but Penny Arcade versus Jack Thompson oh my god
It's like we're watching Mortal Kombat seriously like what what happened here? We got we got a letter
I mean, I'm totally paraphrasing here, and I'm just going off memory because there's been so many news articles
I don't even remember anymore, but like Penny Arcade
Donated $10,000 because Jack Thompson was like haha. Just kidding about the you know the mod thing
He said he was going to donate or he was going to give $10,000 whoever did it
And then he said it was a joke and Penny Arcade put up the $10,000 because Jack Thompson wouldn't do it
it.
And then Jack Thompson basically wrote a letter to the police saying that the penny arcade
people are harassing him.
And then the penny arcade people filed something with like a legal association to get Jack
Thompson investigated.
No, what they were doing is they were actually, they sent a letter.
I'm completely paraphrasing here.
They sent letters to the Florida bar basically.
So Jack Thompson now turns around and files a complaint with the feds and the district
attorney and the rumor is he was calling for a truce.
Well, yeah, he's all over the place and he's emailing the Feds and stuff like this and
all his information.
I mean, if anybody actually, because anybody's going to do research on this and be like,
oh my God, you know, he's completely nuts because everything he's stating is completely
wrong.
So, I mean, anybody who does any research on this and doesn't take them for face value
is obviously going to see.
He's good at getting publicity, though, because even we're talking about him.
Maybe we shouldn't be.
I don't know.
No, we've got to point out that he's stupid. You've got to point out the retarded people.
I have to say, there seems to be a lot of politicians coming from Florida that are just
retarded.
Well, let's not go there because we don't want to get more hate mail from our friends
in Florida.
Politicians!
I know, just politicians.
Anyway, if I could offer words of advice to Penny Arcade, finish him.
Honestly, just let him dig himself his own grave, because it's going to happen.
He's just going to eventually get caught up in so many lies that he'll be over.
I have just a small little story on Civilization 4.
coming out this week, October 25th, and I want to buy this and check it out.
You know, I didn't...
I loved Civilization I, love Civilization I, I know I've gone off on a previous podcast
about how I think it's probably one of my favorite games of all time, if not my favorite
game of all time, is Civilization I, but I never really got into 2 or 3.
It just didn't have that simpleness, that accessibility of Civilization I, but Civ IV
is on the horizon and I'm just excited to at least check it out and see if I like it,
and I hear it's going to be really customizable and all this stuff, so it's coming out this
this week, and I'm curious about it. I wish I could rent PC games or something, because
I don't want to have to spend $49.99 on it, but it looks like I'm going to have to, so
we'll see. I know, I'm like, ah, oh well, we'll see.
Anyway, Loki, what do you have for us tonight? You got some news stories for us?
Yeah, a couple things to touch on here. The first one everybody's talking about, because
with the 360 coming up, what are the launch dates for these games that are coming out?
We have, what is it, Best Buy saying, oh yeah, we're going to have the games before they
launch.
Well, yeah, I doubt because everybody's releasing their games before the system launches.
I don't understand the lure of buying games before the system is out anyway.
Oh, I'm going to go home and look at the pretty packaging in the book.
Is it just to make the lines go faster when the system comes out?
I don't know.
I don't get it.
I think so.
Or just so there's not a huge rush on everything.
I'm getting my games before they come out just because I just want to pick everything
up when I get it, and then I'll have the system.
You guys know I didn't reserve my system, so I'm going to be playing the Rush the Crowds
game.
I did it with the DS and I did it with other systems in the past.
I'll do it with Xbox 360 as well.
The whole rumor is that they've been playing up the fact that they're in their oversold
line.
Big shock!
Every company says they're oversold when their systems come out.
saying that that was artificial to increase demand on the system or something like that
but what do we know?
What was that countdown thing you were blogging about earlier this week? There was a countdown
on the Xbox 360?
Hex 168.
Yeah, you talked about it last podcast.
Hex 168 is actually this kind of, it's like almost like the origin site for, you know,
the people in the U.S. The thing is though, you can win an Xbox system, the three Microsoft
games, Project Gotham Racing, Cameo, and Perfect Dark, you can win that and a year of Xbox
Live.
What you have to do though is you have to create a short video clip or like a Photoshop
of the Hex 168 logo like you saw it somewhere, you know, like you have to send them pictures.
So you have to get creative, you know, doing something like, you know, in California they
have the lottery you know the mega lottery or whatever it is and they have
you know that it looks like a home video camera footage of this giant ticket
flying through the air now something like that you know you have to make so
it's like way too late so basically the UK people they get to just sign up and
enter the drawing but no we have to actually work for it and you don't want
to say that the hand thing with the DS yeah it's like that they'd mail you a
hand you take a picture for touching is good oh I don't know it's gonna remind
It's another thing to give away more 360's and the win I guess you win a trip to the
pre-release party or something like that.
Hey not bad.
But ehh, that's what I had to say. Eh I have it paid for, don't care.
I want to mention this and we'll go back to Loki for some more stories. Do you have more stories?
I'm sure I do.
Alright let me get this out first. Even though it's not necessarily gaming specific with
The Senate Commerce Committee made a bill this week that says that in 2009, all transmissions
will have to be digital, television transmissions.
So it looks like HD is going to be the big thing in 2009 at the latest.
Of course, they will be also doing the subsidization or something in the amount of $3 billion to
help folks that are having a hard time getting a new TV kind of get cheap converters for
their old TVs to get the HD signals, it should be interesting.
Of course, that means HDTVs will get cheaper.
They've been getting cheaper and cheaper for the past few years.
I paid $600 for my HDTV, which is only 30 inch, but it's not bad.
It's a great TV.
I love it.
They're just going to get cheaper as the years go on.
By the time 2009 rolls around, it won't be a big deal.
Think about this.
If your console life is five years, which it seems like most consoles have been lasting
about five years on the market, that means that these consoles will need to be ready
for this in 2009 and it sounds like the PlayStation 3 and the Xbox 360 are both HD ready but is
Nintendo listening to this?
I hope so because they said the revolution wouldn't support HDTV and that makes me sad
so I hope they will reconsider in light of this bill because by the end of the console
life of the revolution, they're going to be in trouble but I don't think they're going
to be in trouble.
They won't necessarily be in trouble but they won't be as cool.
I think we still haven't heard everything about the revolution yet.
Yeah, I know.
I know there's still a lot to come, but the whole HD thing stills...
I want somebody to come out and say Nintendo Revolution will support HDTV and then I will
shut my mouth.
You know I'm going to buy it no matter what, because I'm going to want to play whatever
Zelda game and whatever Metroid game or whatever Mario game they put out on it, because I'm
a consumer whore like that.
I know.
Yeah.
Alright, what else you got?
I got this funny site, I was just looking up here.
This Chinese site actually was spoofing Nintendogs and they have Nintendirls.
It says College Girls and Friends.
I went and pulled it up and...
Do you take the girls out for a walk and you have to clean up their poop?
Not quite.
It looks like a dating sim type thing.
I think this is actually all photoshopped.
Oh God, it sprung too!
It's a funny idea, however, they're never going to go in that market because they're
too family friendly.
Somebody was very, very bored.
Very bored and very horny, I guess.
Whoever made it in Ten Girls, go outside, seriously.
We don't have an advice column tonight because Dark Sakura's not here, but that's my advice.
If this is you, go outside, please.
Seriously.
Get some fresh air.
The other thing is, Famitsu Magazine put up some pictures of Final Fantasy XII.
Which we will be referring to from now on as the sexy Final Fantasy XII.
Just kidding.
Okay.
Yeah, you have to admit, the screenshots are sexy.
They are pretty sexy, but to me it looks like console version of XI, to be honest.
I mean, it's got the same characters.
Did you play the demo at E3 a couple years ago when they were actually demoing it?
I mean, lord knows what's changed in the past two years, but the battle system felt like
a fusion of Final Fantasy XI and the old school Final Fantasies, but I don't know, in the
past couple years, they might have changed that. I don't know. It's hard to tell anymore.
They'll probably show it next year, too. It's going to be like the new Halo 2 of E3. They'll
show it like three years in a row without the damn game coming out.
Well, you know. I mean, Dragon Quest VIII is coming around the corner here pretty soon.
You're supposed to have that demo packed in.
Yes, it is. So, that would be something to check out. Except, I have my whole qualms
with Dragon Quest VIII looking exactly like Dragon Ball Z. Granted, I know it's the same
artist, but come on. It looks exactly the same. It's just, no. It's like Dragon Ball
Z. It even has Dragon in the name. It's wrong. It's very wrong. Yeah, I don't really have
much. All right, that's all right. I was looking at a story very briefly. It talks about Japan
reconsidering the game ratings. They may adopt some stricter standards for 18 plus
I wonder if that's a paranoia over in this country starting to set in over there.
There was basically like an event that happened.
It was like a gathering of top industry players and they had a session and the topic was video
games and their effects on the youth.
In a proposal by government representatives, which was kind of similar to what was going
on here, they put forward an initiative that said that there would be a distinct indication
of games contents on the packaging to change the CERO18 rating to something that is recommended
for 18 and over to prohibited for under 18.
So then they came out and these companies got together and it sounds like Square Enix
president Yoichi Wada actually told the group that there was still a need for more studies
to be done on the games influence of children.
as its games. Yes, and what games are on the Gizmondo?
The Gizmondo, they've got SSX3, last year's version of SSX,
and I believe FIFA 2005,
last year's version of that Sticky Balls,
which, whatever the hell that is. Doesn't sound like something I want to be walking to the
camera with?
The other bad things about the Gizmondo,
when you turn it on, it takes 40 seconds to boot.
The other thing is,
In order to turn it off, you have to actually go through this menu, almost like Windows,
and you have to hit shutdown.
The other thing though is it's available in two versions, one for $2.29, which is being
sold right now.
Then they're going to have the premium version, which is selling for $3.39.
The $2.29 version, you get ads sent to your Gizmondo, and in order to shut off your Gizmondo,
you have to watch the three ads each day.
And for the 3.39 version, you don't get ads, so...
That's the truth?
That's a real truth about the system?
One of the reviews said that.
If that is for real, then this...
Yeah, I'm lost for words.
It seemed like an interesting idea at E3 and it has quickly become...
If that is true, I may proclaim this thing the worst gaming system of the past several
years.
I don't know, there's another system out there that really does want that title and that
would be the N-Gage.
Oh shit, yeah.
That's a tough call.
I'm afraid to say, even with the 40 second load, the N-Gage won't frickin' show you
ads when you shut it down, though.
It's funny though, they said that one way you could bypass those is pull out the batteries,
but you know.
That's so stupid.
Why would you pay $3.39 for the system anyways?
I could have this really crappy handheld system or I could get a 360, get a PSP, get any other
system out there on the market.
Nice knowing you Gizmondo, nice knowing you.
Follow up to something we were talking about last week, Children of Mana on the DS.
Of course, Famitsu magazine once again spilling the beans on what's going on with Children
of Mana.
It's going to be very similar to the previous Zelda games, Zelda style Secret Amano games.
It's going to be about 25 to 30 hours of gameplay plus side quests to keep things going longer.
What's also interesting about this, it's going to have a big anime opening sequence.
For those of you guys that have Castlevania DS and saw the big anime opening sequence,
they're going to have something like that in Children of Mana, which was kind of cool
as well.
Depending on the character that you're doing, you will be able to do different actions with
your weapon.
So if you play as Frick, you can block incoming attacks with like a guard and you can cut
grass and stuff.
And then Pop, the character, has a flail, but it has a really large attack range and
can kind of do like a boomerang thing and get long distance items.
And then there's another character, Tumble, and you can stun enemies from a long range
with arrows.
And there's also going to be a Fever Gauge that will build up as you attack enemies.
it's full, you do a super attack that's unique for each weapon. Why they're calling it a
fever gauge and not a limit break, which it just sounds the same damn thing as, I'm not
sure. Whatever, that's cool. Sounds like it'll be pretty cool. I'll definitely want to check
that out. And you know we love to talk about video games that are being made into movies.
Oh yeah, usually most of them. Did you go see Doom this weekend? Not yet. I have plans
to go see it no matter how bad it is.
I will not probably see this.
I like Doom.
I respect Doom.
It's a series.
I like Doom 3.
I thought it was cool.
It's a popcorn movie.
I didn't need the movie.
It's a popcorn movie.
People are looking for some great acting stuff.
You're not going to find it in video game movies until some other actual well-directed
ones come out.
I understand that.
like, I don't know, even Mortal Kombat had a halfway decent story, I suppose.
I really don't understand how you can't make a good video game movie. It's not that
different. Instead of taking the source materials from a book, a play, or something like that,
you're taking it from a game. Big deal. I mean, I don't know why these people can't
get it. They just want to do something special to pay homage to the game or do something
you know, Quirky, don't try that. Do just normal movie stuff. You don't have to go crazy
and do the first-person view for Doom.
Yeah, that's really what sold me on the fact that Doom is going to be stupid, is the first-person
thing.
We get the fact that it was a first-person shooter game, but, you know, for, well, okay,
well, Super Mario Bros. movie was bad, but, I mean, well, it's just, they didn't go like
all pixelated shit.
They didn't stomp on Goombas and stuff.
Exactly. It's not retarded like that. But, of course, you know, Super Mario Bros. movie
came out when they were making these really strange sci-fi movies, you know, like Waterworld
and Judge Dredd and stuff. That was a whole other trend, but whatever.
I still have high hopes for Silent Hill. There's like one little publicity photo out right
now, which tells you nothing about the movie, but I have such high hopes for Silent Hill.
I really hope they're doing that right. And Halo sounds like it might actually be pretty
good, too. You never know.
I think Peter Jackson behind it is a great idea.
So there's some high hopes in 2006, or well I guess Halo will be more like 2007, but still.
Well it's also another thing too is they're making it from a property that people know
what it is instead of like Alone in the Dark.
Most people haven't played Alone in the Dark, I mean it's a game that came out a long-ass
time ago and House of the Dead, not many people have played House of the Dead.
Dungeon Siege is probably the biggest title out of three.
I've never played Dungeon Siege.
Well of course that's another thing where it's like well are you a PC gamer or a console
gamer because I think if you talk to more PC gamers, probably a lot of them have played
Dungeon Siege. I've played Dungeon Siege. It's Diablo, which I'm sure is very insulting
to some Dungeon Siege fans out there, but that was my reaction when I played it. I was
like, oh, it's Diablo by Microsoft.
Halo, it could be good. I mean, the premise is simple. Doom, the premise was simple, but
no.
Almost too simple. I would have rather seen them do a Duke Nukem movie than a Doom.
Duke Nukem would be badass.
Well, anyway, before we get on that tangent, we're going to talk about Hitman.
It's going to be coming up.
Vin Diesel is going to be starring in this film.
It should be interesting.
The director has been named.
It is Skip Woods who directed a movie Thursday, and maybe another movie that a lot of nerds
seem to like, Swordfish.
Swordfish was fucking badass.
So maybe there's hope for Hitman, but I'm not a Vin Diesel fan.
I'm a fan of Swordfish, though.
That movie basically said, I'm going to kick your ass at the very beginning of the movie
and I did that.
It was awesome.
I saw like half of it.
It was a great movie.
The whole movie was just the villain winning and that was the best part of the whole movie.
Alright, no more stories from you, Logie?
Well, I got a couple things about the PSP.
Sure, what's up?
Homebrew stuff.
The first being that there's a game coming out.
It's supposed to be released, I believe in December, DJ Max.
are fans of the music gaming stuff. It's like BeatMania. It's actually an online game right
now. It's Korean. Basically, music gaming over the internet. Kind of like that O2 Jam
as well. Just a really cool music game. They've got pictures out on the website now. They're
also on PSP updates, which is pretty cool. The other thing for music gaming fans is this
game called Button Mashing Revolution. That's when you play DDR on a controller. Yeah, DDR
a controller. They have it for a PSP. You can go download it on PSPupdates.com as well.
Another interesting thing I saw is they have a Pac-Man Racing...
Wait, wait. Does it have Butterfly? I don't know. They have Pac-Man World Rally,
which is going to be coming out here pretty soon. They'll probably compete with the Mario
Kart game. Now, that looks kind of cool. From the screenshots
you get of it, that looks kind of cool. It looks pretty cool.
I hope it's not as shitty as the Crash Bandicoot racing game, though, because, man, those Crash
Bandicoot spin-offs were god-awful.
The Mario Party wannabe game was god-awful, and the racing game was god-awful.
They have a new Crash Tag Team Racing game.
I'm done with Crash Bandicoot.
I really am.
Tag Team Racing?
That sounds like, I don't know, Mario Kart Double Dash?
Sorry, I'm...
My faith in the Crash Bandicoot series went out before.
You want to hear what they did for this one?
They made it a platform game and a racing game, so you can get out of your car and do
platform stuff.
but it's a racing game. Would you lose the race if you got out of your car to lay spikes
down maybe or something? I forget. Alright, sorry, you're in Pac-Man World. Pac-Man World
Race, or World Rally. Wait, wait, wait, wait. This is weird, because isn't there that Mario
Kart arcade game coming out? Aren't there supposed to be Namco characters in that game?
Yeah, there are. Because Namco is a part of that whole Triforce thing that did the F-Zero
Ah, there is. So that's weird because if this is coming out to compete with Mario Kart...
Okay, I got a headache. Forget it.
You see where I'm going with this, though, right?
I see where you're going with this, but yeah. Well, it'll be cool, but it's just, you know,
what can I say?
The other thing that they ported was Quake 2 this week. They've done a new port of that
and that's pretty awesome, but I'm not a huge Quake fan, so...
Oh, I'm going to check it out. I like Quake.
But Quake 2, I mean...
By the first Quake, though, I'm still a purist for the first Quake.
Yeah, well, they have Quake II, or Quake I available right now, and that's pretty awesome,
and Quake II is just going to be even more awesome.
I kind of skipped over Quake II.
I played a lot of Quake I, played a lot of Quake III, didn't play a lot of Quake II.
I don't know.
I'm just weird like that.
Last story of the night, guys.
Hideo Kojima has a blog out there, and it's been out there for a little while on the Kojima
Productions website but now it's in English so you can kind of check out
some of the things he talks about in his blog. What's kind of interesting he
doesn't just talk about games I mean he talked about you know directing
Metal Gear Solid 4 and he's talked about you know some personal things but he
talks about kind of random things as well I thought this was an interesting
quote what he said about Charlie and the Chocolate Factory the movie. I regret
that today's children may identify more with the four children before they
identify with Charlie. Our children live with the prospects of a gloomy dark and
uncertain future. Our materialistic society disallows children the chance to become like
Charlie because of the priorities placed on the fulfillment of desires, the pressure of
entrance examinations, and other forms of competition. Yes, they are forbidden any means
of becoming like Charlie."
Interesting quote.
I know I aspire to be Veruca Salt, I don't know about you, but forget it.
Finally, I've got SQ Stare, you might remember him, he's the guy that's working on hacking
the Wi-Fi in the DS.
He's closing in on the bounty, which stands right now at $2,694.15, but he's pretty much
almost 100% done with everything. Just a few more things to work on, but pretty soon they're
going to be hacking that and God knows what that's going to bring. But I hear some pretty
cool things are going to be coming out for the DS and the Revolution. I know they're
talking about a new Mario Paint. Cool. Oh, like a Mario Paint with a Revolution would
be cool with that controller. Mario Paint with Revolution and imagine Wi-Fi with the
DS. Be able to post your picture chat on HD. That's great. That's beautiful.
So we'll just have to look forward to that.
Okay, sounds good.
All right, final thoughts, your final thought.
I'm going to have to try maybe picking up Metroid Pinball this week because I want to
see about that Rumble Pak thing.
That might be interesting.
Oh man, too many games to buy.
My final thought is there's too many games to buy.
We're getting in that month now where I'm going to be broke.
Oh wait, the Christmas season now.
I'm going to die.
November is like 50 billion games.
It's going to be a fun month for us though with this show.
So you've got to get a lot of free games.
In fact, speaking of which, I'm going to be reviewing next week on the program Midway
Arcade Treasures 3, which I'm looking forward to checking out.
What?
Supports HD.
Does it?
Yes.
Oh, the Midway 2 did too, so awesome.
I am so looking forward to playing Iron Man's Off-Road, which I believe is in here, yes?
Yes.
Super Off-Road, yes.
And Off-Road Thunder, which is awesome, and Hydro Thunder.
Loved Off-Road.
Rush to Rock, Rush 2049.
You know, when I first read about this game, I wasn't that excited about it because I was
like, oh, it's just a bunch of, you know, racing games.
But they are really good racing games, so I think I'll have fun with it.
I'll let you guys know next week on the show.
So anyway, my final thought is, of course, you know, too many games to buy, but we do
have one final, final, final thought, and of course, Orange Launch Radio started as
a music, you know, gaming station and we were dedicated to those music and game fusion games
like Prappa the Rappa and DDR.
In DDR there's been a musician in several of the Dance Dance Revolution games who anybody
who's really into the Dance Dance Revolution games knows and really respects, and that's
Captain Jack.
Captain Jack passed away this week at the age of 43 of a stroke, he was in a coma earlier
this week and then finally passed away.
Captain Jack you would know because he always was in the uniform surrounded by hot ass women
basically.
Captain Jack was just all about fun music.
His music was not going to win any Grammys.
It was not going to be critically acclaimed.
It was just about fun and getting stuck in your head with those little March songs.
That's what DDR is all about because a lot of people when they get into DDR, they go
play it and then they run home and they burn a CD of all the DDR songs and listen to it
in their car and show all their friends and stuff.
Captain Jack is just a part of that.
The dance game community and really the music community as a whole lost somebody really
awesome this week.
So we wanted to dedicate tonight's episode to Captain Jack and although we don't normally
play music on the podcast, we felt tonight it would be appropriate to play a little clip
of you guys, of Captain Jack with Together in Forever.
So we're going to close out with this tonight.
Have a great week and we'll see you next week.
Together, forever, we're all for one
Together, forever, come and set me free
Set me free tonight
Baby, let me be your guide
Ooh, set me free tonight
Take your way too fast
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com See you next update!
