Orange Lounge Radio 2 Go Edition, week of October 3rd, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio 2 Go Edition, your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Logan.
Hello, everybody. Once again, welcome to the Orange Lounge Radio 2 Go Edition, your home for all that news that gamers really want to know about.
Thanks so much for subscribing to us, we really do appreciate your support.
We are an independent production, you know, it's just three buddies here doing a show
out of a spare bedroom in one of our apartments, really.
So we appreciate you guys supporting just, you know, the independent podcast.
We do this because we love video games and we never shut up about them.
Isn't that right, Dark Sakura, one of my lovely co-hosts over there?
I don't shut up about anything ever.
This is true.
Video games is one of them though, right?
Yeah, I'd have to say video games are probably up at the top of the list, that and Serenity.
Loki is here as well, the tech master Loki.
Yes, I am.
How are you doing?
I'm good.
He never shuts up about video games either.
Yeah, and in fact, even the people I work with who we sell video games and they still
don't like listening to me.
But you love bacon.
Yes, I have my I Love Bacon shirt on.
Awesome.
Good choice.
All right, let's get right into it.
We don't mess around.
into tonight's topics, we always start it off by letting you know what's going on in
our gaming world. Start off with Dark Sakura.
I did something really stupid. I did the wrong homework the week before last. So this week
I had to make up for that homework and my geography homework and do a humongous project
in Illustrator.
So no time for games.
I played with my puppies.
Okay, well that's something.
I did go into Bark Mode about three times this week though with other people.
All right, were you able to get any cool unlocks that way?
No, however, my friend has an extra Fireman's Hat and is going to lend it to me because
if you ever have the Fireman's Hat in your inventory at any time, you will automatically
have a Dalmatian even if you give the hat away.
Interesting.
Okay.
So, I'm going to get a Dalmatian next week.
I have to be honest, I haven't been that into Nintendogs.
It's kind of my interest.
Did your puppies run away?
No, not yet, but they all have fleas because I haven't been bathing them.
Ew.
Oh well.
Loki, what's your game that we've been like?
I tried Lost in Blue Bit for the DS and that was kind of fun and then had to play the stupid
dogs because otherwise they'll run away.
You know, I'm actually taking two of my copies back.
I don't want them.
The game's not that interesting and after, you know, buying...
Well, you did kind of make a mistake by buying all three versions and not realizing that
all you've seen...
I didn't know.
I didn't realize it.
You need to bring your other versions so that I can get your dogs.
I guess.
We'll have to do that before I return them, but...
Anyways, so the other than that, I've been playing DDR Extreme 2, and that was fun.
That's a good dance game, except my dance pads don't work it right now, so I have to
play it on the controller.
Boring.
Ah, whatever.
You know, when I was staring at my copy of Graffiti Kingdom this week, thinking, when
am I going to play this, and I didn't play it this week, so maybe next week.
But yeah, hopefully I'm going to be playing some more PSP games, especially tomorrow,
or not tomorrow, on Tuesday, because I potentially have jury duty and I've got to wait all day
to get called in. So, lots of time for the portable games.
If it makes you feel any better, my copy of We Love Katamari is still unwrapped.
But you did finally get it. Yes, I got it the night after the show.
It's not such a touchy subject for you anymore. No, not as touchy. It's a very wrapped subject.
I keep it under wraps. That was awful.
That was awful.
That was really bad.
Boo!
Alright.
I did it on purpose.
Anything else, Logie?
No, that's really it.
Alright.
Things that I have been playing this week, I actually checked out Pack and Roll for the
Nintendo DS.
Kind of fun, it's pretty cool.
It's one of those, like, kind of quickie games.
Like, it's a game that I don't think I could really see myself, like, oh, I'm gonna sit
down for three hours and just have a marathon Pack and Roll session.
It's kind of one of those things where, like, yeah, I could, like, fire this up, play a
level while I'm waiting for something else, then just save it and do it again later.
So it's kind of a nice, simple, relaxing action game.
I spent at least 30 minutes on it at E3, on the one level.
I didn't find it to be quite so addicting, I mean it was kind of cool, it was a really
cool concept.
Yes, it kind of whores the stylus features of the DS out, but you know, it's in a good
way.
I guess that's what the stylus is for.
I like the idea that you kind of use Pac-Man as like a trackball, although part of me kind
of wonders what that game would be like if you actually had a trackball. The game would
surprisingly be a hell of a lot like Crystal Castles, that old, old Atari game.
It made me think of Marble Madness.
Marble Madness kind of, I thought, because with the dots and everything, it really reminded
me of Crystal Castles, but instead you were using the stylus to kind of draw your kind
of roll with the pen, so it was kind of neat. And you do like all these different moves.
It's still kind of only like a borderline recommendation for me though. I think if you're
a fan of this type of genre, I think you'll get a kick out of this, but it's also a type
of thing that I kind of, I couldn't see myself playing it for a heck of a long time. I couldn't
see myself playing this game until I beat it. I think I'd kind of get sick of it. And
the graphics weren't, the graphics, it looked like a Playstation game on my DS, which I
guess is kind of cool, but I don't know, I don't think I really liked the graphical style
of the game. It was kind of dumb. I didn't care for it, but Pac-Man looked really cute
in the little bottom window where he's the controller.
Better than Pac-Pix. Pac-Pix sucked. And I got rid of that game quick. And then I got
this game. And I was just like, eh. Eh.
Dude, Pac-Pix was awesome.
So borderline recommendation for Pac and Roll for me. The other game, I didn't play this
enough. I'm not going to make a final judgment on this game. I did play a little bit of Lost
in Blue. It seemed a little... I don't know if it's just not my type of game. If I'm just
not into those point-and-click games. Although, I don't know, for some reason I was thinking
like King's Quest, but with the little added, like, you can actually use the stylus to dig
in the sand and kind of explore. Seemed a little gimmicky to me, but I don't think
I played enough of the game to really get a feel for this yet. I want to give the game
another shot, so I'm not going to make a final judgment on it yet, but I did check
it out. I don't know if I'm going to like this one, though. It just doesn't seem
like my kind of game, but we'll see.
I played it for a little bit. I played it through the first day that you're on the
Island, and it's like you have to do things really in order, otherwise you're only player
is going to die, because you start off with very little life, and it's just like...
It seemed like it would be really easy to lose in the beginning, a little frustrating,
but I don't know, I'm going to wait and play it more.
It was pretty frustrating. I hear like trying to hunt the animals and stuff later on is
even more frustrating, and just stuff that, the games are very frustrating.
Oh, and the text boxes were horrible too, like you only see one line of text at a time,
and you have to wait, even though I put my display speed on fast, I don't like that method
of showing text. So, I don't know if I'm going to like this one, guys, but I'm not making
a final judgment yet. There might be something that happens. There's a lot of games I first
play and I don't like them, and then I warm up to them later. So, I'm going to check it
out. A lot of games coming out next month I want for the DS, like Trauma Center. That's
going to be fun. I want to check out Trauma Center as well. There's something I'm waiting
on for the GBA. What's that? A whole lot. Gunstar Super Heroes. Oh, yeah, that game
looks like it's going to be awesome. One other game I checked out this week was Dance Dance
Revolution Extreme 2, of course, you know, Orange Launch Radio was started on the music
video games and kind of grew beyond that, but you know, I still have a place in my heart
for the music video games.
Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2, if you are a fan of the dancing games in any capacity,
you must, I highly recommend Dance Dance Revolution Extreme 2.
I talked about this a lot more on Sunday night's live 3 hour show, but I think it really kind
of transitioned the series from being an arcade port, which every other version before this
was, to a home console version of DDR, and that's through the dance master mode where
you kind of learn, and it's very similar to BeatMania 2DX's drill mode, where you kind
of do little missions and step on these arrows and do this part of the song and get a full
combo here, but that's really how you unlock all your songs, and I think that's just kind
of a neat concept, a neat way to do the game, so I think fans of the series are going to
love it and there's just a great song list for fans of Babani. If you're not so much
a dance game fan, if you're just the type that plays the games casually, I don't think
Extreme 2 is a good entry level pick. I think it's not a good party game because the song
list is so limited to just the licenses when you first start and you really have to work
at it to get unlocks, unlike the other games which were all time unlocks. And supposedly
this game has time unlocks in it as well, we don't know yet for sure, but I haven't
played it enough to really know for sure. So, if you're more of a casual fan or if you're
curious about DDR, I would recommend you start on Max 2, which was from two years ago, but
it had a very solid song list and, you know, I think it was a lot more accessible for people
who hadn't really played DDR before, so that's just my recommendation. Otherwise, graphics
in the game are great, they gave every song a unique music video this time, it's great.
The sound, of course, kick butt song list, couple of licenses I didn't like, but that's
bound to happen when you have such a diverse song list.
And the gameplay, it's DDR.
What else can I say?
So, highly recommend if you're a fan of music games, kinda borderline if you're not so much,
if you just are interested in dance games and want to get into the series.
I have to disagree with most of the music selection, though, because I wasn't too impressed.
With what you heard.
Yeah, it wasn't, it was like a bunch of repetitive, old, same old trance.
I think when you see what they picked from the old games, though, to put next to it,
though, I think it makes it a lot more solid. They really took a lot of the things the fans
have been asking for for years. Sakura, Daikonkai, Cartoon Heroes, Sink, it's all in there. So
that's kind of nice that Konami, you know, really, I think, really listen to their DDR
fans on this one. Anyway, yes?
I actually did have something that I had forgotten to mention earlier.
Back to the Gunstar Heroes release.
There's actually going to be a Sega Ages treasure chest.
I found this on Treasure's homepage.
It's featuring Gunstar Heroes' dynamite heady alien soldier.
And of course in the Sega Ages 2500 collection it will be sold for 2500 yen.
And I hope that comes out here.
Also, Treasure is doing the Bleach game, but that's off of the anime.
Hmm.
Okay.
Cool.
If it's Treasure, it's gotta be good.
You know, I actually liked the SEGA collection they put out.
A lot of people really panned it and said it was awful, and I guess that's probably
because of the Golden Axe remake, but you know, I thought it was a good deal.
I thought it was better than that Namco collection that just came out.
I thought the SEGA one was way better, but...
I didn't buy it because we've already so far have some of the SEGA Aegis games we went
to since we imported them.
Have any of you guys picked up the Midway Arcade Treasures 3 yet?
Not three, I'm definitely interested because it has, I didn't even realize this game was
in it, but it has Iron Man's Off-Road in it.
That was like my favorite racing game, which is kind of not even really, like, it's borderline
racing.
But yeah, I want to check that out.
I've heard good things about it.
I'll tell you what broke my heart.
Our landlord, who's actually good friends of ours, cleaned out some stuff out of their
attic in the garage and brought down an Atari 2600 wood grain that had cobwebs all over
right now. It made my heart break to have a box full of games. I was like, noooo! Except
it was like that slow motion, noooo!
Loki got me thinking about racing games. You know, did you hear about what's coming to
America that was in Japan, but it's finally, it's going to make its way in limited release
in America. At least I read this on some gaming site this week.
Mario Kart GP.
Mario Kart GP.
Sweet.
I know. I can't wait to check that out.
Alright.
You know what I actually think Nintendo should do?
Hmm?
I know that some of the games were remade later on for the DS, not the DS, but the GameCube.
They should do like a 64 double D collection.
Possibly.
Because they got the 64 double D in Japan and we never got it.
But I heard that the version of F-Zero was supposed to be really excellent.
I mean, of course, we got an upgrade.
Maybe there's something you can download on the Revolution. Who knows?
Possible.
We'll see. Anyway, we need to do some follow-up from last week.
We had two contests last week, we're going to give away some stuff and the first thing
is we're going to give away a copy of the DDR Extreme 2 V-Rare as well as a copy of
the Max 2 V-Rare.
We gave one away on the live show last week and we told you guys on the podcast you had
a chance to enter this week.
Many of you did, so DarkSakura pull a number out of the hat and let's see who's going to
win the copy of the V-Rares.
Remember guys, these aren't games, they're the V-Rares, the soundtracks.
some folks in their email subjects that I want to win the games. Sorry, guys, it's just
the soundtracks. We don't have that big a budget yet.
All right, who are we giving it to? What's the number? Number 28. Number 28, okay, let's
see, it's 15. This will be number 30. This is 28 right here. Our winner is Joseph E.
Joseph E. is the winner of the other soundtracks we're going to give away there. His email
address says Red Star in it, so I'm guessing that's his handle there. So congratulations
to you. You've won the other soundtracks. Good job.
Also what we're going to give away, we're going to give away, now this is a game that
we're giving away. We're giving away a copy of In the Groove and this is another dance
game that's out. We have a lot of dance games to give away. Are we going to give away some
non-dance games in the coming weeks, Loki? Yes, yes we are. Okay. Obviously we love dance
games, but we've got to give away some other stuff too. Anyway, this is a copy of In the
the Groove that has been autographed by all the hosts here at Orange Lounge Radio and
what you had to do was write a haiku about In the Groove and it had to be five syllables,
seven syllables, three syllables, not five, seven, five because that's a horrible inside
joke and Loki is going to sweeten the deal.
You're throwing in something else, aren't you?
I'm throwing in a t-shirt that says In the Courtroom but it's in the style of the logo
for In the Groove because they got sued by Konami.
Youíre going to throw in something that says ìIn the courtroom.î Then weíre also going
to give away to all of our winners, not just the folks who won In the Groove. We have some
Silent Hill 3 stickers that were given to us by somebody at Konami, so weíre going
to give away some Silent Hill 3 stickers to those folks that won all these various prizes.
We also decided to give a runner-up prize because we got so many hilarious haikus. Weíre
going to give away a runner-up prize as well. Weíre just going to give away some assorted
soundtracks that we have. I think we've got some, I want to say a Resident Evil soundtrack
or something.
And ESPN.
Yeah, so we're going to give away those soundtracks to our runner-up. Let's find out who won.
The runner-up, here is the haiku that is the runner-up in the in the Groove haiku contest.
Minds, mods, and much more. In the Groove will help you score, just not dates.
That was brilliant.
That was great. That's our runner-up.
It actually had a rhyme in it.
Yeah, that's good. That's our runner-up, Asian Buddy Paul. Asian Buddy Paul is our runner-up.
Congratulations. And here is our winner. You want a haiku? Maybe about In the Groove? They
got sued. That was the best. That was Justin M. is our winner of the In the Groove contest.
Congratulations. Yay. All right. Good job, guys. We did get lots of good ones. We did
get lots of good ones. You guys crack us up, so good job. We have to do more creativity
competitions.
Absolutely.
Encouraging people to use their brains and think independently is always good.
Absolutely.
Of course.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news tonight.
We're going to start off with some news about the Xbox 360.
GameSpot actually ran a report earlier this week that the Xbox Chief Officer Robbie Bach
expects half of all Xbox 360 owners to be on Xbox Live.
In the article, it goes on to say that only about 10% of current Xbox users, which would
be about 2 million people, use the current version of Xbox Live, but because theyíre
going to have this free silver version of Xbox Live thatís going to be on the 360,
the chief officer there believes that 50% of the users will go on because itís free.
And to me, I kind of think, ìWell, duh, yeah, if itís free, more people are going to use
it.î I actually think 50% is kind of low.
I think more people are wired this day and age for Internet access, high speed.
I think that they could maybe get more people on it.
He's not accounting for consumer apathy.
Maybe.
Maybe.
I don't know.
It seems to me like there's a possibility for distortion here, because if the only way
that you can really play the games online is to do the Xbox Gold, because we did this
a few weeks back.
We were talking about the differences between silver and gold.
Silver just basically got you on there and you could communicate with people, but you
couldn't really play them, right?
You have to go gold for that.
That would be correct.
they end up saying that 70% of the people are on Xbox Live. Well, does that mean 70%
of the people are playing games on there? No, so I don't know. I don't know how much
weight this story holds.
It's a huge number, that's all.
I was kind of surprised this story got as much attention as it did, because I'm like,
so, if it's free, people are going to use it. I don't know.
I think that wins the award of the evening.
We'll see. We'll see. Dark Soccer, you actually had a story about the Xbox 360's launch as
well, didn't you?
Actually, I got an email from one of our listeners, one of our regular writers as well, from Rob
with Two Bees.
I'm just going to go ahead and read this email real quick, just because I think it's very
well written and brings up a good point.
It's been hitting the internet gaming news about Microsoft rejecting the Blu-ray DVD
format.
I'm not really interested in the reasons, but rather why it's an issue at all, so maybe
the crew can help me with that.
I actually thought it would be a good thing to bring up for discussion.
Unless you have three hours of video, why would one DVD be insufficient for a game?
The reason I ask myself this is how can there be so much code
and support files to engulf an entire DVD? The compiled code itself should be a
fraction of the entire content,
but I've noticed that games of
practically the same complexity as Tetris
are three megabytes and higher. This can only mean developer kits, uncompressed
files and non-optimized code. I'd be the first to admit that devkits are necessary, but why
are companies compiling all of the libraries into a game that use less than half of all
the features? There's no one answer to that question. It's most likely a combination of
sufficient documentation, closed source code, programming shops, and the acceptance of software
that barely meets the expected performance. All of that excepted, it still has to be unnecessarily
large support files that really push them over the edge. Overly large and or detailed
bitmaps compressed along with the code instead of as bitmaps. The same with video and sound.
It may not use more of the file specific compression algorithms. It brings me to a conclusion that
if the file fills more than a DVD, you may want to reconsider your content. Make sure
that you�re not adding fluff to distract the player from the core game is absolutely
piece of crap. Almost every movie licensed game fits this description.
Interesting. You know, my initial thought as to why you would need so much space though
is that isn't the Xbox 360, if I'm not mistaken, isn't Microsoft forcing all the Xbox 360 games
to be high-def compatible?
I believe so.
Which I think is a good thing. Nintendo, are you listening? And that would take up more
space by default, I would think.
I don't think it would take up a whole DVD.
Well, I think the thing is when you're pushing these higher-res games, you're going to have
higher-res textures. More of them, if you've seen Project Anthem Racing, they mean whole
buildings are textured. Of course, it takes up more space. It's not coding that's going
to take up space at all. Coding is tiny. It's basically all these textures and audio and
stuff that you've got. I don't even know how many channels of audio you've got on the 360
and stuff, 5.1 and everything. It's the difference between why a DVD video file is 4 gigs and
a DivX file is only 600 megs. In quality, you're going to see a big difference there
too. Blu-ray, the only reason they're not going with Blu-ray is because Sony is the
one thatís making Blu-ray so, duh, theyíre not going to support their competitor.
I agree though with whatís being said about it really comes down to the quality of games.
You know, thereís going to be those crap games that donít make good use of the space,
but I really think there will be games out there that are just going to have some stunning
cut scenes and things that could take up, you know, feasibly more room than a normal
DVD could handle. I donít know if there will be any launch titles, but you know, I think
down the line if there's that room for expansion, naturally the games have to grow.
Well, I also got another email that's sort of the converse of that. One of our other
listeners, Tony, brought to our attention this. Something about Volision recently stating
that their 360 game Saints Row will not have flyable aircraft because they can't stream
the hard drive data fast enough from the disk. They will have to use the hard drive, but
I'm just quoting here, as we know developers can't assume the hard drive will always be
there for the 360.
So, the question is, do you see this as a growing trend where we're going to see more
eye candy and less game play?
I think unfortunately that's kind of...
I think it's kind of...
It's happening already.
I think it's been a trend that's been happening already.
Absolutely.
I think there's games...
But, you know, sometimes there's games out there that have a lot of good eye candy, but
they have good game play too, like Xenosaga comes to mind.
I mean, God, that game was like half just sit and watch the cut scenes, but it was still
a good game, but I think what he said there about the movie franchise games are some of
the biggest culprits of that stuff.
Not always, but usually the biggest culprits of that stuff, I think he made an excellent
point with that.
I think those games have always been about the eye candy a lot of times and making you
remember the movie and things.
I think it's kind of a trend that's going on already and I think it will just continue
to go.
that was the big thing that spawned the whole, oh, PlayStation is better than Saturn bullshit
of a few years ago. The thing is, though, is that most of the people that were saying
that never imported a single Saturn game, and were not 2D gamers.
I think this goes all the way back to Super Nintendo. Remember those games that would
horror mode 7? Yeah.
And there was really nothing else to it. It was just, oh, look at the pretty mode 7.
But then again, the Super Nintendo, you know, they had, they were one of the first systems
to do polygons.
True.
Although, actually, there was a system out before that that did it, but not in America.
The PC Engine Duo had a game called Sapphire that was one of their arcade card games, which
that system was so intelligent to have those upgradeable cards to support the different
games.
But I've played this game.
It's got really pretty graphics in it for its time, and in-game polygons.
There were some great mode 7 games, such as pilot wings, I loved, and some of the other
older ones.
We had Star Fox, I mean, even FX in, like, Dracula X.
But see, you had the Star Fox game, but then there was some buggy racing game or something
that was stupid.
I didn't like it.
Stunt Race FX.
Stunt Race FX.
Yeah, that was one of them.
I didn't like that.
But some of the other races, F-Zero.
Sure.
We got to move on though. If you want to email us, send us an email at togo at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
We'll get to some more emails a little later in the show, yes?
All right.
Loki, you had a story about now the Xbox 360. There was some type of teaser site going on
and the countdown finished this week. What happened?
Origin Xbox360.com. It would have been great if you live in the UK because guess what?
it's a UK launch site. Basically, you can enter to win a trip to the launch party that's
in Vegas, if I remember correctly, or New York in the United States, but you have to
be in the UK in order to enter this. Basically, the website was teasing it with some cutout
pictures of rabbits and this giant tree that was growing. At the very end, you have these
rabbits and the whole thing reminds me of Monty Python, the way it's done. Basically,
the rabbits, one of them eats the fruit that makes them hallucinate, and then you go to
the maiden site. It was a complete letdown. We were thinking it was going to be something
cool, but unless you were in the UK, it was not.
But we do have listeners in the UK, so hey.
Hey, good for you guys. Congratulations.
It's a great site. It's cute. It has rabbits that talk and little bunny things. I love
bunnies and then 10 bunnies would be good, but the problem is they multiply too fast.
Yeah, I don't know. It was a really cool site. Unfortunately, it's only for the U.K.
The punchline sucked, in other words. It was really dumb because the whole thing,
if you have a launch site like this and you're basically making it seem like, oh, the world's
connected, except for you people in the U.S., you're not connected to the world, so forget
you.
Well speaking, now we talk a lot about release dates in the US for games here on the show,
but Dark Sakura once in a while likes to give our UK listeners, because we have a pretty
big group there that listens, and thanks to you guys in the UK that listen, not just there,
but we have folks in Australia, Asia, all over the world listening to this program.
Love you guys, unfortunately we can't go over everybody's calendar, but we do once in a
while like to go over the UK's calendar, and Dark Sakura wants to let you guys know what's
going on for the release calendar in Europe.
We have a number of games coming out this week, Black and White 2 for the PC, Armored
Core Nexus, Geist, King of Fighters 2003 for Xbox, Nintendogs is coming out in the UK on
the 7th, Shattered Union, Stargate 1 SG-1, which I actually really want to play, Tim
Burton's The Nightmare Before Christmas The Pumpkin King, also on the 14th coming out
we've got driver for the GBA stay away driver three for the GBA yeah driver
three sorry um Marvel nemesis rise of the imperfects Namco museum battle
collection Rengoku Tower of purgatory serious Sam too those are some of the
ones coming out and also I don't know why it took some they're all also on the
21st getting Dragon Ball Z budakai tenkaichi I'm actually boom budakai tenkaichi
hasn't come out yet it's not coming out until November
According to Eurogamer, their release is October 21st for the UK.
Lucky them.
Yeah, because November it's not coming out until, I think, the second or third week.
It's a good thing-
Oh, wait, no, wait!
No, I'm sorry, that was October.
We're getting it a week later, though.
It's a good thing I could care less about Dragon Ball Z.
Genji is also coming out, which is actually a game that I have at home.
And we did bring a pack and roll earlier.
They get it on the 28th.
All right.
Zen Osaka Episode 2, also on the 28th.
If you know a place that rents DS games, seriously, rent Before You Buy on that one.
I think it's one of those ones you'll love it or you'll not.
Alright, thank you.
You're welcome.
Cool.
Let's move on to, I've got to ask Loki, kind of our hack and crack guy, I don't
follow the hack scene so much, but obviously I heard the big news about the 2.0 downgrade.
What happened?
Okay, so the people that found that bug to begin with, in the 2.0 firmware, basically
be able to launch their own code by doing a buffer overflow.
They basically created this program to make the PSP think that's version 1.0.
When you do that, then you can run the version 1.5 update and basically downgrade your entire
PSP.
This method has been posted all over the place.
I think it started off at psphacks.com is where they originally posted it.
Basically everyone that had version 1.51 or 1.52 or even a 2.0, they've been downgrading
to play the homebrew stuff again. So, what would you expect Sony to do? Yes, they released
version 2.01.
No surprise there. So now, so if you were thinking about going back and forth between
2.0 and 1.5, it's going to be hard to get on 2.0 now, unless you know where to get.
Not exactly. If you're the one that's in the homebrew site, they do have links to the firmware.
They do keep copies on their servers for the Japanese and stuff, so.
Not surprised Sony ticked off about this, although you'd think they'd embrace the homebrew
thing a little more.
No.
You'd think they'd take advantage of it.
They'd take advantage of it, at least, you know?
I don't know.
I was telling my guy that, you know, represents H-Tech, I'm like, why aren't they coming
out with RPG Maker for the end of the PSP?
I'm like, it'd be freaking sweet.
You'd put your own textures and stuff in there.
You can distribute your games online.
It's homebrew, but it's legal.
I mean, what more would you want?
But I always found it interesting that, like, in the 2.0 upgrade, there were things, like,
remember there was a hack a few months ago before 2.0 came out that would allow you to
changed the background on your PSP and then they implemented that in 2.0. I thought that
was kind of interesting.
Yeah, there's stuff like that, but that's the thing though. The other reason is people
are only really upgrading to use the web browser, but when you think about it, the web browser
is kind of useless anyways. I don't know, there's not a lot of sites that support it
right now. It doesn't support Flash and it's really limited on, it doesn't support Java.
us, so it's like, they're teething, oh, well, maybe future firmware updates will implement
that. Well, thank you for releasing something crippled for us. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Yeah, a good way for them to cover their tracks when this kind of stuff comes up, though.
But the whole thing is, they're working with Homebrew on even the 2.0, and if they get
smart enough, they're going to figure out how to just rip stuff out of the different
updates and build their own update. That's what's going to happen.
Interesting.
And speaking of updates, I have to warn a few people here.
There was something going around actually that was basically saying it's a patcher
that will fix your PHP to add the browser in there as well.
And it's basically this patcher that's been going around, I don't know who is releasing
a PSP team supposedly and it will actually crash your PSP and destroy it.
always got to be somebody that wants to mess it up for everybody else.
So yeah, don't download that but do find the big links for it. It's out there.
Now speaking of the PSP, we here at Orange Lounge Radio have a pretty hefty announcement
and I think it's time to mention what it is. Loki, what is going on Orange Lounge Radio
PSP wise?
Well, everybody's having the PSP and those people do have the 2.0 browser or A web browser
out there that they're using on the PSP or looking for more portals and links and stuff
like that.
We here at Orange Launch Radio decided it's time to get with things and we like to be
innovative and jumped on the whole podcasting thing right when it was getting started here.
So now we actually will be announcing the launch of OLRPSP.com, which will be our PSP
formatted site.
find links to download a podcast straight to your PSP. Weíre going to have downloads
just like we have a wallpaper on there now that you can download for it. And plus youíll
be able to keep up with the news that we have and a lot of other things, just more features.
So thatís OLRPSP.com. Now you can visit this on a PC but on your regular Internet Explorer
500, itís going to look kind of crappy because this site is formatted for your PSP. This
is specifically for those folks.
it looks kind of okay on a... It's okay, but if you're wondering why it
looks all funky, it's because it's specifically for a PSP.
It looks pretty good if you have a high-definition screen.
Oh yeah, oh yeah. Yeah, it looks really nice.
Loki and VX Jason XV, our tech guy behind the scenes, you guys did an incredible job
on this and I think people are going to love it because I love the way you guys designed
the site. You didn't make it. You used a lot of image maps in your design
and I think that's a great way to browse on the PSP, so check it out guys.
And I've got my 2.0 PSP that I was actually testing it with right as I'm making it so
make sure that everything worked, that it looked nice. And it just works awesome. And
the first wallpaper we have, I have it on my PSP. It looks nice. It doesn't detract
from the icons so you can see everything. And ironically enough, it worked out that
way but it's just really cool.
Let's check that out, OLRPSP.com.
No WWW, remember folks, because otherwise that won't work.
Really?
All right, check that out. All right, moving on. Let's go to another story
here. I have a story about Disgaea 2. A lot of folks are really into Disgaea. Cute story.
Very cute story to it and a very interesting game there. Disgaea 2 has been announced in
the latest issue of Dengeki PS2. It's going to be out for 2006. That is going to be what
is coming out, and the Etna, Devil Girl Etna, and the Prinnies, the little penguin guys,
they will be coming back in the next Disgaea as well. Some cameos as well of characters
from Makai Kingdom, which was another game in that same series, I believe, or at least
from the same developer. Yeah, it's the same series.
That was the, what game? Not La Poussel, that was a different game.
Monkei Tencho? Yeah. Monkei Kingdom. So check that out there, it's going to be a very similar
game with the combo system and everything is coming back. So that's Disgaea 2. Let's
go on to, I think what we should do now, we've talked an awful lot about a lot of games so
far, haven't we? Yeah. So I think what we need to do, we need to talk about some real
life things. And you know, we here at Orange Lounge Radio, we can't play video games all
all day long because if we played video games all day long, we'd have no time to design
websites. So DarkSakura is here to remind you guys there is a whole world out there
and she would like to give you some advice to help you survive in the world. So DarkSakura,
what are you going to talk to the kids about tonight? Today's bit of advice is how to survive
a bird attack. Like in the Hitchcock movie? Yeah. Okay. There's even, I even have a picture
that looks like it's from the birds.
Number one, watch for hovering and clacking.
If you observe this behavior, be ready for an attack.
Two, close your eyes and cover your ears.
The birds will swoop down quickly, striking at the head
or shoulders with its wings or beak.
Three, run for cover away from nesting and foraging areas.
Run as fast as you can away from the areas
that the bird is protecting.
Many species of birds will attack if their nests
or foraging areas are disturbed, even incidentally.
If a bird attacks, it will continue to attack
until you leave these areas. But my final bit of advice is don't wander onto the set
of Hitchcock remakes.
And also, they're birds. I mean, come on. You should be able to fight off birds. They're
small.
When they say, don't feed the pigeons, they effin' mean it.
It's just a bird. It's not like a giant duck or goose or something. I mean, if you have
like a flock of geese or something that are...
A flock of seagulls.
Or a flock of, well, seagulls are just pathetic. I mean, they'll drop dead when you give them
you know, Alka-Seltzer, but seriously, I mean, they're birds. I was attacked by a flock of
seagulls once, and you know what? I ran. I ran so far away.
Did it give you bad hair? Stop. Loki, you've got a story about the Nintendo
Wi-Fi DS system that's coming up, and I'm really excited about this. I am so excited
about the DS Wi-Fi. I hope this isn't just one of those things that's a good theory on
paper, but I really hope Nintendo doesn't let me down on this, but this is going to
bigger than I thought. I thought this was just gonna be Animal Crossing and Mario Kart,
but not the case.
Now, they have a lot of things announced for it, actually. The Nintendo Wi-Fi site actually
launched, by launched I mean there's a teaser page there now. So basically, if you go to
NintendoWifi.com and you check it out, their wonderful logo for it. The games that they're
seeing that are going to be utilizing the Wi-Fi. They have a huge list here. This is
only partial too. It's of course Animal Crossing, Bomberman, which is a surprise. I'm assuming
that's the Bomberman that came out already.
Maybe there's another one. I don't know.
There might be another one. I haven't heard of one. Castlevania DS, which that's coming
out in a couple of days here. We have Contact, which I hope is not a game based on the really
crappy movie.
I somehow doubt it.
Digimon World, of course, you can probably make a DS version.
Dynasty Warriors DS, which I heard was actually pushed back to who knows when.
Some really good ones.
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles DS, which is pretty cool.
I hope that's playable, that would be great.
Mario Kart DS, of course, no surprise.
Metro Prime Hunters, which isn't even coming out until next year.
Let's see here, Super Monkey Ball DS, which whoop-a-dee-doo.
Tony Hawk's American Skateland, which is the DS version of American Wasteland, but they
did their own specific version for it.
Topspin 2, Tenchu DS, then they have some generic card games, they have Ultimate Card
Games and Ultimate Brain Games, and then World Soccer Winnie 11 DS.
Cool.
For the Record, Contact is by Goichi Tsuda, who is the director of Capcom's Killer 7.
Oh, it's that game.
That's weird.
That's weird.
No, it shouldn't suck.
Good.
No Jodie Foster.
This isn't launching until November, but hey, that's when Mario Kart is coming out.
That's pretty exciting.
What's the website for that?
The teaser site?
Nintendo.com?
NintendoWifi.com.
NintendoWifi.com.
Check it out.
Okay.
Let's talk about...
I have some movie-related news.
I don't know why, but we seem to always talk about movies on this program.
I saw the trailer for this one.
What?
Actually, I didn't even...
What are you thinking?
This is Grandmaís Boy.
I didnít even realize the trailer was out already.
It is a brand new Adam Sandler movie thatís coming out now.
Why would we care here on a video game show about an Adam Sandler movie?
Because in the film, Grandmaís Boy, he plays a 36-year-old game tester and aspiring developer,
and itís about Adam Sandlerís stuff.
Itís funny.
It's got the mom from Everybody Loves Raymond in it and she's funny, she just tortures
this guy.
It's really good.
But yeah, it does have game testers in it and it's supposedly the most accurate depiction
of game testers.
Well, you know what?
We're going to get some game testers on this show once the movie comes out to tell
us exactly what they think because we've got some contacts.
I know other than our usual people.
Well, yeah.
We've got a couple.
put it this way, it's an Adam Sandler film. It can't be too accurate to anything, so...
It should be interesting. Well, here's another one. This is a little more serious of a game
adaptation. Siren is going to be made into a live action film in Japan. Let's see, the
film is going to be directed by Sara Yoshihiko, who made Trick and Kizoku. I hope I pronounced
that right he's writing a treatment right now that's supposed to come out
about February 11th when siren 2 comes out as well so it is being plotted right
now to come out a siren video game you know another franchise it's getting in
their own game or movie pretty soon God of War is being worked on right now
that's not a surprise adaptation but you know they're gonna cast like Vin Diesel
or The Rock for it.
You know what I saw finally on the big screen for the first time was that trailer for Doom,
which I hadn't seen yet.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, that first person thing?
Look hokey.
Yeah.
They're going to use that way too much.
I can understand, let's do that sequence for maybe 30 seconds of the movies to throw back
to the...
Yeah, you know what that reminds me of?
reminds me of what was the not not a house of the dead I think it was where
they had the gun so it is or whatever house of the dead yeah where they threw
in actual shots from the game worst zombie movie ever yeah thank you all
right did you hear about PlayStation what's going on PlayStation doing an
Emmy an Emmy yeah was it one of those things that Ellen gave out on the awards
because I don't remember hearing about that ten years to the day after the
The original PlayStation went on sale in North America.
The console has been awarded an Emmy for outstanding achievement in technology and advanced new
media.
You know how they always do the tech awards that aren't good enough for TV?
The Oscars and the Emmys do that?
Yeah, the 57th Annual Technology and Engineering Emmy Awards.
That's not all that they've won.
What else did they win?
one banishment from the Vatican. I don't know if I consider that winning. No, but basically
Sony Italy has recently put up a full page advertisement depicting some guy wearing a
crown of thorns, much like Jesus. Except this guy had no beard and no mustache, right? Except
this guy looks like he's a, I don't know, some... A nerd? Yeah, some nerd reject or
And he has a crown of thorns made up of the PlayStation symbols, the X circle, square
triangle stuff.
And then the subtitle to the whole article, which I love this, Ten Years of Passion.
Oh my gosh, wow.
How did that get by?
I don't think it did.
The Vatican took exception.
How did that get by at Sony though?
The entirety of Sega Corporate excommunicated now.
Wow, wow, wow.
Yeah, they've actually had it pulled out of the Vatican.
You think?
They executed their Vatican powers.
All right.
Moving on, we promised earlier in the show we'd get to some more of your emails, so if
you have an email for us, you can always send us one at togo, T-O-G-O, at orangelaunchradio.com.
And Dark Sakura's going to rip open the mailbag violently and salvage some letters to read
on air.
Dash, dash, ripped hair.
Xteen Bits sent us an email, a correction about Panorama Cotton stating that it's just
fairly uncommon and that there were several thousand.
I tend to exaggerate with that game because I have had no luck finding a copy for less
than $500.
I'm impressed somebody out there actually knew what the game was.
I sure as hell never heard of it.
Panorama Cotton is fun.
I never heard of it.
Although, it actually does give me sort of motion sickness and Rainbow Cotton didn't
which is really weird because usually it has to be the 3D game that makes me motion sick.
While we're on the subject of corrections, I actually have to correct something too because
I got an email about that.
Tsk, tsk.
I know. DJ Rama S. wants to know that the Miyamoto meet, which we talked about last
week, the article that I was referencing talked about that it was going to be the first 10
people would get to do bark mode with Miyamoto's dog, but unfortunately if you think about
the way bark mode works, there's no way you can restrict that to just being the first
10 people in line that are going to be able to do it because Bark Mode is going to pick
up on any DS that's within 100 feet.
So really it ended up being anybody that could get to Miyamoto's dog got to do Bark Mode
with Miyamoto's dog.
And so a lot of people outside actually ended up getting Miyamoto on their friends list,
which I think is just awesome.
Thank you DJ Ron Maest for sending in that correction.
Also one of our Canadian friends, Aceman, sent a question.
So I'm thinking about getting the 360 when it comes out on launch, but the thing is I don't know about the game selection
Like I know which ones I'm gonna get for myself Gears of War and Dead Rising
My question is are there any four player co-op games offline that you guys know of that I should pick up other than Ghost Recon?
First off I'd like to mention you might think of some better games to pick because Dead Rising and Gears of War are not coming
out of launch
Unfortunately.
Oh, ouch.
Yeah, Gears of War is to be announced right now.
Dead Rising has never even been on launch.
However, you've got a good selection of sports games.
If you're a sports fan, you have the entire 2K series and the EA series, you know, their
games.
If I may, I actually have the full list of launch titles in alphabet quarter.
All right, go for it.
Amped 3, Call of Duty, Condemned, which is Sega, I'm looking forward to that.
Federal Life 4, Elder Scrolls IV, Final Fantasy XI, Full Auto,
Final Fantasy XI is a launch title?
They are not launch titles. That list is wrong.
Well, I'm still going to read the list because these are either launch or near launch.
Full Auto, Ghost Recon, Advanced Warfighter, Gun, Cameo, Elements of Power, Madden NFL,
NBA 2K6, NHL 2K...blah, blah.
The Outfit, Perfect Dark.
Project Gotham Racing 3, Quake 4, Ridge Racer 6, Saints Row.
Tony Hawk's American Wasteland, Top Spin 2.
Second Wave of Launch Titles, announced by EB as of November 16th.
Burnout Revenge, FIFA Soccer 06, Peter Jackson's King Kong.
By the way, speaking of that, they showed a scene of King Kong to the GameStop managers and it apparently is supposed to be very awesome.
NBA Live 06, Need for Speed Most Wanted, Tiger Woods PGA Tour 06.
Perfect dark, isn't that a four player?
Let me correct that list real quick here.
King Kong is coming day and date with the PlayStation 2, Xbox versions and GameCube versions.
It's launching on every single platform the same day.
So, what else we have here? There was, I know Frame City Killer got pushed back to February,
which was one I was looking for. I know Saints Row isn't coming out until next year. Full
Auto is not coming out next year and I'm really disappointed about that. But, the ones
I was definitely going to pick up, Quake 4 looks good. Project Autumn Racing 3 is going
to be friggin' awesome. Need for Speed, most wanted is coming out the week before
launch.
November 19th release date for Framed City Killer by Namco.
I got pushed back last week to February.
There's also an initial price list from EB that all the games will be $59.99, except
for Cameo, which is listed at $49.99.
There's some other ones that are $49.99, but yeah, Cameo is one of the cheaper ones.
I'm looking forward to Quake 4 and DOA 4, which is weird.
I'm usually not into DOA, but for some reason, I'm looking really forward to this new one.
We listed Halo 3 as being July 1, 2006.
They haven't even announced anything yet, so they're stating that they're presuming
it to be the same day as the PS3 release.
We got to keep it moving.
Any other emails?
Nope.
All right.
We're going to close the mail bag until next week.
Send us some emails to go at orangelunchroider.com.
Castlevania will be going next gen.
It's already in development.
Koji Igarashi has confirmed that the next gen entry will happen.
Honestly it shouldn't be a surprise to anybody, it's one of Konami's most successful series.
But one thing you might have been curious about is that the handheld releases will continue
to depict a different timeline, so the handheld releases will still be a little bit different.
Curse of Darkness, Dawn of Sorrow, why was I thinking about Curse of Darkness?
Game Boy Advance, I thought.
Is that a new game that's coming out that I didn't even know about?
Crystal Darkness is PlayStation 2 and Xbox. Remember the new one?
Yeah, I guess so. Is that coming out this year?
Yeah, it's coming out in October. Oh, no, wait.
How did I miss that?
November. I'm sorry.
Wow. Somehow I wouldn't completely miss that.
Yeah.
That's right. I remember seeing screenshots for that. I just haven't heard a lot about it lately.
For the first time, to the Xbox.
Interesting. So there will also be another game coming out for the next-gen systems.
Of course, we don't know which system and when, but it will be on its way.
Moving on, let's talk about some stories that Loki has about Grand Theft Auto and a Grand
Theft Auto-like game.
First off, everybody's been waiting for the Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories, which
is going to be coming out for the PSP at the end of October.
One of the things that I have been wondering is, are they going to have some support for
Wi-Fi?
We haven't really heard anything.
answer is yes they are. They will actually feature a few different modes
multiplayer for up to six different players and it will basically have two
that have been released so far. They said about seven modes. The first one being
Liberty City Survivor which is your basic deathmatch style gameplay and
Protection Racket which splits players into teams which they must protect or
or destroy a number of different limousines at bases somewhere in the city. They're basically
saying that multiplayer mode will be identical to single player, but you'll have more vehicles
available up front and 60 different player skins.
Awesome.
Plus, of course, power-ups and the standard hoo-ha there. Now, of course, Microsoft can't
be out of any sort of franchise, so their supposed answer to the Grand Theft Auto series
is a game which, I don't know, it looks okay, but it's basically a Grand Theft Auto-ish
type game with kind of a superhero character. It's Crackdown, and you're basically a super
human guy who's basically cleaning up the city, and by cleaning up the city, you can
steal cars, throw cars at people, just really interesting stuff. I don't know. It doesn't
look that great to me. The screenshots I saw, I was like, who gives a crap? I'll pick
it up because it'll be fun to play. I like throwing cards at people. But, it doesn't
look that impressive. Especially looking at the other games coming out, it just looks
like a third party release. It's just not really good. But, hey, beta shots, who knows?
Just a couple more stories then. We've got just a couple more here. One thing I want
talk about is the Mana series. Of course, Secret of Mana, Legend of Mana, all that stuff.
We have Children of Mana, it's actually an RPG that's in development right now. It's
going to be coming out for the Nintendo DS. That was confirmed in Famitsu Weekly Magazine
this week. Don't know how it's taken advantage of having the two screens and the touch thing.
All we know is that it's happening, Children of Mana. I just hope it's better than Legend
of Mana because I could not, Legend of Mana ruined the series for me. I couldn't stand
it. That PlayStation one was awful.
My problem with Legend of Mana was the fact that I imported it in a fit of, ooh, Mana
game!
I like, I'm going to make this bold statement, I'll probably get Haymail for it.
It was uber text heavy.
I liked Secret of Evermore more than I liked Legend of Mana.
Ooh!
I know.
That's a pretty bold statement, I realize.
Legend of Mana was pretty, but I didn't read enough Japanese at the time to be able to
effectively play it.
Now, one of the games in the Mana series that a lot of people love is Second Detsetsu 3,
which of course never made its way over here.
Well, Second Densetsu 4 is in development, but we don't know which system, and we don't
know really anything else about it.
We just know it's happening.
Neither one of these games, I should point out, is World of Mana, which was that thing
they teased at E3 this year with, like, a big movie.
Who knows what the heck that is?
I have a hunch it's an MMO, but I could be wrong.
I think it's an MMO.
I think when you call something world, I have a hunch it's an MMO, but we don't know.
We just don't know.
story tonight, guys. Katamari Craze is spreading the nation, of course, and if you want to
check out Namco's website, katamari.namco.com, if you sign up for the website, you can actually
download your own little version of The Prince, who will roll a katamari across your screen
at various intervals, and will play little looping music, and of course, you can actually
click and drag him and throw him places and all that stuff.
I used to have a goat that did that.
I guess this would be fun for about five minutes and then get as annoying as those little purple
bonsai buddies.
Thirty seconds, actually.
Really?
Thirty seconds.
Did you try this?
Yes, I did.
It replays the whole thing over and over and he just rolls the thing all over the screen,
basically back and forth, back and forth, back and forth.
Does he pick up your windows?
I thought he would and I thought that would be awesome because I have a lot of icons he
he could roll up, but he did not, and it was a great disappointment.
We'll just have to send a message to the King of Cosmos for somebody to shoot some
freaking laser beams out of their eyes at Namco.
That just makes me really miss the little goat, because the little goat would occasionally
run off to get the lucky.
I've got a few last minute stories here.
What's up?
A couple of ones.
First off, there's going to be a new Resident Evil.
This one's coming out for the DS, actually.
Resident Evil deadly science, ha ha, DS, oh my gosh, you people and naming your franchises,
anything that will work with the DS acronym.
So basically Resident Evil for DS, nothing more to see here, move along, anyways, the
other thing is in November, they're going to be bundling the red DS with Mario Kart
for the price of $1.49, much like you have seen with the Nintendogs, so yippee, skippy.
The Red DS is already available for import. Some info about Zelda. Basically, you know
how Twilight Princess was supposed to come out this year? Yeah, and it's not, and they
were adding new features. Well, you know what those features are? It's basically going to
be enhanced for the Nintendo Revolution. They're going to be adding, if you plug in your game
cube game to the revolution you'll be able to use the wonderful revolution controller
for god knows what, but that's basically why it's been pushed back. I was hoping that you'd
put it on the same system, but they're not.
I just think honestly they should have just done it for the revolution.
The best description of that controller is on VG Cats.
What's that?
Basically the reaction is, I feel dirty.
And the last story.
You promise?
I promise. The last story is Kojima clarifies that the No Place to Hide in the trailer that
we saw from Metal Gear Solid 4 is about Snake's age. Basically, this doesn't take no place
to hide from death. Basically, because he is a clone of Big Boss, this is only a few
years later after number two so or three I guess and whatever no number two
because three took place before two anyways I've gone cross-eyed anyway so
they haven't really said too much else other than there's gonna be two
different sides that you can either ally with still a little snatcher but it
looks sexy I still need to get into Metal Gear Solid I honestly though
another there's a fun parody of that on VG cats also their most recent comic
it's really a solid state any money under the table or something no I just
love that I just thought that that's like my favorite webcomic I'll spam
amusement all the way okay video game related webcomics spam use but I have
sizzling makes me crack up like crazy all right anyway that's it that's it
we're definitely done we're talking about webcomics we know we're done nail
coffin bang final thoughts Loki oh well our psp.com visit it it's awesome it's
sexy, download a wallpaper, and a podcast. Reject false icons and balls.
My final thought is Blue Mage on Final Fantasy XI. Awesome.
Let me know when they get Geomancer. Are you going to come back?
No, I just want to laugh. That's the show.
Time Made! Thank you guys for subscribing to our podcast
And tell somebody else you know about our podcast because we are independent, so that's
really the best way we can get the word out is word of mouth.
So thank you guys very much for listening and we'll see you next time on Orange Lounge
radio to go.
