Orange Lounge Radio-to-Go edition week of October 17th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio-to-Go edition.
Your podcast holds for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
Hello, everybody.
Once again, welcome aboard for the Orange Lounge Radio-to-Go edition.
independent radio rocks. Joining me as always my name is Rob Roberts
but her name is DarkSakura.
Yeah, that would be me. That is you. That would be me
if I were me today. Who are you today then?
My name is Zool.
Are you the keymaster? Oh god.
Alright, that was bad. Alright. That was the ferret.
Also with us, Techmaster Loki. I am here and I'm me.
So yeah, you're not I don't believe you. You're not the gatekeeper or whatever. No, okay
That's good. Cuz then you guys would have to have sex or something. They'll be nasty
I'm married. Thank you. I know you are
anyway
We're here to talk about games, right? So let's do it
let's get into how is your gaming week and then we'll get into the news and what's going on around the
Gaming world the hack and crack. I think we have a mod story tonight UK news everything
Let's start off, though, with our gaming week, because, you know, part of this show is about
us, right?
So, Dark Sakura.
It's all about me, you know.
Yeah, I know.
I'm the diva of the show.
How was your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
Actually, I was so busy all week, I haven't had much of a chance to play things, although
I have put in effort.
I got a Dalmatian on that dog game.
Nintendogs?
Yeah.
How quickly do we forget?
After forgetting to feed my dogs for, like, two days, I have a new dog that lives with
my corgi ein and my shiba inu menshi.
It's a dalmatian because my friend loaned me a hat so I could get a dalmatian in my
kennel and give the hat back.
My dog's name is Ikea.
We were going to name it Alpo.
Yes, I suggested Alpo.
Alpo didn't work and I didn't want to pick something as crude as naming my dog Smallpox,
so I named it Ikea because it made me think of meatballs.
also got me that lawyer game. Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney. Phoenix Wright Ace Attorney.
I think it's ironic that there's like a lawyer game and a doctor game out like right around
the same time. Doctor game's getting a secret too. Trauma Center. Oh my gosh. I've heard
Trauma Center is really difficult. I haven't gotten a chance to play it, but I hear Trauma
Center is really, really difficult. You know, unfortunately that brings me back to the game
of Life and Death. Remember that game back on the PC way a long time ago? I think about
operation but sorry dark soccer wouldn't operation just be an operation the MMO
no you know too many doctors ruin the operation um but yeah I was gonna play
it and then Dan started to play it used to play the Castlevania that but so he
needs to let me play the attorney game I need to solve cases I'm good at that
kind of thing um I also tried to play some Katamari but that's too busy and
then I screamed obscenities at illustrator this morning good good times
Maybe you could check out an Illustrator podcast to help you out there.
I'm sure there's got to be one out there somewhere.
We hate Adobe Hour!
Alright, Loki, how was your gaming week?
Actually, I have to say, because we're not talking about it immediately, we did have
a very cool gaming event on Thursday that we'll go into later.
Yes, we will get into this later, definitely.
And also, speaking of events, the Sacramento Independent Audio for Katrina Relief, thank
Thank you to everybody that helped out with that, sending your donations in online.
We had the garage sale the other night, and we're doing a lot of good for a lot of people.
I have a trunk full of stuff to donate to the Salvation Army now, too.
The leftovers.
Including some games, some DS games and stuff were in there, right?
I actually, with the games, I can get more out of them by selling them to places that
give cash for games, and then turn over the proceeds with our donations.
I actually donated my own copies of Polaris and Field Magic, which I'm done with both
of those games very much.
Yeah, because I remember how much you love Polaris and Polaris.
You know what?
There's worse DS games out there, though.
Check out my review of Sprung last week, if you want to hear a bad DS game.
I still need Electroplankton.
That's what I'm waiting for.
I want to check that out, too.
Loki, how was your game of the week?
I didn't play too much.
I did get to play a new game for the PSP, which is just some Hudson pinball game, where
Where you actually play it sideways, just like Star Soldier, didn't like it.
It was just pinball and I got bored with it really quick.
There's better games to be playing on the PSP than pinball.
And you know, with only two boards unlocked at the beginning, it was just pretty lame.
Not a good thing to be playing on the PSP.
The other game I played of course was More Wheel of Katamari, and that's still fun.
It doesn't get boring at all.
the game I haven't been playing is in 10 Dogs because I'm tired of that game now
and I'm not feeding my dog so the hell with the dog. My dog floated to the top of the bowl.
You need to bring Taco over so I can play with Taco
before he runs away. Alright.
That's it? That's, well, Burnout.
Burnout Revenge. I've been playing that but
I'm going to check out some different games this week. I've got XSX on tour
so I'm anticipating Warriors which is coming out this week
so I'll definitely be reviewing that. My gaming week
I've been playing Castlevania DS still I know I talked about last week but I love it
I love it it's a great game so I've been playing a lot more of that and honestly not a
whole lot of new stuff
until today the day we're recording this show
I finally caved and I bought World of Warcraft so I could join the 1.5
gazillion other people, isn't the official number 1.5 gazillion people
playing World of Warcraft, I think.
Indeed it is.
Yes, because you can tell because there's 1.5 gazillion servers and all of my friends
are on different ones.
So no matter which server I play on, I'm going to piss somebody off.
So I think I finally narrowed it down to a couple, and I know Dark Sakura and I will
both be playing on one of those servers together, so it'll be cool.
It will be on Scarlet Crusade.
Yes.
And we're both playing Alliance.
Please don't cyberstalk us.
Yes.
But I'm not saying who our characters are or what.
Because they won't be named after ourselves.
But if you want to cyberstalk us, send us an email, you never know.
I was, somebody sent me an email that says, hey I want to add you to Xbox Live and I said
okay, why not?
And then they kicked my ass in Halo.
I'm wondering if they're doing new gamer tags for Xbox Live for the 360.
I'm curious about that too, because I want to try and get Sky, just Sky, but...
Same.
I don't think I'll be able to do it, but I will be willing to, you know, get on Xbox
Live right when I get the game, so...
Because I don't have just plain old Sky on regular Xbox right now.
I have something else.
I really haven't played enough of it yet, I mean I'm level 3, I'm playing a gnome character.
David the gnome?
No, I was thinking of the Strangers with Candy reference. We're gonna go kill the gnomes. I don't even remember the line, but I just remember it was really funny.
I'm playing a night elf.
Total inside joke, sorry guys. But I'm playing a warlock, but I'm more like level 3 right now.
but more like level three right now but I thought it's pretty badass because I
actually got a spell where you can set something on fire
and that was cool, like actually setting it on fire. I have not left Final Fantasy 11
I'm just gonna try and balance the two games, I'm gonna balance the two games for a little while
there's things about Final Fantasy 11 that were really starting to get to me
so I want to play World of Warcraft, see what, no
there's things I like about Final Fantasy 11, there's things I dislike about Final Fantasy 11
I really need to sit down and dedicate time to play the game
I haven't played in months and I really, I don't want to give it up
I still want to play the game, but I need to dedicate a day or something
in which the fiance will not interfere with the game
and I get to play. I need to give WoW a fair shot because honestly
I owe it to our listeners to give an unbiased
perspective of what's going on in WoW. Let's give away some crap. You should send me a letter.
We'll see. Let's give away some crap. Last week we promised we would give away some
crap.
We're gonna give away a copy of Death Junior and pull a number out of the hat
see dig dig dig dig dig dig 12 number 12 is gonna be this one it's Jason and
there's no last name but I think it's cute because the username it's coming
from a gmail address and this is not the same as the username but it's a otaku
land is how their name comes out otaku land is one of our also regular writers
pz.com, that has people who deal in import games, trading import games, and someone on
there has panorama cotton.
They want $500 freaking dollars for it, and I said, uh, no, but they do trade in the rare.
That would be a great Christmas present.
If some dear listener wants to spend $500 on little old me, I ain't stopping you.
You're a sucker, for one.
I ain't stopping you.
All right, well, congratulations to our two winners there.
I'm glad some people that are involved in the show could win those.
So good job, guys!
We will do another giveaway very soon.
Tune in next week.
Maybe we'll have something next week.
Loki, do we have anything in the prize vault for next week?
Do we know?
I've got an assortment of anime soundtracks, like a ton of them.
So possibly.
Okay, well we'll just have to give a whole lot of those away.
So alright, we'll see what happens.
Let's get into some actual gaming news tonight.
I'm gonna let Dark Sakura start it off because Dark Sakura has an interesting little follow-up
to the state law here in California, which everyone's been screaming about.
Somebody's taken action against this law, aren't they, DarkSakura?
Yes, and basically it's a lot of the stuff that we've brought out about, you know, first
of all, the MPAA being a private entity, you know, basically raiding the movies now, but
we have the government controlling what video games can be sold, you know, where's the equality
in that.
Basically, the Entertainment Software Association
is planning to sue the state of California
over the passage of AB 1179, the bill that
outlawed the sale of violent video games to minors.
They're very confident that they're going to win.
They've got the arguments very well.
They basically, from what I understand,
have taken the law and broken the new bill that's passed
and broken it down item by item, and also
Comparing it to what the current laws are, actually there's one in particular that is
actually the first one used.
Actually the person who wrote this article did a comparison by showing the law about
the sale of alcohol to minors compared with the law regarding the game sale.
And the game sale one reads as this, except as otherwise provided in subdivision C. Every
Violent video game means a video game in which the range of options available to a player
includes killing, maiming, dismembering, or sexually assaulting the image of a human being
if those acts are depicted in the game in a manner that does either or it goes into
the whole outline of it.
A lot of what it's going into, as far as trying to define, is that it's going on the assumption
that it's depicting a violent act on a person.
Thing is, is that they're not people.
They're video game images.
Without rehashing this whole same argument over and over again, though, because it seems
like we've had something about violent video games like every week on this program for
the last three months.
The point is, it's not a clear law.
That's what I'm saying.
Who makes that definition?
What is violent?
Who makes that definition and who's checking on them because we got a system of checks
and balances in this country.
Who's checking on the people that are making these calls?
That's what I want to know.
The whole point it makes here is how clear the sale of alcohol law is in comparison to
this piece of crap video game law because item by item, it goes into lots of definition
as to what these items are but the thing is that it's not clear.
How can something suffer when the same something does not exist?
I don't necessarily disagree with trying to control the sale of games, just like you would
say that an under 17 person shouldn't buy an R-rated DVD, but my whole thing is that
the bill is so vague that it seems like it's just prepared to be there to target things
when they come out like Grand Theft Auto.
It's built so that when somebody kills somebody and blames Grand Theft Auto, that's when people
are going to panic and say, who sold them the game?
Find them.
Invoke the law.
But my question is, no, no, before that all happens, who is making the determination what
is a value?
That's my biggest problem with the law.
Otherwise, you know, whatever, I suppose they have to do what they have to do, and I'm okay
with them, you know.
I was all for ratings, because ratings puts the power in the hands of those who should
possess it, the parents.
Why not have the bill just adopt the ratings that are in place right now?
You know what this is?
Basically, legalizing censorship as far as...
In a way, in a way.
It's limiting free expression.
It's not stopping the games from being made, no, but...
But it's putting the scarlet letter on them?
Yeah, that's exactly it. That's a great comparison right there.
But let's face it, in some of our demographic, I know for me,
the games that have the scarlet letter on them, or should I say the scarlet number,
I'm going to be more attracted to and go, ooh, do I get to see some titties in this
one?
Exactly.
I want more titties in my games.
No, they're going to be preventing kids from buying them.
That means Rockstar, the gloves are off, do whatever the fuck you want, just release the
games.
Anyway, all right.
I think, I look at this as the government basically trying to take the power from the
people trying to take the responsibility out of the people's hands.
I think that, well, I do admit the game companies do have a duty of responsibility to the consumer
to make sure that the product that they put on the market is exactly what they say they're
selling.
Exactly.
And to rate the game appropriately and market the game towards the appropriate audience.
To compare, when I was studying business law, they brought up a case about a woman who was
suing over having pieces of clam shell in her clam chowder, and she broke a tooth, so
she sued.
The thing is that there is an expectation that there may be clam shell in the game.
She lost, not in the game, but in the soup.
Warning, this game may contain clam parts.
But she lost the case, because under the rights and responsibility for safe food handling,
having bits and pieces in that, chicken soup, you know, or you may have a fish bone in your
fish fillet.
Now, to compare, when you buy a game that is rated M, you should expect that there's
going to be mature themes in the game.
You may see some boobies, you may hear the F word, regardless, you have been warned by
By that little end, being on the bottom of the game, you have been warned.
Now, I do think that Rockstar was lax.
I mean, and even so, I can't really fault this either.
You know, removing the code, bracketing it out, that's done all the time.
Aren't we feeling a little blue in the face here?
I am.
All right.
But, you know, honestly, there is and is not fault in that.
Technically, they did remove access to it.
It just happened to be somebody out there who's curious enough to find it.
No easy answer.
All right.
We welcome your feedback, as always.
ToGo at orangelaunchradio.com.
I'm tired of talking about this subject.
All right.
Then let's get to a new one.
Let's talk about, ooh, Digital Life happened this weekend, which was that big expo in New
York, which I really wanted to go to, but I couldn't, but I heard it was very crowded.
We had some folks call in on our live show Sunday nights that were at Digital Life saying
that just crowded amongst crowded, just really, really crowded stuff.
A few folks got to check out some new games, though.
One thing that did happen was that the Xbox Live Arcade lineup was announced.
Now Loki, I know you talked about this a little bit last week because you had some photos
of some of the games in development, but they did kind of officially say what's going to
be in it.
What I think is interesting, a whole lot of PopCap games showing up.
Astro Pop, Bejeweled 2, Zuma going to be in there.
Some other games in there as well, Gauntlet, Joust, and then of course the Marble Blaster
talking about Robotron and Smash TV, which is kind of interesting to me that they would
to put these in the arcade when you can just buy the Midway Arcade Treasures collection,
which would be a much better deal, I think, for some of those games.
Remember, don't shoot the food.
Yeah, I know. That's not the complete list, but those are the only games that sound very
familiar to me. So check that out if you're curious on your Xbox 360 when you get that.
Also on the Xbox 360, this is interesting, they're doing this in Japan. They're going
to be doing a beta test of Final Fantasy XI on the brand new Xbox 360. The console launches
in Japan on December 10th, and if you purchase the limited edition Xbox 360 package, you're
going to get a free Final Fantasy XI beta test disk while supplies last. Interesting.
Japan only though.
Of course.
Sorry guys.
We're going to start looking for them on Yahoo!
Actions Japan.
Even though we're getting the system first, they get to beta test Final Fantasy XI. Isn't
that lovely?
Alright, now DarkSakura, you have a story about the 360 as well and some kind of bad
news about the dev kits.
Yeah, we did cover about the theft of the 360 dev kit.
I think so, but if we didn't, I'm sure people read about it or heard about it on another
cast or something.
But yeah, some dev kits were stolen.
At any rate, a Dutch newspaper reported that Microsoft is going to be preparing a $100
million lawsuit against those responsible for the theft, because they're wanting to
protect the security so that you can't hack the Xbox 360, which you know is a big problem
with the Xbox here is that they pretty much broke it right away.
And we started having the name on the Xbox and extra huge hard drives and...
Look, Ui, you're laughing.
I'm laughing because the way they set up the whole hard drive situation anyways is just
asking to be hacked.
Let's include the game on the hard drive that runs on the operating system.
No, no one's gonna take that off the hard drive and figure out how it works.
No, not at all.
That'll never happen.
They're just like, okay, we're gonna leave this door unlocked, now we're trusting.
You're not going to break in, because if you do, you'll be sorry, you know, so it's like,
come on.
There's also an interesting statement on here, though, from the hacking group who's, I guess,
responsible.
It's from, I hope I'm saying this wrong, it's SmartXX.com.
You hope you're saying that wrong?
He said, I hope I'm saying that wrong.
I said, I hope I'm not saying that wrong.
Oh, my bad.
I threw a ferret at you.
Anyway.
They are saying the pictures of stolen dev kits emerged claiming Microsoft was actually
complicit in the group's acquisition of the kits.
They went on to say, according to the poster, people within Microsoft unaware of the operation
went on to inform the police that they should investigate SmartXX leading to the current
situation and that Microsoft was going to deny it as usual.
Speaking of people getting busted, a game pirate in Richmond, Texas was sentenced to
three years and ten months in a federal prison and a fine of $1.15 million.
Dashieau Ponce de Leon, receiving this sentence there, that 1.15 million dollars representing
the retail value of all the software this guy sold.
Now this guy wasn't doing the thing on BitTorrent or anything.
This guy was actually downloading stuff online then reselling it through the internet.
That's the worst kind of piracy right there.
That's the kind that a lot of people say even if they want to.
That hurts the pockets of the developers.
And just downloading off BitTorrent doesn't?
Well, stop making crappy games.
One person as opposed to one person multiplying the efforts. I buy games look at my collection
I have tons of games that I pay money. I don't think that anyone who my house
Cannot say that I don't buy a lot of games. I just don't want to buy an import system. So
Anyway, so there's that I just thought it was interesting because that kind of made news is like they got one pirate and that made
News, I don't know
Struck me a scar
Alright, let's get into this guy because, my god, this guy gets in the news an awful
lot and we've got like four stories on this guy this week.
Everyone's favorite butthead!
It's Jack Thompson, boys and girls, this is the guy, god, you gotta know who this guy
is right now.
I am so sick of this loser.
He needs to team up with a guy from the 700 Club.
I know, I know, but anyway, this is the guy who, you know, was saying, video games are
evil.
people refute him with backing up everything with solid evidence and then he goes, ìYouíre
just a piss ant.î
Well, I thought this was interesting is that earlier this week you might have heard the
National Institute on Media and the Family, NIMF, the President David Walsh kind of wrote
a letter that kind of distanced himself from Jack Thompson and said, ìI really wish youíd
stop using our name in your arguments and stuff.î A quote from the letter here, ìYour
commentary has included extreme hyperbole and your tactics have included personally
attacking individuals for whom I have a great deal of respect."
I thought that was very interesting.
Get this, Dr. Thompson fought back.
Dr. Thompson fought back.
Is he a doctor?
No, he's not a doctor.
He's a doctor of things he can't say on the air.
fuse two words together there. Anyway, what he did there is that he actually
kind of denied saying, the fact is I have never suggested that Dr. Walsh approves of
what I do. I have countless times told people that I believe he is an expert around the
dangers of video games. The mistake I made apparently naively is thinking that a person
of his expertise would use it actually to help some bereaved families rather than choose
to protect his relationship with portions of the video game industry and its reckless
retail network.
And then he goes on to say, I'm a Christian, and I think Dr. Walsh is as well, and there's
a passage in the New Testament, yada yada yada yada, thou shall not play violent video
games.
I'm really wondering why people keep bringing up Christianity as an illustration of morality.
That's a whole other topic for a whole other cast.
I know, I know, I'm not going to go into it, it's just I find it highly hilarious how he's
defending himself saying, oh but I'm a Christian. Yet he's going around
basically slandering innocent people. You know,
and like I said before, when people are presenting him with evidence that
proves him wrong, he's going back and calling them names.
From what, and I don't want to get into religious debate, but from what I understand about Christianity
there's only one judge. Oh, he's
gonna have to answer to it. There's only one judge. No, it's not Wapner.
Alright. Judge Wapner guy.
No, he's doing the pet court or something.
Oh!
Just Robner's cool.
God, if he did die, that would be really sad.
I don't think he died.
I think he's alive and well.
He's still alive, I think.
He's doing the pet court thing.
I think that man must be indestructible then.
Anyway.
Some other news on Thompson, didn't you have a little side note to that, Dark Sakura?
I thought you did.
Something.
Well, Loki, you had something.
Yeah, that one of the people that he happened to have issues with compared him to Hitler,
which I found hilarious.
Interesting.
I don't know.
I don't find Hitler hilarious.
No, I'll take that back. Jack Thompson compared this guy to Hitler, and that's one of the
people that this group associates with.
One of the things I was going to mention is, remember last week we were talking about how
he was proposing that game companies create his game. Anyway, Penny Arcade, of course,
he said he would pay $10,000 if his game was created. They were like, well, that's kind
of weak because we donated half a million dollars for this charity. So what did he do?
He found their phone number in their signature that was in their email and yelled at them,
literally. Called them up and yelled. That was pretty lame.
This guy is obviously mentally unstable. Now obviously this guy is becoming kind of
like the laughing stock of the video game community, so now you're seeing him in all
sorts of mods and what did you find? Well, it's the Jack Thompson murder simulator
called Defamation of Character, and it's basically a mod for Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, and
you can find this at hellfish.gtajunkies.com, and it's basically got his story. It's a video
game featuring Jack Thompson doing incredibly violent things, in this particular case murdering
Janet Reno and Doug Lowenstein, among others.
That was the guy you compared to Hitler.
Basically, they kind of go through what you can do.
He is Jack Thompson, who also is his alter ego, Ban Man, who they actually have dressed
up in some weird box and just some funny stuff.
Anyways, you go through a bunch of different missions, including murdering, I believe it
was two live crew, if I remember correctly.
I don't think they're going to like that very much.
Yeah, you're murdering two left crew who they have a picture on the website hanging, looks
like upside down, dead from his ceiling.
He was actually also the one responsible for the whole cop killer thing with Ice-T.
Some of you guys have a lot of free time, I noticed out there.
Yeah.
Some of you gamers have a lot of free time.
But I thought here's what was funny though.
Some of the special abilities he had, he can do, of course, bullet time like every other
game.
He has legal immunity, basically when the police are coming or whatever, you can instantly
to get them to go away. He has the Holy Escort, which is this Harrier jet that makes him invincible
or something, and Press Relations, which you can basically just pull publicity stunt and
get everyone to forget about stuff.
Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. All right. You know what? I need some real morality here
on this show. I need some real morality, and I turned to Dark Sakura to bring that morality
to this program, and she provides that for us every week with her weekly advice column,
because you know there is more to life than just gaming because if uh...
you played video games all day long you would have no time to watch the people's
court
Judge Wapner was cool. I know. Even that new lady that's on it is pretty awesome.
She's pretty awesome. I just don't watch TV.
Anyway, so DarkStalker, what are you going to be telling the kids about tonight?
Today's bit of advice
is excuses you can make for falling asleep at your desk at work and then how to fake
being asleep at work.
Awesome. I need this. I need to know this.
To be asleep at your desk, first of all blame work.
Say I'm so exhausted I was here until midnight last night.
Do not attempt this if your boss works late and you do not.
You know, I had a fellow coworker actually say that to me the other day.
I wonder if that was something they were doing.
Number two, blame medication.
Claim that your new allergy medicine has been making you drowsy.
Say those antihistamines just knock me out.
It usually works for me because I hate men and girls.
Number three, blame lunch.
say, �Wow, I guess I should not have eaten that turkey sandwich. Tryptophan always makes
me sleepy.�
Be aware when taking a nap. Always rest your elbow on your desk and keep your arm perpendicular
to the desktop. Your forehead should rest on your four fingers. Your thumb, spread apart
from the fingers, should support your jaw. This position will keep your head up and aimed
at your desk. Face in a direction so that it is not immediately visible to someone approaching
your desk so that your eyes are closed. Keep an important group of documents in your perceived
line of sight so as to appear to be reading intently.
Do not stay up all night playing Final Fantasy XI, you freakin' addicts.
or World of Warcraft or Ragnarok or whatever the hell the kids are playing these days.
I never let that get in the way of my sleeve.
I said when I was unemployed and had no excuse to go to bed.
We've got some music game news for you guys tonight.
Because you know, Orange Lounge, we were all about the music games when we started.
We still are to some extent, but we talk about other video games too.
But this is some big music game news.
We've got Guitar Hero.
It's that brand new game coming out.
Those of you guys that were wishing and hoping that they would make like amplitude or frequency
like a new one, from what I understand, they kind of have.
They kind of did make a new one except it just involves a guitar and it's called Guitar
Hero.
Red Octane is the company that's putting this out.
Red Octane, of course, is famous for making a lot of music game peripherals.
And harmonics.
And harmonics.
Harmonics being the folks that did bring us amplitude.
Harmonics developed the game, absolutely, and made Karaoke Revolution as well.
X just wrapped up work on Guitar Hero, and Red Octane is going to put it out.
It's scheduled to be out November 8th.
Should be interesting.
A lot of licensed songs in this game, including More Than a Feelin' by Boston, ZZ Top, Sharp
Dressed Man, and Franz Ferdinand's Take Me Out.
Now something interesting happened this past week, didn't it?
I played More Than a Feelin' on Guitar Hero.
We recorded a segment for the local news, KCRA.
Nice folks.
Playtesting guitar hero, and it was me and loki got to play it on my I had other other TV. I had other commitments
First of all I have to say that that game looks
Visually looks very sharp
Being of an artistic background myself all the lights were singing that came was really cool
The character models were great
There's even a Keith Richards look-alike who and me being the big gorillas fangirl that I am I was like
first of all seeing that hair and sing and play a flying V I was like oh my
god it's Murdoch but it it was really just based directly off of Keith
Richards which he was based off of Keith Richards too anyway back away from my
nerdom um it has an excellent song list um I played um I want to be sedated and
then I played more than a feelin which I love Boston and I love the Ramones so
There was also Stevie Ray Vaughan in it, Franz Ferdinand, Megadeth, and it's not the actual
bands, but the folks that they had play in the music was just...
Kind of like Karaoke Revolution, where they have a cover band do it, yeah.
But there was some real skill that went into the guitar playing on the game, and on top
of that, the controller.
First of all, the controller design was body style licensed by Gibson.
Gibson and MTV are both backing the game.
In fact, the guitars in the game are all licensed by Gibson.
Sounds cool.
Loki, I'm curious what you thought.
It was awesome.
I got to play Smoke on the Water, and Iron Man, and he was like, take me out, and just
really cool.
A really fun game to get into, since I'm a big fan of Guitar Freaks, this is definitely
step in the right direction, because I like how they have the extra buttons on there so
it is a little bit more difficult, so for those people that did actually master, you
know, Guitar Freaks, this is a whole new challenge for you.
Yeah, I'm just, I didn't get to play it, unfortunately, but I'm just excited that we're getting like
amplitude, but like different with a new peripheral, I'm just, because I love frequency, I loved
amplitude, I'm kind of excited.
Being that I heavily imported all the Guitar Freaks games that I could get my hands on
except for the appends there's no comparison this game guitar hero really
blows it out of the water the music quality being that you're going from
basically MIDI to real you know instruments guitar freaks has also just
kind of gotten stale over like 13 mixes or something like that right it's like
Simon it's like playing Simon you know press the button in the right order but
this because you've got the five keys and on top of that the way that you move
your hand they're calling him fret buttons I think you've got a whammy bar
on it geez how much cooler can you get I mean I know I'm gushing about it but I
I've got my game on reserve already the controller itself is suitably more
substantial than the guitar freaks controller $69.99 is what it's gonna set
you back and it comes out November 8th T for teen it must have some hard lyrics
in there or something.
It's not an EA game.
We've got Megadeth.
I guess so.
You know, throw the horns.
Sounds good.
Also, another music gaming related story.
I thought this was interesting.
Of course, you know Konami puts out Dance Dance Revolution well.
What they're doing is they are teaming up with 24 Hour Fitness, which I think is very
interesting.
They're going to be putting a 30-day free gym pass to 24 Hour Fitness inside copies
of DDR Extreme 2, the new ones.
ones I mean obviously it's already been being sold but as the new ones come out
they're gonna have a 30-day free pass 24-hour Fitness and 24-hour Fitness is
going to put DDR machines in their kids club portions of the gyms not I don't
think they have kids club at all the gyms but you know the ones that do they're
some of them are gonna have DDR machines so an interesting confusion there
between Dance Dance Revolution and a legitimate gymnasium interesting I think
that it's a fascinating marketing tool and it's sort of one that we see we've
seen it coming. With all the schools that are putting DDR machines in their fitness
programs, it was inevitable.
Konami was also working on DDR Studio, I think it was, where they actually, it was going
to be like an eight-person DDR thing, and it was crazy. It was meant for gyms, although
we didn't really see if this ever got actually implemented. It's interesting to see this
partnership take place, so.
I still think Pata Pata would have been a better choice.
Yeah, but no.
Get your upper body moving, but then you'd have to listen to the music.
I didn't mean anything.
I'm kidding.
There's nothing wrong with the Eurobeat.
I'm kidding.
I watch Initial D. Rhythm gymnastics, the game.
Alright.
Rhythm masters.
Now, you guys have some news on Dead or Alive 4.
I want to hear this stuff.
Dark Soccer, what did you have on Dead or Alive 4?
DOA4.
Well, their lobby system has been revealed.
Famitsu was talking about it.
The description that I have seen is that it is a
wacky. The lobby features 10 various
areas. There's like a Halloween theme, a swamp room that you swim through.
Which, you know, honestly it totally just
fits, you know, what I would have expected of me if they gave us a Volleyball.
They'd have to do something goofy. You also have
various avatars. I believe that there is around 30.
You also can have like a ninja, ghost, cat,
penguin. You get a penguin, Rom? Awesome. And
each lobby can hold a maximum of 20 people and you can chat with people and watch
fights that are taking place on a widescreen display.
No screenshots yet,
but of course there's shots of the game out there.
But it was in the recent issue of Famitsu. Interesting. Before I get to Loki's side, I just want to say
something real quick about Famitsu Magazine
because it kinda relates to Xbox. They actually just did a study on how the
Japanese are kinda looking at the next generation of systems.
24 percent say that they do want to get an Xbox 360. 40 percent
are still undecided. PlayStation 3, way ahead still.
But it's interesting because the Xbox is making a little bit of progress because the Xbox
One or whatever you want to call it, the regular Xbox, kinda
thudded in Japan a little bit. But 360 seems to be getting more awareness.
That's very interesting.
Loki, what do you have on DLA for?
Well, it's been mentioned that there was going to be a guest character in this game, which
was going to be from Halo, or the Halo series.
The guest character they've announced, and actually have screenshots of, is actually
Spartan 458, a female character, I believe from Halo 2.
And it, I mean, to be honest, looks exactly like Master Chief.
So you get to play this game with this character.
They said that possibly some alternate costumes that might reveal more of her, you know?
We are forgetting what DOA is all about.
Of course they put in a female Master Chief.
Of course.
If I'm a betting man, I'm going to say the code is probably Justin Bailey.
Yeah.
Yeah, but I don't think that Was It Tecmo had anything to do with Metroid?
Whatever.
Moving on, I've got a quick news for you guys, it relates to Final Fantasy Advent Children.
Seven hundred thousand copies sold since September 14th when it came out in Japan, and seven
million copies pirated on BitTorrent in the U.S., just kidding, I don't know, I don't
know for sure.
Don't forget, there's a big pre-order push for that.
Even today, on the Advent Children release date schedule, it's basically now the end
of January.
I think January 29th is what I heard.
But then I could be wrong.
Oh my, again?
No.
End of January.
Are they foolish?
Because this thing's all over the internet.
Unless they're going back to add extra content to make us want to get the DVD.
I don't know.
I think they're going to be pushing, I'm hoping that it's going to be a theater release.
Where actually I have heard from other, though I cannot say who, reputable sources that are
saying that it's going to be a limited theater run.
Well that would be good.
Maybe IMAX?
I remember mentioning that a while back, that I had heard that IMAX was what they were gunning
for.
That would be pretty amazing.
That might be a fanboy's wet dream, I don't know.
We'll see.
It's my wet dream.
Anyway, thanks for sharing.
on uh... dark soccer you have some news about what's going on in the uk in the
release dates asher do i have our release dates
uh... this is going to be uh... all of these games are to be released on the
twenty first
we have buzz the music with
on p s two cold war for pc and xbox
crash tag team racing
dragon ball as the uh...
uh...
but i think that uh...
ten kite g
I think I know how to pronounce Japanese.
Duel Master, Shadow of the Code, Fear, which I know a lot of people are looking forward
to.
Fable of the Lost Chapters, Genji, which is already out over here, LA Rush for PS2, Xbox,
Marvel Nemesis, Rise of the Imperfects, Namco Museum, Battle Collection, Pokemon Emerald,
Rengoku, UFO Aftershock, WRC Rally Edition, and X3 Reunion.
couple of notables of the 28th we have a Dancing Stage Mario mix we have Makai
Kingdom Chronicles of the Sacred Tome for PS2 pack and roll on the 28th you
mentioned fable in there and our fable lost chapters which is out here already
but I just have one quick minor bitch about fable it doesn't work with my TV
it looks like garbage on my TV like like my HD wigs out on it like there's
something weird about the mode it uses I hope the 360 doesn't do the same thing
But that's the only game that I have problems with out of my collection.
I have quite a few games.
Get the Lost Chapters that's coming out.
I don't want the Lost Chapters. I want to play the one I bought.
No! You want the Lost Chapters.
See something also November just that might be a little fun.
Sing Star 80s on the PS2.
Sing Star.
And Donkey Kong Country 3 for the GBA.
I'm like, cool, it's Donkey Kong Country.
Alright.
Yeah.
You also had something about Alien Hominid, which was a game that's out here, but...
What about Alien Hominid?
They are releasing downloadable level packs for owners of Alien Hominid for the Xbox.
Some of the level packs are saying there's the Chicken Pack and the Ultra Hyperload, both containing 25 levels.
And so far, it sounds like they're going to be free downloads.
When it said Ultra Hyperload, I was just picturing a long-ass loading screen.
Alien Hamed or whatever it's called, not a game that I was very interested in.
I watched Loki play it for a length of time and I thought, how boring.
I love the comment on here, just a quote from Eurogamer.
Mothers, buying your kids 2D shooters will make them better geeks in years to come.
I have some news regarding Castlevania because I've been playing, of course, the DS one a lot.
Well, there are brand new Castlevania games coming out for the Xbox and PlayStation 2.
It's Curse of Darkness is the game coming out, should be very cool there.
It's set three years after Castlevania III, Dracula's Curse,
and Curse of Darkness follows, I guess, a new character,
Hector, a former minion of Dracula.
Should be interesting. November 1st is the day, that's just around the corner.
$49.99, M for Mature, because you know it's got lots of blood and the good stuff.
Should be a good game though. I hope it's a little better than Lament of
Innocence. Not that Lament of Innocence was bad,
But it wasn't Symphony of the Night.
I'm more looking forward to Matrix of the Path of Neo coming out that same week.
I did just find something very interesting that I'm looking forward to.
What's that?
A Bone game. You remember Bone? The comic?
Oh, okay.
I just glanced over here. Telltale Games, apparently they're releasing a bone game.
Interesting.
Yeah, I will try to go into more of this next week. I just saw this. But I mean, for anyone
who's fans of the series, it actually looks pretty cool. I found the link on the front
page of Eurogamer this week, so I would suggest everyone check that out.
maybe you'll get some emails on it speaking of emails to go at orange
lounge radio dot com
we get emails we like to read some of them on the air we don't have time to
read all of them but we do read them all
and we love you guys for writing us and letting us know you care
uh... but we want to respond to some on air right now so dark sakura what is in
that the old orange launch radio mailbag
well the uh...
the one about the comparing the just how bad that video game law is
and that was actually sent to us by rob
Oh yeah, he's king of our forums lately too, he's a nice guy.
Great addition to our forums, yeah.
Also we have one from Paul in Belfast, Northern Ireland.
Oh, right on.
I'm really glad to hear we've got listeners so far.
International, I love hearing from the international folks.
He has a question for us.
I will just read this.
My question is have you ever given it some thought of doing a video of your podcast for
us to download on PSP like they do with DigNation.
It would be totally cool, just a thought.
Here's the problem with videocast is that it's more money to get a video set up and
all that stuff.
I would love to do it.
It's just a matter, the execution is how in the hell are we going to do something like
that?
When you're talking about dig and stuff like that, I mean that's backed by people who have
been in the television industry already, so they kind of have their ties on how to do
it do that kind of stuff and we don't really have that we've got I've got a
little crappy 15 year old in the recorder but I don't know what kind of a
TV show we could do with that let's just it's a lot lot more time because I have
worked in you know television in college and stuff it is more time preparing
stuff for the internet is yeah I'm willing to do it but it's again it's
just a matter of the fact that we have a budget of zero dollars and no place to
shoot it and that once I get my camcorder
huh I think that it might might eventually be feasible to do a special
it's it's in the back of our minds we want to do it and that that place we
were at that that warehouse we were at the other night
I thought would be a fabulous place to do an orange lounge type
thing and I told you about that already I I
we have ideas it's something that's constantly been sitting in the back my
mind someday
someday especially with this new iTunes 6.0 and the way that they're really
pushing video now with the new video iPods
Of course, we like PSPs as well, and we've been trying to support that.
It's a natural evolution of the show.
I want to see it happen.
It's just not going to happen cheaply.
That means I have to go buy a veil.
Any other mails?
Yeah.
I won last one tonight.
One of our listeners, Joseph, wrote in.
He's won the one-two round.
Oh, he won.
The rare CD.
Yeah.
By the way, those prizes are on their way.
He would like for us to plug that they're having their Pali Bimani Games Day at Cal
Pali in San Luis Obispo, at the Chumash Auditorium inside the University Union at Cal Pali State.
They've asked us to go, but you're going to be busy with the podcast awards that we get.
I actually am going to be at the Podcast Awards on the 11th and staying in San Diego to go
buy wine.
I might be putting in an appearance.
I have to check my calendar, see if I can do it feasibly, but I would like to do it,
so we'll see.
I'll get back to these folks.
Still seem...
Yeah.
Yeah.
We'll see.
Loki's a little harder to get to do the PR things.
Gee, I wonder why.
I want to do it.
It sounds like fun.
We'll see.
I'm not coming by myself, though, so I'm bringing a random...
I might have to bring XtoFur from Orange Line Radio's live show.
That would be hilarious.
We'll see.
We'll see.
We'll do it.
Take the DigiCam with you.
If I go, I definitely will.
I'll get in touch with this guy on email.
But yeah, I'm already going to the podcast awards, or I would be more than thrilled to
go.
Sorry.
I also would like to go to the podcast awards, but I can't, but that's a very bitter subject,
so we won't go there.
Yeah.
Real life sucks sometimes.
What can you say?
I have some more fun, though.
Oh, okay.
Good.
I want fun.
You remember our friend Steven Spielberg?
Didn't we have lunch with him last week?
Actually...
I told him to kiss my ass.
I want more money for the show.
I ran into... well, not ran into him, but I was eating dinner at Skywalker Ranch.
Is it...
George Lucas walked past us and I almost flicked...
You tell that Lucas story every chance you can.
It was cool.
It was cool.
Oh, that's cool.
Oh, my God.
He's in meatloaf-flicking distance.
All right.
Little Quickie, he has basically signed a deal with Electronic Arts to publish three
original game properties.
Will they be overrated like his movies?
Likely, but you know, only time will tell.
Ooh, I'm looking forward to it.
Well, it wouldn't be an original property.
Yeah, it's going to be original since no Indiana Jones.
I want War of the Worlds.
He has been quoted as saying the new technology represents the future of cinema, and in the
future, you will physically be inside the experience.
Inside the experience.
Another thing they were asking how it's going to work, he said, I invented it, but because
the patent is pending, I can't discuss it right now.
Hopefully being inside the experience includes Pamela Anderson.
Moving on, moving on, let's get to a story that Loki's got about PSP on the TV.
It's something that you've been following for a little while.
Yes, everybody wants the PSP to be on the TV, I mean, you've got the UMD movies which
are selling like crazy, of course.
The first thing, of course, they have the PSP2TV, which is actually kind of an add-on
modification that you can do to your PSP system.
The new one now, though, is kind of using, I would say, smoke and mirrors.
It's kind of a device that looks very similar to what they're making for Metal Gear Acid
2 plugs into the top and then I guess like a scanner kind of re-encodes everything and
puts it on your TV. I don't know. I don't know about that working.
Sounds crazy. Okay.
But it doesn't require modification and I think that's kind of the selling point of
it.
Okay. Okay. That's cool. You also had a story about now like a mod for the Nintendo, like
with the GBA Micro being so popular right now.
Yes, actually the guy behind all those portable systems, like the portable Atari Ben Heck,
he actually created a brand new NES Micro, as he calls it, and they've got screenshots
on his site here on BenHeck.com.
The NES Micro is smaller than the cartridge, the cartridge is pretty small, pretty thick
also but the cartridge is twice the size of the micro yeah it's still pretty
small they have it um you know side by side with the micro and it's about you
know about a half an inch bigger Wow is that is that Ninja Gaiden they're
playing right now on the NES micro Mega Man 2 oh I thought I saw Ninja Gaiden
in one of those pictures I was gonna say good choice but Mega Man 2 is a good
choice too yeah so that's kind of cool pretty nifty sounds good
Dark Soccer, you had one kind of too bad story about GameStop?
Yeah, last one for me.
GameStop is cutting 700 jobs in the Philadelphia area,
like immediately after this merger has taken place.
They've shut down the corporate office
and have also shut down the distribution center.
A VB?
Yes.
However, they're saying that other than the game stores currently in existence,
since the GameStop ones, they're not going to have that big of a presence, they're not
going to really shift things, and from what I've heard, a lot of the EB's are still going
to stay and keep operating under the EB name.
Oh, interesting.
So that explains what's going to happen when you have a mall and you have EB, which is
like right up, like we have here in Sacramento, we have a mall where the show's based, we
have a mall where there's a GameStop and then like right around the corner there's an EB
next to the Cinnabon.
I don't think either of those stores are going anywhere.
Right.
Well, people probably wondered, you know, with a merger is EB going to be GameStop and you just have two GameStops in the mall, which would be a little crazy.
I believe it's still operating under, well, they said, from what I understand, they were supposed to dissolve the EB name, however, the EB stores are still there, so I don't know how they're going to manage that.
Interesting.
Let's say I have GameStop A and GameStop B.
GameStop A and GameStop B.
And for the record...
Well, it could be like Express Men and Express Women, they could have GameStop Nintendo and GameStop Xbox and GameStop Sony, it'd be interesting.
I do need to correct myself, though, as far as Barnes & Noble's involvement in that, GameStop
is now a fully functioning business.
They're still associated with Barnes & Noble, but they are their own business.
No longer a fully owned subsidy, I should say.
I got one last story for you guys, and we'll let Loki finish this out tonight, because
I think his thing's a little bit cooler.
My last thing is Soul Calibur 3.
I can't believe I saved this for last.
This is big news.
Soul Calibur 3, though, for me, it feels like it's been flying under the radar a little
bit.
Maybe it's just because I'm not following the same news I used to, but I remember Soul
Calibur 2 was, like, this huge frickin' deal.
Soul Calibur 3, certainly if you're a fighting game fan, is still a huge deal, but this one's
kind of been seeming to fly under the radar for me, but it's still gonna look like a cool
game, nonetheless.
Maybe it's because, A, it doesn't have Link in it, and B, I know, but it wasn't the whole
game.
I mean, the arcade version of Soul Calibur 2 is awesome.
Ivy is the whole game, really, is what it was.
The Xbox version of Soul Calibur 2 was awesome.
Anyway, Soul Calibur 3 is for the Playstation 2.
It's coming out October 25th, which I was kind of surprised, I was like, whoa, that
was quick.
Also rated T for Teen, $49.99.
Of course, the big thing about this is that you're going to be able to do some, create
your own character, which I think will be very interesting.
So we'll see.
I definitely want to review this game on a later show.
Loki, take us out tonight with a story about Flash.
kind of a little promo thing. They have actually, as part of GameSpot, you can actually play
the whole Prince of Persia via Flash on the Internet.
Like the old-ass Prince of Persia. We're not talking the sands of time.
Yes. Wasn't there anything about the Prince of
Persia that was on like the NES, the Commodore 64, the Apple, the Game Boy? It was on like
every system ever at that time. That's correct. You can find us at www.gamespot.com
slash promo slash Prince of Persia dash game slash flash. That's it. Interesting.
Slash partridge in a pear tree dot org. Check that out you guys. dot EU.
Alright, couple really quick things. PSP firmware 2.5 came out that allows the
movies on the go type thing where you can stream over the internet. Too bad that
the peripheral that you need to use that is $350, so that sucks for everybody.
There's a brand new viral marketing campaign out.
Oh God, one of those websites.
Yep, that's right.
It's actually hex168, I believe is what it is, hex168.com, it's supposed to finish in
two days.
People are thinking it might be the announcement of World of Warcraft for the 360.
I doubt it.
about that.
But anyways, that was just kind of interesting and the other thing is, and this is kind of
a disappointment to me, Elder Scrolls IV got pushed back to December.
Another launch game getting pushed back.
Go figure.
Couple weeks, but you know, December.
Still.
Still.
Still.
Yeah, so that's lame.
That's it.
That's going to do it.
That's the show, you guys.
Final thoughts.
Loki.
I need to play more games this week.
SSX on tour looks awesome, I can't wait.
My final thought is World of Warcraft, setting things on fire, full report next week.
Dark Sakura.
Reject pulse icons.
And that's all.
And one more thing, more fun stuff coming to the PSP site.
You had your last thought.
Alright.
Yes, check out the PSP site, OLRPSP.com, we haven't plugged that yet.
You know what though, we have barely heard from somebody this entire show.
Who's that?
Yes, our little pet ferret.
What are those things called?
Scoosies?
Scott the Ferret.
You know, in the little album art for our show, you see him, like really, really tiny.
I have just been sad and now I've been reunited with my Ferret friend.
Alright, we're done, we're done, thanks for telling us, check us out next week, we'll
be back as always.
Have we ever missed a week?
I don't know.
I want a vacation, when do I get a vacation?
You missed one show.
One show.
Alright, anyway, that's it, see you guys next time.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next update!
