Orange lounge radio to go edition week of October 10th, 2005
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat
Now here are your hosts DarkSakura, Skye, and Loki
Hello everybody once again welcome. Thank you for subscribing
And downloading the Orange lounge radio to go edition. We're here to talk about video games that don't suck
It's all the gaming news that you really want to know about here on Orange Lounge Radio
to Go, and we really appreciate your guys' support in downloading and checking us out.
It means a lot to us, so not just me here on this program, Rob Roberts, but also I'm
joined by the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Not going anywhere.
That's right, he's still here, and the one and only Loki.
That's right, I'm here.
All right.
First off, I want to...
We're still working on that.
We were trying to vote him out.
We had an alliance going on, so we could get one step closer to the million.
I lied about my grandma dying, and then that's how I stayed in.
Anyway, that's a different podcast, people.
All right, anyway, starting off tonight, I want to talk about OLRPSP.com, the brand new
PSP website that we launched recently.
Been getting a lot of great feedback.
A couple of really big PSP sites ran stories on it, and that's just awesome, so thanks
you guys, the PSP community, for responding so well, and those of you guys that are downloading
the show on to your PSP, enjoy. Great use for your PSP, all this stuff, so.
Still working on more stuff for it too.
Yeah, Loki's still working on that website, so.
Yeah, we're looking at maybe a shell box and looking at chat, possibly.
Alright, we'll see. So check out OLRPSP.com and celebrate OLRPSP.com. How about a giveaway?
Sounds good to me!
Alright, we're going to do a giveaway. We're going to give away copies of Death Jr. and Coded Arms,
are the two games that we're giving away.
We're gonna give away Death Junior to one winner
and Coded Arms to another winner.
So two separate prizes here, two separate winners.
All you gotta do, email freestuff at orangelountrader.com.
Free stuff, no spaces or dashes or anything,
just freestuff at orangelountrader.com
and somebody's gonna win Death Junior
and somebody's gonna win Coded Arms.
It's just that easy.
We won't spam you, we won't put you on any list or anything.
Just send us an email and you might win.
but if you put a funny message in there that uses bad grammar, I will laugh at you.
Alright. Let's start off tonight's show talking about how our gaming week was going.
DarkSakura, how's your gaming week been?
Busy. Actually, I had the week off of school, so I basically sat around and did, you know, crap all day.
Well, of course I had work, but I played some Nintendogs, although I do not know where my DS is now.
Oops. I think I locked my DS in the drawer at work.
Did the dog eat it?
What dog? I have a cat.
I'm just teasing.
We heart kind of already though as it's cracked out. It still makes me emotion sick. All right
um
What else about god's playing lots of stuff dan's been playing the hell out of uh need for speed underground 2 on xbox
Lots of racing i'm so sick of hearing
When I get home, but he did make me an evo so I forgive him
Very cool because he said that car was dedicated to me
He's dedicating a virtual car we can never afford, well actually technically we can't
afford one right now.
However, in the real world.
Like an Xbox 360 and a Playstation 3 and a Revolution.
Xbox 360 does not come first on that list.
Release date-wise, yes.
Opinion-wise, no.
Anything else you've been gaming with this week?
God yeah, playing lots of Taiko no Tatsujin, Taiko Drum Master, I have the US one.
roommate extra fur yes we have our Firefly Monday a Firefly fight Friday
right and afterwards we went out we know we kidnapped my husband and all went out
to Lions and came back which is a restaurant yeah yeah late night Lions on
Firefly Friday and played lots of Taiko no Tatsujin and my hands are all bruised
and we're watching the cracked out opening sleep deprived thing you're so
cute how does the Japanese version compare to the English version and when
was the last time Jamie played Japanese version oh you haven't played it I
I thought, yeah, I've played both.
I haven't in my time.
The English one is a little bit scaled down compared to the Japanese ones.
It's a lot scaled down.
But it's still cute.
It's cute, but I'm gonna go on and import the others.
I didn't honestly have much interest in it beforehand.
But now that, I mean, I played it before, but I just was like, eh.
The Arcade one is a heck of a lot of fun, because the Taiko drum is like, Taiko, it's
actual size.
It's a heck of a lot of fun.
I like playing the Arcade version.
Of course, I only know of one arcade, and that's in LA, which is not exactly around
the corner from us.
They need to bring out the PSP version here.
It's a lot of fun.
It's not the same when you've got a game like that on the PSP.
It's not the same when you've got a game like that on the PSP because there's no taiko drum.
It still works.
Yawn, whoring, whatever.
I'll say Dan's been playing Castlevania Dawn of Sorrow.
I'm definitely going to touch on that later because I picked that up too.
It's looking pretty nice.
Did you get a chance to play it yourself yet?
I turned it on in the bathroom.
He left the DS in there.
All right.
I trip over the thing because he has a half-hanging...
We have this hanging basket in our bathroom, and he had it sticking out,
and I ran into it and knocked it across the floor.
I was like, oh shit, did I break it down the DS?
I was getting on my...
Because I keep the cat box in the bathroom too.
I was afraid I knocked it into the cat litter.
Oops.
Wow.
All right.
I've been playing World of Warcraft 2.
How's that going?
Really, it's tons of fun.
Did you catch that disease that was going around in World of Warcraft?
That was before I started playing, thank you.
I think the disease is hilarious, because it is actually the first true
first virtually created virus.
You know, I was reading something, it didn't make the cut for tonight's stories,
but something about that some official government agency is using that to
to study disease control now that would happen in World of Warcraft. So strange to me, but
interesting.
But it's pretty cool, because the thing is that it was passing to any character in the
game.
Because, you know, people can teleport in real life.
But the thing is that it was passing on to any standing character in the game that anyone
talks to, and it was passing to the NPCs, and that's how it was spreading, is that people
would contract whatever that is, heal themselves, they would contract it, teleport in, talk
to the NPC, heal themselves, the NPC gets it, passes it on, because it cuts something
like 200 and something life each time it drops, for someone who's level 50, that doesn't matter,
for someone who's just starting off, that's instant death, and it keeps happening.
So they counteracted it by having them infected with something else or it's fixed but I never
had to worry about it.
Interesting.
Lucky, what have you been playing this week?
I've been playing Burnout Revenge.
Did you play anything besides Burnout?
I played Burnout Legends.
You're becoming a broken record.
Sorry, you know, I played this during the week and I don't have time to play stuff during
a home.
I really wish I did, but I played Nintendogs.
Taco's still alive.
I'm kind of done with Nintendogs now.
Me too.
I'm done.
I don't really care about Taco anymore.
I guess the virtual pet thing wasn't for me.
It's just I lost the attention to it, because you can't really do that much.
It's still a great game, but it's just, I don't know.
It's fun to throw bones and stuff at their head, but it's just, you know.
The Bark Ball.
It's all about the Bark Ball.
Maybe if there's expansions later on that your dog can learn to do more things.
When you quit playing, give me all your stuff.
Alright, we'll see, we'll see. Because I have a Mario hat, it's pretty cool.
I'm just waiting for Animal Crossing though.
I'm so looking forward to the Wi-Fi, it's going to be awesome. It's going to be cool,
except, I mean, how's that going to work with people coming into your town? I mean, we could have
like people like
destroying towns. I'm sure they have tested this thing into the ground, they'll
have a way to do it. Folks can interact with us in our town. You probably can only
allow certain, you probably get to allow who comes into your town and which trains
can run into your town.
it's going to be interesting. I feel like bark mode. Maybe.
I think it's going to be like bark mode. You have to be in like town mode or something.
But Wi-Fi somehow.
It's on the internet. It'd be interesting. Obviously you can't run when your DS is off, so you'd be able to monitor
who's coming in and out of your town, so
it'll be interesting. No retro game stuff pisses me off. I know.
Bad Nintendo. Bad. I got to play against the
Mario voice. At E3? At E3. Oh yeah. The whole reason I... And you said I was lovely.
The whole reason I bought Animal Crossing was because it had all those old Nintendo
games hidden in it, and come to find out Animal Crossing was actually a really freaking great
game in itself, and so I'm looking forward to the sequel, or I guess what I originally
thought was just going to be another port of the game, but now it's looking more like
a sequel, so...
I loved my house, with my big bonfire in the middle of my house.
Oh yeah, I loved your shrine to fire that you had in your house, it was awesome.
And I had taiko drums in my house.
Animal Crossing was such a great game, I would still be playing it if there was just a little
more to do.
I hope they bring out a really expansive version of it later on.
For any of those companies out there, I'm willing to advertise in my town for your products.
Shut up.
I actually, I have a Dobutsu no Mori, Japanese Animal Forest, which I actually bought to
to help myself with my Japanese because it's all in hiragana katakana.
The kanji that's in there is like first grade level kanji.
It's nothing hard and the thing is I don't know if anyone's ever listened to when they
speak in the U.S. when they're actually saying every letter in the words that they're speaking.
Well, in the Japanese one, now they do say it very fast.
It's hard to catch it, but they're saying every syllable.
They're actually speaking Japanese when they talk to you.
is very fast.
It's just very fast.
And cartoony style.
Exactly.
However, if you listen carefully enough, you can actually hear them talking.
Slow it down.
Record it.
Slow it down.
Mm-hmm.
All right.
Anything else you've been playing this week, Logie?
Nope.
All right.
My week.
A few games I want to talk about.
I want to follow up on Lost in Blue.
It was something that I kind of touched on last week, but I didn't really get to give
a more in-depth impression of it because I feel like I didn't get to play enough of
it.
So I played a little more Lost in Blue.
Sorry to say it didn't really hold my interest.
I would have to say borderline not recommend Lost in Blue.
I think there is an audience for this game out there.
It really reminds me of an old school like computer point and click game like an old
school King's Quest Loom style game and there's definitely some creative things to be done
with the stylus like digging in the sand and starting the fire and some of the things you
do, but I was just really bored with the story, and it seemed like I got so close to dying,
what?
I didn't get that far to the milk and the goat part, no.
I heard it was almost impossible to milk the goat.
The game, honestly, I didn't really want to play it that much longer, it just really didn't
hold my interest, so I can't really recommend Lost in Blue, but I do think there are people
out there that would like this type of game, so I'm not going to completely say avoid it,
but I'm just going to say borderline non-recommend, because I think there are people out there
that might enjoy it. If you like those old-style computer point-and-click games, you actually
might get a kick out of this. You might like this more than I did. And I did like some
King's Quest games and some of that stuff, I just wasn't, like, really into it, so that's
why I came.
Yeah, King's Quest bored the tears out of me, but I love Loom.
See, I love King's Quest IV, like that is an awesome game and some of the other King's
Quest. In fact, I have a King's Quest related story for later, but we'll talk about that
in a minute.
The other game I played, based on a recommendation in the forums, I didn't even know this game
was out, but Tecmo Arcade Collection, it's a bunch of old Tecmo arcade games packaged
on one, I think it's only for Xbox, Xbox DVD.
What is great about this is that it supports widescreen televisions, so if you want to
play Tecmobile, it actually shows in widescreen on your TV.
I think that's pretty awesome.
Of course, you know, you could play it on a normal TV as well, it's just going to be
a little bit smaller of an image, but Tecmo Bowl in the arcade was much different than
it was on the NES, and I have to say I'm actually a little bit disappointed, it wasn't quite
what I remember.
Like, on the NES it was really cool, but in the arcade it seemed kind of slow and jerky
and just not my kind of game.
And that's kind of how I felt playing a lot of these games in the Tecmo collection, was
like, boy, I just, I remember this game being a lot better.
And granted, you go into a game like Rygar, now Rygar on the NES was completely different
than it was in the arcade.
The arcade was like a side-scroller action-based game where the Nintendo one was borderline
role-playing style.
It was more of a quest and walk-around, more free-roaming type of game.
The arcade one, that's probably one of my more favorite games in the collection, but
still it's kind of like one of those things where I was like, boy, I remember this game
being better when I played it in the 80s and then I do like Solomon's Key and
Pinball Action and some of the titles that they aren't so much hyping in this
they're really like gems hidden in this collection that are very cool like I
like Solomon's Key the arcade version is very cool and some of the other stuff in
there as well here's my biggest problem with with the Tecmo collection it's
$29.99 not $19.99 and I honestly think $29.99 is a little high when you consider
that most of the retro, at least where I paid for it, it was $29.99, and there were other
retro collections sitting right next to it, the Midway one, the Namco one, for $19.99.
And I just, I don't think the price additional is really justified with this, so what if
it has Tecmo Bowl?
I think $19.99 is a more fair price to be charging for this game.
So I'm gonna borderline recommend it just because I think there's some good titles in
here that a lot of folks might remember from the NES but they never got to play the arcade
versions of some of these games, and I think it's worth checking out. There are a lot of
really good gems in this series, but it's nothing to drop everything and go right out
and buy.
Next game I played this week was Sprung for the Nintendo DS, which is actually a game
that has been out for quite some time.
Since launch.
It was one of the launch titles. I finally got around to playing it this week. Sprung
is one of the second worst video game I've ever played on the DS. It is an awful game.
I didn't even find a game inside Sprung.
I understand Sprung is supposed to be like a dating sim.
So basically all you do is you watch this absolutely idiotic story and select the best
answer from a list and once in a while you use an item.
I was so bored with this game, I forced myself to play the game a little bit longer, but
I was just like, this is stupid.
Why is this a game on the DS?
This should be a game that's a flash thing on somebody's website.
I can't believe somebody will waste their money on Sprung.
I definitely do not recommend Avoid Like the Plague Sprung.
It's awful.
It's not even a game.
It's a scenario-based borefest.
Keep in mind that those games are very, very popular in Japan.
Yeah, but they're also better in Japan.
He has Tokimeki Memorial.
You get to see boobs in the Japanese one.
You don't even get that here.
So they did a Tokimeki for girls.
Well, yeah, and in this one you can play as the girl or the guy
But it doesn't matter that both stories suck so there's the girl one
I mean, she actually has to convince the guy to have sex with her cuz I
Honestly, so I don't know if they ever got it on. I just didn't care. I I wanted that game out of my DS
It's that bad and for the record on the only game I've played that's worse than that is ping-pals
chat room sim
yeah would be picked a chat for an additional that's like picked a chat
plus crappy minigames what is that come on
I anyway I last game Castlevania Dawn of Sorrow
finally a really really good game I played this week if you like to the most
recent Castlevania game that they put out on the
the Game Boy Advance we're like collecting the souls and absorbing the
souls
you're gonna like this one because like the exact same freaking thing it's a
a continuation in that story.
And it's an absolute continuation of the story, except they added the magic seal thing, which
is kind of hokey, but they did some other touch screen elements, like certain souls
that you absorb, you use the touch screen as part of it, and that's kind of neat.
And you can play as Alucard.
Ooh, I didn't get that far yet.
I believe, because Dan showed me something on one of the sites, I believe that Alucard
is an unlockable character in that game.
Oh, that's cool.
Oh, I hope so.
Then you meet with the other people and you can switch off like in Castlevania III.
I say I haven't gotten that far in the game yet, but I do know I like this game, Symphony
of the Night, one of the greatest video games ever in my opinion, and although I haven't
followed the advanced game so well, I did like this most recent one they had, the Aria
of Sorrow, but I like this, the continuation, it's great, and there's extra features like
a versus and a soul trading thing, it's great.
For Castlevania fans, especially if you're a fan of Symphony of the Night, this one doesn't
disappoint. My only complaints is that the drawing thing is a little bit hokey. That's
about it, honestly. It's a great game. I recommend Castlevania Dawn of Sorrow.
I still love the opinion they need to do a US release of what was the Saturn version
of Symphony of the Night in Japan. Oh, where you could play as Maria, right?
Yeah. That game, the one problem I had with it is that the 3D effects were not as good.
the 2D effects were much better, the sound was infinitely better because as the sound
processor and 2D graphics in the Saturn were far superior to the Playstation, but it had
so much more to offer that I think that that game would sell very well if it comes out
over here.
You know a complaint I heard about Castlevania Dawn of Sorrow, a complaint I heard was you
don't get to use a whip.
Yeah, it's not a Castlevania game if you don't use a whip.
It is a totally a Castlevania game. I don't get that argument.
You do unlock a character who is one of the Belmonts and you do get to use a whip.
So what? You don't get to use a whip. The swords play practically the exact same way. I don't get that.
Wait a second. You need to use a whip in Symphony of the Night.
I know.
Yes you do.
Victor is an unlockable character.
Well still though, that's the same thing though.
It's the Victor story.
The night is the greatest Castlevania game, period.
Ever.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Not even Simon's Quest, not even Castlevania 3, not even the original.
Dracula X was infinitely better.
No, I, I, you show me Dracula X, I still think...
Dracula X was the last true Castlevania game.
Possibly. I could see that argument.
The series...
But not the Super Nintendo version, not the Super Nintendo version.
Even that was good, but when you started getting into the whole Metroid-style gameplay, I don't
think there's a comparison.
Anyway, we've got to get into some other actual news going on this week.
As much as I could argue about Castlevania all night long, let's talk about it.
And hi, you're a nerd.
You're listening to it.
Just kidding.
We love our listeners.
Follow-ups to some stories we've talked about previously, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger
here in California where we record our show, he did sign that bill and that's the one that
will ban the sale of violent video games to minors and you could be fined up to a thousand
dollars if you're a retailer violating the law, and this takes effect January 1st.
So kids, you better put those violent video games on your Christmas list, because starting
January 1 you won't be able to buy them yourself, or your retailer might get a fine.
Thank God I did not vote for him.
Without getting too political here though, I mean...
I'm just saying.
I know, but...
It's a govenator.
I don't know I mean honestly I could say I didn't vote for him either but this
really was written by a Democratic assemblyman it's really a bipartisan
thing I just think there's I don't think everything was truly being considered
with this I just I just think there could have been a better option to do
what they wanted to do I I'm cool with them I don't know how much I want to
rehash the same topic though honestly just go listen to an old podcast I know
I've talked about it before I just have a quick description for getting more
voters but that could be said of either either party in this case because the
media kind of taking the popular opinion and using media hype to gain himself
some more voters who knows alright GameStop and EB Games the merger was
approved we talked previously that you know GameStop was gonna buy EB Games it
It was approved, the merger went through, and I don't know if the names are changing
though.
I don't think they are.
But they are officially one company.
They'll be just game games.
Now on to some other stories.
The Gizmondo is on its way out on October 22, and there's something special though about
the Gizmondo.
Right, Jamie?
They kind of changed something.
Well, yeah, it's going to be widescreen.
We have a widescreen Gizmondo.
So why are they doing that?
It looks like the PSP.
I think it's funny.
I like the phrase, though, that the rumors that Gizmondo is $210 million in the hole
isn't going to stop the release on time.
I'm sure the Phantom console is worse in the hole.
Yeah.
The only reason it's widescreen is they're trying to compete with the pop station.
Sure.
But taking a look at the image of the widescreen gizmondo, I have to say, I liked the gizmondo.
I had absolutely no problem with it.
This thing does look pretty sleek.
Yeah, but does it have sight talking?
Oh, they definitely changed the look of that from what they were showing at E3.
You know what's funny is I remember the original shots of the PSP back when it was conceptual
still.
They had shots of fish as well.
I think that's kind of ironic in that picture of the widescreen gizmondo, there's fish on
it.
Maybe they took that as a favorable sign.
Are you going to be picking one of these up, Dark Star Crown?
I hope so.
I mean, ever since I got to play it at E3 and played that game, Johnny Whatever, that
had the karaoke mode, was sort of like Guitar Freaks.
What other games are on this thing?
That's the only one I really know anything about, is the Johnny Whatever.
I have no idea.
See?
And what's the golden rule of gaming?
We brought this up on the three hour show this week.
A system is only as good as the games that are on it.
So I want to hear less about the Gizmondo and more about the games.
So start putting out the game information in your press releases, because I'm really
curious.
However, it's Tiger.
Tiger Toys.
Oh yeah, but you know.
They bought us hours of black and white entertainment back in the day.
Very true.
You get those Tiger Toys and you're about to crack a jacks.
Yep.
Very true.
Um, Loki, what's kind of going on in the hack and crack scene?
I know there was, of course, the mandatory PSP update that happened.
Yes, 2.01.
It adds no features whatsoever other than fixing the hole that allows you to do stuff
with your PSP.
Other than that, since people love the hack of the firmware, they're doing some more cosmetic
modifications.
The first one is they have a guide to removing the broken icons.
It requires you to hex edit your firmware and the run of programming basically just
blanks out those icons instead of actually having them pop up.
The other one is, you know those little wavy lines that are on there that prevent burn
in?
You can get rid of those too as well.
Just more cosmetic stuff.
I like the wavy lines.
I know, but some people don't and you know what?
They just want to remove them, so by golly, they're going to do it.
So yeah.
We were talking earlier in the show a little bit about Nintendogs and I was saying that
I get a little burned out on Nintendogs, but the fun is just beginning for some of our
other friends, right Jamie?
Yep.
The seventh nintendo dogs was just released in europe and uh...
loki didn't you post some photos from that in your blog?
it was freaking cute is what it was yes they had um some pictures of the people bringing
their dogs with them um it was just absolutely adorable um they've got one where the dogs
like actually sniffing the, the, or licking the, um, oh my god, dog licking the D.S. Eh?
Eh? He's trying to be a celebrity. DarkSakura, any word on how this game is selling? Over
in Europe? Um, taking a look, oh, there's just your cute picture of the puppy and his
darker ball. I'm sorry, I love that game so much. Um, it got an 8 out of 10 by Eurogamer.
Mm-hmm. Um, really most of the problems, the same problems I had with it was, uh, getting
them to actually understanding what you're saying, but I haven't seen much as far as
the sales on it go.
I haven't yet pulled up the numbers, I've just been pulling up the reviews.
There was a fun line I like in this one review I read on Eurogamer, just to read the small
paragraph.
Sure.
It says, while we're enchanted by it, since it's a highly engaging and entertaining game
and one that makes excellent use of the DS's unique capabilities, plus it's got puppies
in it.
I think that sums it up.
By the way, they did throw a puppy party to celebrate the launch of this game, which featured
such wonderful events as dog-loving celebrities, they had actual canine celebrities as well,
some dogs from different shows and stuff.
They had dog's eye video screens, a very important pooch chill-out area, and the Doggie Olympics
as well as a doggie disco.
Because Nintendogs is so big, there are other people out there that want to steal some of
Nintendogs thunder, correct?
Yeah, there are.
I'm also trying to find the numbers, by the way, but yeah, O3 has decided to put out one
for the GBA called Pocket Dogs, which is basically the same thing on the GBA.
So how would you do that on the GBA with no voice and no touch screens, you can't really
text your dog?
It's actually from the Hanadekka Club toy brand.
Is there screenshots up there on your screen there?
Yeah, Hanadekka Club is sort of like the dog with the fisheye camera, so it's all the puppies
done the same way.
There are eight breeds to choose from, including Pugs, Chihuahua, Shih Tzu.
The dogs can talk with their owners, find out about their likes and dislikes, and will
play games of fetch, frisbee, balls, and bones.
I'm sure that it's crap compared to the other one.
I don't know because I do like the Hanadeka stuff.
I'd look at it, but this actually is, so far it looks like it will be released this holiday
season.
Alright.
Moving on, there's some other stuff coming out for the DS.
I thought this was very interesting, Square Enix is actually putting out a game called
Mario Basket 3 vs. 3, so shock at something that's not a role-playing game, although it's
not the first time they haven't done a role-playing game, but very interesting, they're kind of
doing this little basketball-looking game, and it's a 3-on-3 game using the DS, it should
be interesting, it has a very Mario Kart-style look to it, which I think is very interesting
considering it's being developed not by Nintendo, but by Square.
We did get Mario Baseball.
That's true.
That's true.
That just recently came out.
Also, Nintendo is unveiling a new Wario Land game that's coming out very soon and that
will also be on the DS, so it should be interesting.
I want to mention this for PSP.
Our friends on the PSP, Datel has released a four gigabyte hard drive for the PSP.
Now because this is a hard drive, it also has a battery that goes with it and it's supposed
to boost your time that you play or like it's supposed to like boost the loading times as
as well, using the hard drive.
Well, it's twice the battery power for one, because it's basically this giant battery
that sticks out of your battery port there.
Right.
Then it's also got a 4GB drive in there as well.
Now the only bad thing about Datel is they've got really bad track record with their batteries.
Their batteries tend to explode.
Oh my gosh!
So hopefully this won't have the explosive feature in it, but hey, more storage space
Price is always good, just expensive.
And speaking of which, no price released yet for this.
Actually there is a price released for that.
Oh, I hadn't read it.
The price is going to be actually, I believe it was roughly, they had the European price
for it, which was I think the range of, I can't remember how many pounds, but it ended
up being about $250 US.
Wow, that's almost as much as the PSP.
Yeah, well, it's ridiculous, actually, but if you want to store tons of crap...
Especially since you can't buy actual 4GB hard drives anyway anymore, and if you could,
they'd be like $15.
Well, they're releasing that one peripheral that the team executor is working on that's
actually going to be using CompactFlash and micro drives, which go up to 6GB, and those
Those are a little bit less expensive, but actually, if you get that on there, and then
you add the, there's an adapter you can make or buy that converts laptop drives to work
with Combat Flash, you can, in a sense, have, you know, a 30 gig, 120 gig drive.
Of course, you'd be spending upwards of about $500 for it, but, you know, hey, if you want
more space, I mean, that's one way to do it.
And let's see.
All right, I'm looking to see here real quick because I know they had that going for it.
They also had actually the PSP TV stuff, they announced the price point for that as well.
Oh, what was that?
Do you know the price for that?
Price for that is going to be $119.
They're taking pre-orders right now.
One of the things that they added to it is an S-video out, so you can have that plus
the swappable.
You can do 4.3 or 16.9 aspect ratios.
Speaking of money, but going to a different company, is rumors going around this week,
and I think some of it comes back to Joystiq.com, ran an article about Nintendo possibly releasing
the revolution for $99, kind of a rumor that's going around right now, wouldn't that be very
interesting though, because the Xbox 360 is going to be what, $300 for the core, $400
a little more PlayStation 3 we don't know yet but we can expect it will
probably be about the same so what a way for Nintendo to catch up by being kind
of last one out the gate to really you know create interest in their system
because it would only be $100 can you imagine it would be very smart I'd have
to the only thing I can think of logically is if the system is not that
expensive to make for parts and labor mm-hmm and however much they would pay
per system for marketing and then for you know shipping sales you'd have to
see what what their overhead is in this however you can make enough product with
even a minute profit to make back and pull a good profit by selling more units
you know what's interesting is I seem to remember that Nintendo has tried to
launch new systems at $99 before and usually doesn't make it they usually get
launched for about 150 I'm thinking the GameCube here GameCube and I think
Nintendo 64 was almost the same way as well when it first came out. I can't remember
100 percent. It might have been 200, but
I know both of those they were aiming for $99, so I would expect that the
revolution is probably going to be about $150
if this is really true. Even so, it's comparable. Even so, that's half.
Very competitive. That's half as much.
That would be a real way for Nintendo to gain some ground if they were going to be the
last ones out the gate, but
you know, who knows? There's the whole innovation thing with the controller.
But on top of that, Nintendo has always been oriented toward more family,
child games, and what parent is going to want to buy their small child a $350 system, when
they can get a $150 system that would be easier to play, should their child track it?
Absolutely.
I have something to add here.
Okay.
What?
I don't think we've heard everything about the revolution yet.
I think there's more features they haven't even announced yet.
For example, there was a conference a while back when they were talking about pushing
into the next stage, which is basically 3D, so you're going to have 3D movies and stuff,
like they're going to remake Star Wars and stuff.
One of the presenters there, I believe it might have been Peter Jackson or something,
someone there, Robert Rodriguez, I think it was, mentioned that a lot of film companies
are going to add one game company out there, they're referring to one of the big three,
actually going to be using this in their next console. So, I think that what's going to
be is, and this is my theory, is that they're going to have, it's not going to be as powerful
photorealistic wise, but it's going to be 3D, which will be why you need a 3D remote.
Interesting thought, we'll see.
Loki dropped the name Peter Jackson, of course Peter Jackson's got that King Kong movie coming
out pretty soon. DarkSakura, you said something about the game?
Just a little something on it. I found the trailer for it is actually up on Eurogamer.net.
If you go into their download section, there's the Peter Jackson's King Kong demo available
for download. I think that's probably hitting a lot of the
major game sites because I actually saw a little clip of the game in action. It looks
very nice. If you want to see what the Xbox 360 might look like by using your PC, kind
I know, because the graphics are supposed to be comparable.
Check it out on your PC.
There's also a teaser for Tomb Raider Legends x360.
And teaser would be not playable though, right?
Just a little trailer?
Right, but it is there to see some of the stuff.
Also one I'm kind of interested in myself is the Possession Zombie Takedown.
Just because you like zombies, you like to eat brains.
I like the zombies.
I know, but I keep starving in this town.
Alright, DarkSakura.
You know, you have to help save the children of America, basically, because, you know,
they can't be playing the video games all day long, because if they play video games
all day long, then they really will turn into zombies who go around eating brains, and they
can't do it for fun.
MTV does it for us.
So anyway, Dark Sakura's here to save America with her one and only advice column.
Dark Sakura, what are you going to tell the kids about tonight?
Today's piece of advice is how to jump from a moving train, because you never know when
are going to be having a jump from the train, or the Obama from the train.
Number one, make your jump from the end of the rear car.
Obviously, duh. You don't jump from the middle because then, sorry.
Wait for the train to slow as it rounds the bend in the tracks if you have time.
Pick your landing spot, that's number two. The ideal spot is relatively soft and free of obstruction.
3. Get as low to the floor as possible, bending your knees.
4. Jump perpendicular, that's sideways children, to the train, leaping as far as you can.
5. Cover your head with your arms and roll like a log when you land.
6. For my final, final piece of advice, if you hitchhiking, stick to cars.
Much easier. You don't have to jump from a train.
Alright, looking for that piece of advice.
Loki what's going on with the Xbox 360 and some I know you like to talk about homebrew stuff for
PSP but now it sounds like there's independent stuff going on for the 360. What's this about?
Yeah, one of the things that the 360 is gonna have is the Xbox Live Arcade where you can download mini games
Probably not free, but you can download them
Some of the mini games that they've been showing off actually
Actually there's been a couple and those are going to be actually at the Independent Games
Conference in Eugene, Oregon.
The first one being Marble Blast Ultra, which looks like a cheap PC ripoff of Marble Madness.
That may not be a bad thing though, Marble Madness is excellent.
It's not a bad thing, I mean it looks okay.
One of the other things that they had this other game, Mutant Swarm, which sort of just
look like another Asteroids-type game. One I'm excited about, Geometry Wars 2, which
is actually going to be bundled with Project Gotham Racing 3, and this game looks friggin'
awesome. It's kind of a combo between Asteroids, Res, and Phantom Vision. Just tons of explosions
on the screen. The other ones that they were showing off, which actually is pretty cool,
is Joust, a classic Atari game.
Right on.
Now they have joust, but do they have burger time?
Sucks! Sucks! Worst system ever!
No, I'm kidding.
One of the things I was going to mention is the Xbox hard drive that they're
coming out with, it does come with some other features.
Yeah, I was looking about this. What's this? Like Hexic or something?
Hexin. No, Hexin's a different game.
Hexic. It's like a Tetris game. It's actually done by the guy who did Tetris.
there's going to be actually videos like the behind the scenes of the Xbox
whatever and then they have like custom soundtrack stuff and
more gamer text. All useless crap by the way.
Well I don't know, the game might be cool. Okay the game might be cool but does it justify
the hundred dollar price tag on a 20 gig hard drive? No, because
you're getting the hard drive and all the HD cables which is really what's
selling me here because I would like to have the right cables. No, I'm talking about buying the hard drive by itself.
$100. But all this crap is getting preloaded on if you buy the
hard drive yeah and that's it's either if you buy it with the system
or by itself that's going to be on there so you get a game which is kinda cool
but you need the hard drive if you're going to play any of these games because you
guys download them to your hard drive. Oh the arcade stuff yeah.
Yeah the other game that they showed was Wick and the Fable of Souls
and I have no idea what that was it just looks like some RPG or
shooter game that has a tree in it so it's got a tree
that's all I know. Good way to sum that up. It's interesting now the other thing
to disappoint fans, unfortunately, at launch. A couple of games have gone buh-bye, and those
would be Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter for all those Tom Clancy fans, and of course Frame
City Killer for all those Namco fans.
So, starting to push back a little bit there.
It's a good Valentine's Day gift.
Nothing says I love you like Tom Clancy, he's an advanced warfighter.
I'm sure. Speaking of Xbox, might as well roll on with Microsoft here. This week we
had Doom 3 Resurrection of Evil come out, not too often on the consoles, I mean it's
happened before, but not too often do you see expansions coming out for games where
you have to already own the first game to play this expansion, and that's what's going
on with the Doom 3 here.
Not quite.
Really?
No, it's its own thing.
Did I misunderstand the article?
Yes.
Oh, crap.
It's actually, the game's re-released, it's like Ninja Gate in black.
It's basically re-released with the PC expansion stuff.
we've got a couple more weapons and uh... more levels
that's not what somebody else told me something else so we go back as it is
maybe the pc version was like that
yes it was no original
well crap
well that's nothing special and just another game coming out now do three
was pretty cool
it's also the price points lower
it's a that's true twenty nine ninety three tramp or you need it can do
was the movie
oh yeah the trailer forget the movie
see it I'm not I want to see it and laugh at it and then watch the rock for
an hour that first-person thing was so hokey I'm sorry if the halo movie if the
halo trailer ends up looking like that I'm just I'm gonna laugh you know I
still have to remind our listeners you know speaking of movies Silent Hill
coming out next year yeah did you did you have something about like a I'm
still trying to find more on it but there is there's a couple more people
listed on IMDB like we can really you know say yeah IMDB but they have a link
to the article to the not an article but a interview with Roger Avery that I had
touched on a few weeks ago I remembered us getting as far as some of the other
actors in there we also have Jodelle Fairland Alice Cridge is that how her
It also goes a little bit more into the behind-the-scenes cast, but it's still Sean Bean.
That's cool.
At this point, we're getting a little late in the show, but that's all right.
It's never too late to open up the old mailbag and see what's going on, what our listeners
have said to us.
Of course, you can email the show by just sending us an email togo at orangelaungeradio.com.
I am going to try to find a way to get this up on our site, hopefully, but it is of one
of the gameboy micro.
Also in response to Sasuke, I wanted to know what the ColecoVision is. I believe we were talking about the ColecoVision.
Yes, the C-O-L-E-C-O Vision.
Coleco also made swimming pools and cabbage patch kits.
I knew about the cabbage patch kits. I didn't know about the swimming pools.
Yep.
You know, a lot of gaming companies make other things. You may not know about, like, Konami and slot machines.
Yeah.
I know there's others, but that's the one that comes to mind because I like to gamble.
Also, Bradley, not to be confused with Arcadian42, also sent me the link to the GameSpot article
about pocket dogs.
Ah, okay.
Do you like it when the listeners try to clue us in a little bit?
No, it's cool.
We like it.
Anyone else?
Actually, I got another email from Rob with two B's.
Okay.
He actually just had a little bit more about the super huge games.
I think I like this one sentence in particular here.
The industry is taking sides, so it's Betamax versus VHS all over again.
Oh, with the HD DVD and Blu-ray?
With the formats, exactly, but that does make perfect sense.
Oh no, it absolutely makes sense, but I really hope before these things get into, we go too
too far with this, like we went with beta, because my family was the unfortunate family
that had the beta machine.
I had both.
The Betamax, you could copy anything off VHS past CopyGuard.
I know, but we couldn't afford both, so we only had the beta machine.
Whoops, we picked the wrong one, so I really don't want to see that happen again.
I hope this gets settled before it gets really out there.
I love the reminder about the Divix machine.
Remember the Divix?
Oh, sure.
So Penny Arcade and their character are the Demiks, I think that's hilarious.
Also about the worst game, see I always said it was UT, but he said it was Firefly Magic
Carpet.
What about Zelda Wand Gamelon?
I don't know, these are pretty rotten ones.
Frickin' play Sprung and tell me you didn't just play the worst game.
Or Ping Pals, pick up either one of those and tell me you just didn't play the worst
game I actually I at least Zelda amused me for a few seconds I don't know now
I'm one of our listeners wrote in Danny and I want to read this email sure
because I 100% freaking agree with it okay okay um I believe I speak for some
people when I say fuck IGN Wow okay just the other day I was trying to read a
gaming article when all of a sudden a random yellow circle covered over the
text I was reading. As it turned out, this was an ad, an ad that had obscured what I
was reading. After realizing what it was, I was instantly irritated. IGN is notorious
for planting obnoxious advertisements everywhere you try to visit, clicking a link, viewing
an image, forced uncontrollable downloading of a video ad when you want to watch something.
To be fair, this is a trend on the Internet as a whole that IGN is buying into, and I'm
sure is not the only gaming site, but of course one of the most prevalent.
I don't get those.
I paid for mine.
Well, you're a corporate whore, anyway.
And there's the other thing on here, and how about disallowing QuickTime media for the
majority of the time?
I am on a Macintosh and Windows Media Player is atrocious to use and watch on a Mac, and
then again, Windows Media Player is just atrocious, period.
That's my opinion.
What I want to bitch about IGN is all their downloads stop halfway.
Yeah, there's that too.
But there's also in here, you'd think with all the advertising IGN puts up that they'd have the bandwidth to allow QuickTime.
I don't know, they have QuickTime for everything. Once you're like an insider...
You have to be a paid member.
You have to pay for it.
Sorry.
But when this bot came out of nowhere and bought the article I wanted to read, it was the last straw.
A few years ago, IGN was limiting how many images you could view per day, and now they're blocking the text you want to read.
I was starting to tolerate IGN a bit recently, but they have officially lost my respect to
them this across the line.
So basically, he's looking for alternatives to IGN's sudden game spot had turned out
very similarly.
I actually greatly enjoy Eurogamer's News.
Even if it's more geared toward the European audience, you get really good reviews, really
good news on things that are coming out.
They have an excellent download section.
There's also 1UP, which I actually mentioned looking at 1UP.com, and they've been good
to us.
OneUp's pretty good.
I like OneUp.
I also like the ones that are just the facts.
There's no pretty picture, just the facts.
I like the media-oriented sites.
Slashdot and Dig, and some of those ones are just the facts.
If you're looking for trailers, gametrailers.com.
Yeah, gametrailers.com.
If you just want movies and you don't got to pay, then it's great.
So there are alternatives out there.
And of course, other independent podcasts.
Exactly.
Support your independent podcaster.
Yes, please do.
All right.
That was a good email. Thank you.
But yeah, I have to say that voiced a great deal.
Oh, also, use Mozilla.
Use Mozilla and there's an extension you can use.
I use this to block Flash, like Adblock.
Search for Adblock Mozilla on Google and you'll find this.
It's a thing that allows you to block, like Mozilla as it is,
you can right click on an image and block it from ever seeing it.
seeing it but adblock takes it like one step further where you can block plugins on the
page and things so you can get rid of those little QuickTime movies and stuff.
It's beautiful.
Love it.
I really like Firefox for that.
You just right click on it and you go to block images from.
I understand the websites are just trying to make their money and that's perfectly fine
but at the same time there's smart ways of doing it and there's annoying ways of doing
it.
Yeah, opening up IGN should not crash my computer.
Amen to that.
Anything else?
We also got another email about Le Play 2-0, and actually I'm so dumb I just closed the email.
I'll try to credit you next week, I'm sorry.
About Le Play 2-0 combines water play with the world of video games featuring flashing lights and sounds.
Directional water jets move characters through traps and mazes.
There's Pokémon, Super Mario Bros., Donkey Kong, and in Canada only SpongeBob SquarePants.
But after looking at this thing though, it looks like those little toys that you used
to get in the 80s that you'd push the button and it shot water up into the thing.
Now this one, it's electronic, you control the direction on it.
This makes me think of those things where you squish the water and try to hit the loop
and put it on a pike or something.
Hmm.
Sounds weird.
I'd have to really see this thing in action, but that's really what it's making me think
of.
I don't know if I want to... I don't feel like getting in the pool to try this out, sorry.
Could you go to play2o.com
Okay. Anything else?
Well, I do, but I think I will let somebody else
talk for a moment. Oh no, go ahead, go ahead. Do you insist? Yeah, I insist.
Must you? I do. I don't have it up, so you got the email up. There was one that
was
did you get me mail to me right
sort of text that we close the email but i was sorry
i can get it up real fast here sorry
you know i'm glad that your room is not in the room when you say that it was
shut up while you guys are doing that
i've heard or i got it it was on line
it was uh... shall amongst it was a gay question from uh... steven s
uh... who by the way has a hilarious email address but of course i can read
it on air but it's hilarious
says in Shaolin Monks I've been playing with my friend and every time he gets a
fatality, brutality, or brutality he gets it
and my character doesn't. If you can help me figure this out it would be much
appreciated because I'm about ready to give up on this game.
Hey, I played Mortal Kombat Shaolin Monks and the fatality thing was really
ticking me off too.
Honestly, you're going to have to check that out on Game FAQ.
Game FAQs, gamefacts.com
because I unfortunately do not know the answer and I'm okay with admitting
that I do not know the answer.
So, um, go for it. Check that out.
Um, and when you find out, let me know, because I want to know why I can't keep...
why I can't unlock any more fatalities in that game. I'm just being stupid or something, I don't know.
Well, I've got a couple more. I have, um, this week's UK releases.
Yeah. And I've touched on a few of them. We have, uh, Brat Angels,
Combat Elite, uh, World War II Paratroopers, Driver 3,
uh, uh, uh, Heart of Rome,
um, Heart of Empire, I'm sorry, Rome, Marvel Nemesis, Rize of the Imperfects,
Namco Museum, Battle Collection, Rengoku Tower, Purgatory, Serious Sam 2, Spy Toy, WRC, Rally Evolution, those are all on the 14th.
On 21st, Buzz the Music Quiz, Cold War, Crash Tag Team Racing, Dragon Ball Z, Budokai, Tenkaichi,
Dual Master Shadow of the Code, Fear, Fable, The Lost Chapters, Genji, LA Rush, Pokemon, Emerald,
and as I scroll down to see if there's anything else...
Oh my God, UFO Aftershock X3 Reunion, those are all coming out next week.
Alright, sounds good.
Alright, we're starting to get kind of laid on the show here.
Yes.
I had one last one.
One last one.
Just a quick one.
Alright, make it quick.
The Australian High Court, to our Australian listeners, hello everybody.
PlayStation mod chips are legal, guys.
You can mod the hell out of your PlayStation.
And it's all legal.
The whole thing behind that is it was their decision found that PlayStation chips's functions
were circumvented by modchips to allow unauthorized games to be played are not primarily copy
protection devices.
They really don't give a rat's ass whatever you play on your system as long as it's not
bootlegged.
Well, have fun down under with your modchips.
Import those games.
Have fun.
Just a few quick stories for you guys here.
We're trying to wind down here.
I do want to say one other thing about the PSP.
There's a virus scanner now available for the PSP.
It's called P-Safe-P 1.1.
And I don't know why, this just kind of amuses me because, you know, now that PSP can actually
be online and stuff, that they have to have these virus scan programs and stuff, it's
amusing.
It comes down to the same thing, don't run programs you don't know where they came from.
Wasn't there a big outbreak of some program that was claimed to be the downgrader was
a big virus?
Well, that was another fake downgrader.
Well, you just got to be careful about what you download.
Now Matt, you had another thing for us regarding some games.
Yeah, real quick, they did a PS3 demonstration recently at the CEA Tech 2005 conference in
Japan to show off the cell processor and one of the things that they were demonstrating
could be the possible evolution in the iToy, which is they actually had a demonstration
where the iToy took a picture of the person and recreated a 3D model of their head, just
like completely accurate and they're just saying that this is possible that
later on something like this could be used in the PS3 to actually put you in
the game
I mean that's freaky okay all right well interesting
anything else? That's all I've got
Well you know they've been trying to do that for years they had that thing with the gameplay camera
what was it in perfect dark wasn't it?
yeah but that was that was yeah and they've done it for
That's just facial skinning. They have that for the iToy now.
But boy, that's just like pasting your face, but the 3D modeling and everything, that's crazy stuff.
Yeah, this is a 3D head. I mean, this is not just some stupid mapping.
I don't want to see how fat I look in a video game, okay? I don't need no 3D model.
I don't know what it is, but what just popped into my head is having the model taken and then like, for a new Rayman game, Raymanizing yourself.
That would be fun.
That'd be weird.
I love manipulation like that.
like that.
You know there was this big fan homebrew thing going on, Kings Quest 9, every cloak has a
silver lining, get this, they had all these volunteer people, like they had a 2000 page
script going for it, 9 chapters, 450 characters, original music, original voice acting being
done for this whole thing, and a cease and desist was just laid on him this week by Vivendi
Universal Games, which, you know, acquired Sierra some time ago, which Sierra made the
King's Quest games.
So this mat got put down on this, which is too bad, because King's Quest is kind of one
of those games where I kind of, I'm always like, I wonder what ever happened to King's
Quest, you know, I knew that there was like that eighth game that didn't really register
on the radar too much, but then King's Quest kind of disappeared, so I would have been
excited to see something like this, a continuation of the story, and what a fan community!
Honestly, what a community to be getting that many people involved in a project like that.
That's great.
But unfortunately, I guess when you get that many people involved, you start to draw attention
to yourself.
So that's too bad, I guess.
Maybe they'll release it as like, Queen's Trip.
There's an idea.
Queen's Journey, Part 9.
Peasants Quest.
Yeah, yeah.
Curse you, Choctaw!
Or, you know, maybe they could work out a deal where maybe Vivendi Universal could just
distribute this game and, you know, make some money, download it free off of their website.
Seriously, I mean, come on, some people still love King's Quest.
All right, last story, you guys, ready?
This is a brand new game coming out, I don't know how else to say this, Care Bears Catch
a Star is now coming out for the PC and Macintosh.
Of course, this is coming out right before the Care Bears Big Wish movie, which is coming
out on DVD October 8th, or I'm sorry, that actually would have already come out here.
So that is the Care Bears of the 80s, brand new game.
Although they haven't changed how they look like they did with Strawberry Shortcake.
My big wish is that they would just stay in the 80s.
You need the Care Bears stare, don't you?
Loki just needs a Care Bears stare.
I just don't care at all.
I still remember the Care Bears and Wonderland movie, and that was awesome.
Hey, it's only 20 bucks! Can't argue with that?
Ooh! That's the end of the show. Final thoughts, Loki?
I hate the Care Bears. Final thoughts, Dark Sakura?
Reject Pause Icons and Itchy,
Tasty. My final thought is, somebody's got a case of the Mondays.
Alright, thank you guys so much. If they really take my stapler, I'm going to set the
building on fire. Thank you guys so much for downloading and listening to us. We
appreciate your support. Support independent podcasting and, you know, just
thank you for taking time to listen to us. What else can I say? You guys are
great. Remember, Monday is National Orange
Lounge Radio Day. It is? I choose, really, Columbus Day. Oh, okay. All right. If you work for a bank, you've
gotten the day off. Lucky you. Use it well. Listen to us all day long. All right, have a
good one, guys. We'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio To Go.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition. This podcast is a
a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update!
