Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of October 31st, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
Hello out there to everybody who's downloading us and checking out the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
our podcast dedicated to video games and gaming and news that doesn't suck about
these so-called video games we are here every week for your listening pleasure
happy Halloween to you guys those you guys are downloading this on Monday the
day it comes out if you're downloading this later in the week I hope you had a
good Halloween my name is Rob Roberts you might know me as sky not joining us
tonight is dark Sakura Jamie summer she planned on being here she had a last
minute thing she had to go take care of so unfortunately she wasn't able to be here for
the recording.
That's two weeks in a row now though, we're counting.
Shame shame.
Shame shame.
No, she says hi and she'll be back next week I'm sure.
However, we do have as always the one and only Tech Masoloki.
Yep.
I'm here.
How you doing?
Good.
Good.
Good to hear.
All right.
Well, let's just get into it.
Let's talk about the games we've been playing this week.
That's usually how we like to start off the show by letting you guys know what's going
on in our gaming world.
And I noticed some of the posts on the forums say, damn, you guys like to play a lot of
games or you guys really seem to play a lot of games.
How is it that we're able to play so many games, Logie?
What do you think?
I don't think I play that many games, honestly, but...
I don't.
I mean, I play like one game a week usually, and usually you'll notice, like for example,
burnout.
I'll play it in a month at a time and then I'll get snippets of games I'll play for like
an hour or something just to try them out, that type of thing.
And of course, you know, things are kind of going the same pattern now.
It's going to get a little crazy in a couple weeks when the 360 comes out because I've
got four games on order, so that'll be a little interesting.
I don't know how I do, I just, there's so much coming out right now that there's just,
I seem to be buying at least one new game a week, and that's buying, kids, I don't get
a lot of this stuff for free.
I did get one free game thanks to Loki this week, but we don't really get the hookup or
anything, so we actually buy these games, so.
I do a lot of games for free, but I don't play them, to be honest.
Well, I just got Castlevania DS. I want to play that because that looks good. And I got
some more Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme 2. But they had Wallace and Gromit, Curse of
the Were-Rabbit, and I was like, eh, no. I'm not going to play that game.
Usually games based on movies aren't all that great, although there's some good ones.
I don't know. I can bring one in and give it away or something, I don't know.
Yeah, listeners will like that.
So I don't get a chance to... I picked up a couple games. I picked up Grand Theft Auto
Liberty City Stories, and I played it for like five minutes, and usually Grand Theft
Auto I'm just like getting right into it, and it's like, oh man, you know, I have to
play this game, but it seems like I've, this game feels like I've played it before, it
just seems like Grand Theft Auto 3 all over again, there's nothing really pulling me in
other than, ooh I want to try out the multiplayer, but that's it, I think I'm going to put this
game down in about like a day, and, well I was just about to ask you how your gaming
week was, but I suppose that's a big part of it there, is the Liberty City.
I'm just saying, you know, I've picked up other stuff, but yeah, it's just, it's really
not keeping my attention.
It's a good game, I'm assuming, because once you get into the storyline, the problem comes
down to, I just don't have enough time to play this stuff.
I really don't, and I don't have enough time to dedicate to Grand Theft Auto Liberty City
Stories because that's a game that requires a lot of time.
Same with San Andreas, I didn't even finish that game, I just didn't have enough time
to dedicate to it.
I got bored with it after a while.
in a while there's a great game though where you make time for it. Yeah, exactly. And that
great game is the Warriors. I love that game. So that's what you've been playing instead.
I've been playing the Warriors this week and I have to say Rockstar has really, you know,
they really did a really good job translating the movie into a game and it's really surprising
because I think this game itself, for people that don't know what the Warriors are, it's
It's a good game, but it's also a game that will make you want to see the movie.
Also if you've seen the movie, it's a game that you'll want to play.
After seeing and playing this game, I'm like, damn, I've got to watch this movie.
It's win-win I think.
A really solid game, they've really put the polish into it like they've done with Grand
Theft Auto where they have mini stuff that's in the game and just really fun stuff.
One of the things I like most about it is this kind of rumble mode type thing where
you go in and do quick fights.
you go through the game you unlock more fights so it starts off with one on one and then
War Party which is five on five and then I just unlocked one that's called Arming which
is nine on nine and it keeps going on with that you unlock more arenas that you can fight
in and unlock more gangs and stuff and overall the game is really fun you can pick up objects
and stuff like I was mugging a guy and I threw a trash can at his head or threw a police
officer through a window. I mean, it's just really fun.
Alright, cool. Yeah.
Fun's what it's all about. Is that it?
That's all I've been playing. I still haven't gotten a chance to play Shadow of Colossus
yet. It's on, like, the list.
I've been dying to check out that game because our forums have been very active about this
game and lit up, and I've heard a lot of great things about it, so I'm hoping that that can
be on my list for next week, but we'll see. It's going to be a busy November.
Well we have Battlefront 2 coming out this week, actually tomorrow, or no I should say
the first, so there's a lot of stuff and that's going to be a really awesome game.
My gaming week, I played a couple games this week, I actually played three games, I'm going
to review two of them for you. The one I did not play so much of this week, I bought this
but I haven't really sat down to any extent with this, and that's the Taito collection
that's come out recently with the bubble bobble and Rainbow Islands and elevator
action and Rastan and all these old kicks and all these old old games that
were put out by Taito and of course Space Invaders is on there too so I'm
going to review that on next week's show because I didn't get to play it enough
this week because I was too busy with other games one of them being Soul
Calibur 3. Soul Calibur 3 I picked up this week on a whim. Soul Calibur 3 is
pretty hot I gotta say at first at first my reaction to Soul Calibur 3 was this
is really more like Soul Calibur 2.5 it doesn't really feel like that radically
different from Soul Calibur 2 at first glance because you really just have
pretty much the same characters and different clothing I mean granted there's
small changes here and there you pretty much have the same characters and
different outfits and then you know the three new ones but the game does start
to go really a lot deeper than that and the game has these really interesting
modes in them of course you have your challenge mode I don't remember the
official soul battle or something where you just you do these different types
like death match or coin collecting these weird modes but I gotta say this
one mode that really I thought was just so fascinating was the chronicles of the
sword mode which is this mode that suddenly soul caliber turns into this
tactical game where you're moving your characters around trying to capture
castles and when you get into battles you can actually zoom to the battle and
actually have a real Soul Calibur style match.
Which I thought was a very interesting addition to the game.
And you kinda consider that Soul Calibur's
kinda been going outside the box for a little while now
because they had that mode in Soul Calibur 2
and then the conquest mode in the arcades.
It was really cool.
I'm trying to make it much more than just a fighting game
and I think that's really great.
Now if you are not a fan of fighting games,
is Soul Calibur 3 gonna have anything new to win you over?
Probably not.
I don't think if you're a fighting games person, Soul Calibur 3 is going to have anything really
for you.
And I think if you're not a fan of the Soul Calibur series to begin with, 3 is not going
to have anything that new that's going to bowl you over.
I mean, there's some great new modes and some new things and stuff, but I just don't think
if you are into fighting games you're going to find anything great here.
Have you played with the create a character mode?
Yes, now that was the other thing.
The create a character mode is hilarious.
Hilarious now basically create a character mode
I think is a little you don't get to create as much as you think you basically pick from one of a few
Types like you can be a ninja or an assassin or a dancer now
I have a I have a create your own character dancer who uses tambourines for a weapon
But see you don't really get to pick with the wet, you know
You don't get to pick the type of weapon, but then you design the outfits
So it's more like you're playing Barbie
So caliber Barbie style where you're choosing the different outfits and the color for the outfits
But you can still do an awful lot with that and it's kind of cool
And it makes you know, you laugh because you know, we made this one character that doesn't wear pants, but he wears a giant pope hat
Style thing and he's a ninja then it's really funny and we gave him like the old man
Yes, he's a pantsless pope ninja and he's awesome. So, you know, you can have fun with it. And it's it's it's a it's a cute idea
of course I miss having cool characters like link and spawn but you know that's
the creative character thing more than makes up for it it's a pretty funny mode
and it leaves a lot to achieve in the game because there's a lot of stuff to
unlock a lot of outfits and you unlock stuff fast in this game too probably
within the first 15 minutes of me playing Soulcalibur 3 I had three
characters three new characters unlocked so I think it's kind of neat so I do
recommend Soulcalibur 3 I think it's a very solid great game honestly if you're
a fan of Soul Calibur you probably already have this game and if you don't
already have it you need to go get it because if you remotely enjoyed the
previous Soul Calibur games especially Soul Calibur 2 you will enjoy Soul
Calibur 3. I'm just a little upset that they didn't put it in the arcades I
think it would have been a great arcade game but maybe because all the new stuff
is very centered around the single-player mode I think if you take
just the versus mode without create a character there's really not a whole lot
different from Soul Calibur 2 save three new characters and some backgrounds so I
I think it is something that and now and now having played it on the console
I think this is something that they really you know, there would be no point pointing it to the arcade
But I don't know. I just I'm just a little disappointed to see that it didn't continue in the arcade
the other game I checked out this week was midday Midway arcade treasures part 3 for the
Xbox was the system I played it on
um eight racing games including stun runner hydro thunder off-road uh off-road thunder that's what
i'm thinking of and then like iron man's off-road but they took iron man out and now it's just some
regular guy because i guess licensing ran up or whatever um the reason why i was so drawn to this
game and i was so excited to play this game was for iron man off-road because i have very fond
memories of dumping a shitload of quarters into a pizzeria arcade machine
and just playing this game over and over again and they even have the track pack
one which I think is awesome so I was I was loving it it's cool it's a retro
trip I mean you kind of know how you feel about those retro collections if
you kind of find them a waste of money then you're probably not going to get
anything new out of this I was a little disappointed at first it's nothing but
the racing games but when you consider the Midways kind of already packaged all
their other stuff, and put it in Treasures 1 and 2, which were both very solid collections.
This collections, you know, they made pretty good use out of what they got left.
Now, I was a little disappointed though, because Hydro Thunder and Off-Road Thunder do not
appear to be arcade ports, or if they are, they sure don't play like them, they feel
very console-ish, I think they're ports of the console versions, I don't think they're
ports of the arcade, which was a little bit disappointing, and I don't know if maybe the
hardware can handle it, but...
Well, it should be able to. I remember the hardware versions. I used to love Off-Road Thunder.
That was my game to play at, like, Cuzar and stuff.
And it looked amazing. It looked pretty good. But yeah, I can imagine.
I don't think they're straight arcade ports. Or if they are, they tweaked them so they don't really feel like the arcade.
So I was a little sad at that, but it's still a pretty solid buy for $20.
if you like racing games you're gonna love this otherwise and it's in that
same great interface that they have part two in and I think they went back and
updated part one with but part two's got a great interface and three just kind of
continues that if it's not broke don't fix it Xbox Live aware and all that good
stuff if you're on Xbox so I I would I kind of borderline recommend it I think
that treasures 2 and treasures 1 are more must-haves than treasures 3 but if
If you like these old retro collections, you definitely want to pick up Treasures 3.
It's a good buy for 20 bucks, you can't go wrong.
So I give it kind of, if you're a retro fan, I recommend it.
If you're not so much a retro fan, I can only really give it a borderline recommendation
because it's just, it's a very focused genre and it kind of gets old, I think, if you're
not into it.
So, all right, so those are two games and then next week I'll talk about Taito.
Let's get into some gaming news, shall we?
Shall we?
We'll talk about some news going on.
Florida is going to follow the footsteps of California, supposedly, because a violent
video game bill has been proposed in Florida now.
However, there's a little bit of a difference there.
Florida's proposal also includes violent arcade games and shop-selling arcade machines, and
not just the retail over-the-counter ones, which I think is very interesting.
Ehhhh, that's retarded.
Well, how so?
I mean, I can't sell this violent arcade game to a minor.
Is that what it's gonna be?
I know, I guess, but what do you do about little kids walking into an arcade?
I mean, I don't think the bill is really set to cover that, but, I mean, Mortal Kombat,
I saw it like, you know, 15 and it was awesome.
It's not that violent, I mean, I don't know, it's...
You remember the big stink they raised about Mortal Kombat though.
Yeah, and I never got it then, I didn't get it now, so, I mean, it's just retarded.
just thought we'd let you know it teaches people how to rip spines off of
people I don't think which reminds me I have a message for Jack Thompson if he's
listening which he probably is not but you know this whole debacle going around
with Jack Thompson and even this week the Seattle Police basically said you
know what this is more of a civil issue we're not gonna really go here which it
really isn't a big surprise but I have a message for Jack Thompson I'm seriously
go see Saw 2 and and focus your energies on things like that because that's
that's real violent that kind of stuff video games are cartoons compared to
that movie I want to see that movie I all kidding aside I mean obviously the
issue is you know movies are rated R and and you you're warned about it and maybe
he feels that video games aren't so well rated although I seem to recall ratings
on the bottom of every video game but seriously the movies the movies can be
way worse you guys that's my opinion Liberty City Stories of course look you
brought that up earlier in the show and you know that the custom soundtrack
option is is usually locked out like you can't really get to it in the game
however Rockstar Games is now offering for download a Rockstar custom tracks
program that will allow you to rip tracks off commercial music CDs and put
them into your custom soundtracks for Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories.
The interesting thing about this, though, is that it won't recognize stuff you bought
off iTunes, which kind of sucks, and it will not rip music from CD-Rs.
Yes, it will.
Well, they say that you can't rip music from CD-Rs.
They say that you can't, but you can.
people do is they either, like for example, if you have iTunes, burn a CD and you can
either do it that way and burn a CD and then rip it that way. Or if you have other tracks
that won't rip for whatever reason, you use your CD burning software to create a disc
image and you open that image in a program like Daemon Tools that creates a virtual CD
ROM and you can do it that way. Wow. That's a long way to go about doing it. And the thing
about the custom tracks though it's not like its own radio station like in the PC version
or something. You actually it will play like a CD player so instead of switching stations
you're switching tracks. So it's not like you know you get in a car and you can have
your own custom station which kind of sucks but I don't know. Interesting. Well Blizzcon
was going on this past weekend and if you went to Blizzcon I didn't because I didn't
really get into the Warcraft thing until just a couple weeks ago. I'm not in the Warcraft
Well, I mean, it's not that I hadn't played Diablo II and Warcraft II.
I never really did get into StarCraft, though.
I don't know.
I somehow just completely missed the boat on that one.
But as far as Warcraft II goes, I just sucked at it.
I sucked at it.
And Diablo, I played for a little while and then kind of gave up on.
So I'm just now kind of going back to the Blizzard stuff.
Of course, BlizzCon, very well attended.
Lots of people there.
Lots of stories from BlizzCon.
And they are saying that they are going to be testing a new game, and if you use the
I guess number on the back of your Blizzcon pass, you can go to a website and sign up
to beta test a new game.
But they won't say what the game is.
Is it a new Diablo game?
Is it a WoW expansion or something?
Or is it possibly Starcraft Ghost, although I think that's already on its way.
So I don't know.
So we don't know what it's going to be.
But I imagine all those Blizzard fanboys and girls will be signing up in droves.
Anyway, also speaking of World of Warcraft, we definitely, definitely have to mention
the Burning Crusade, the new expansion that was mentioned this week for World of Warcraft.
They're going to be upping the level cap to 70.
Two brand new playable races, Blood Elves on the Horde side.
And although they won't say what it is on the Alliance side, we're hearing buzz that
it's pandarens but take that with a grain of salt but blood elves is the
for sure one some new starting zones and you can go through the dark portal which
is a reference to the Warcraft 2 expansions new flying mounts you know
like instead of riding a horse I guess they fly now and tons of new quests and
tons of new items and jewel crafting a new profession because you're gonna have
socketed items now which is kind of something borrowed from Diablo but if
think about it, World of Warcraft pretty much plays like a Diablo game anyway, so that's
not too big of a surprise.
So I'm sure a lot of you folks that are into Warcraft are very excited about that expansion.
I would be too.
So I'm definitely going to pick this up.
It'll be exciting.
Yeah.
Alright, Loki, you got something for us?
Yeah.
Well, first thing I'm looking at is screenshots from the Matrix Path of Neo, which is coming
out in a couple weeks, and that looks damn sexy.
You know, a lot of people panned the previous game, Enter the Matrix, I didn't think it
was that bad.
I thought it was a really neat idea, how they really made it a continuation of the movies,
and even if the movies 2 and 3 sucked, it was a neat continuation idea, like it really
fused the whole movies and games thing.
I got to give them a lot of credit for that, and the game itself was not that bad.
It wasn't bad at all.
I thought it was kind of neat.
It was fun, it was tough.
This one looks really bad ass and the graphics really stepped it up a bit, but anyways, that's
not what I had.
The first thing I wanted to mention actually, there's been a whole lot of, you know, especially
with the upcoming systems now, a whole bunch of speculation on dates and stuff.
One of the things that was reported this week is that it's been confirmed by a couple places
is that the release for the revolution is going to be June 2006, which ties in both
it's the beginning of the new financial year for Nintendo, and it's also been confirmed
by some other hardware sources, people are doing the chip manufacturing and stuff.
So that would be interesting, but the price point, though, is kind of up in the air.
But that doesn't mean that EB Games can't put a pre-order thing on their site.
So I believe the price point is, right now they have Zelda Revolution, which is not even
confirmed to be an actual game that's even in existence.
Even if it was in existence, they're not going to release it two months after...
Oh my gosh, I'm so embarrassed, I can't remember the name of the new Zelda game all of a sudden.
You mean Twilight Princess?
Yes, Twilight Princess, oh my god.
I just lost major nerd points there.
They're not going to release it two months after Twilight Princess.
I'll put it this way, okay?
First off, there is no Zelda Revolution, at least not anything that's coming out next
year at all.
What it's going to be is it's going to be just Zelda Twilight Princess with Revolution
support.
They're going to have added support added into the game, so if you have Revolution you
can do funky stuff and stuff.
Right, I like the old Game Boy, Oracle of Seasons and stuff, that sort of thing.
Yeah, stuff like that.
But, what you can do is you can actually pre-order some stuff with your Revolution in a bundle.
Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, Mario Revolution, Metroid Prime 3, Super Smash Bros. Revolution,
and you can reserve those for $240.
Which is interesting seeing as none of those games are even confirmed to exist.
I know, that's kind of weird.
They're just trying to get people to agree with it.
That's like saying, ah, I want to pre-order Grand Theft Auto 5.
But the other thing, which was very interesting, is the PlayStation 3.
And there's been a lot of, you know, when's this thing coming out 2?
And now there's a rumor going around that's saying that it's not going to be until 2007,
and because they had some...
No, they wouldn't.
That would be crazy.
2007 do the hardware failures because apparently the system
you know all a normal PlayStation 2 and
PlayStation they get a little hot
Wow
That would really stink if they push that back to 2007. That would be oh, but of course
This is you know a friend of you know, I heard it from somebody who for some way out and that's that's crap then so
yeah it's very interesting stuff though
I'm glad you have some news about the
other consoles because a lot of people
are still like OMG Xbox 360 so it's nice
to see what the other guys are up to
right now because I'll tell you what if
that room somebody brought this up on
our three-hour program this week where
they're saying that you're not going to
be able to get a plus package the
$400 one unless you pre-ordered it if
that turns out to be true I'm gonna be
so mad. Most of them were made so mad. Most of
of the boxes going out were the Xbox 360 system,
not the core system, and so they didn't really make
that many to begin with, and I don't think that they're,
it's all based on pre-orders, so these stores,
you know, if they ordered that many core systems
to come in, then that's what they're getting,
but it's not gonna be like, we wanted to bring in
some systems, here's some core systems instead,
because, you know, that'd be like,
that'd be like going to your store, you know,
and oh, I'm gonna be selling a bunch of Pentium 4 PCs,
Oh, sorry, we sent you Pentium 3 PCs, you know, deal.
So that's not gonna happen.
You know how I feel about pre-ordering
and I have this really hard idea
believing that they would put off major retailers
like Toys R Us and Best Buy
by shafting them with just the $300.
Best Buy is only getting about 50 per store.
That is it.
So you're gonna have some major trouble finding one
launch day.
I really am saying it's gonna be short-handed
and as it is, eBay, they're already up to $480 to $600
for guaranteed getting them on launch day, free books, so.
Crazy.
Crazy.
I'm gonna be pissed if that happens.
Watch me, I will rant on this program.
Anyway.
I better get mine.
It's paid for completely, so.
All right, moving on.
Let's go to the mailbox because I went ahead
open up the mailbox this week. I know this is usually DarkSakura's task, but she gave
me permission to open up the mailbox this week. Read some emails sent at togo at orangelaunchradio.com
is our mailbox. So let's open up the mailbag and see what's going on. We have an email
from Dallas, who actually lives in Salt Lake City, and Dallas wrote us to tell us that
they were listening to the last podcast, and we mentioned about the congressional bill
about how all TVs must be digital, or TV stations need to be broadcast only in digital by 2008.
Digital is not the same as HD, is what Dallas wants to clarify.
So all TVs by 2008 need to be able to receive a digital signal.
It doesn't mean the TVs need to receive an HD signal, which is completely different.
And basically, any TV can receive a digital signal with a converter from Radio Shack.
And if you already get digital cable or satellite, then you're already set.
In fact, all current game consoles are digital, so all next-gen consoles will be digital as
well.
But it seems only the 360 and PS3 will have HD capabilities.
HD is a completely different monster.
I used to have this misperception with digital and HD was the same thing, and I think many
people have the same misperception.
Hope that clarifies things.
I thought they were broadcasting HD, I thought everything was going HD.
I was under that misimpression too, that I thought it wasn't so much that I misunderstood
that there was a difference between digital and HD.
I thought that the bill was telling them they'd have to do HD.
I thought it was supposed to be HD because everything is going into that format now.
It's going to be all widescreen.
It's what everything is going into.
That's why, because older TVs can't support that, but hey, more power to you if it's just
digital.
Honestly, if you're going to go to the next step with your TV any time in the next few
years, you ought to just get an HD anyway, because they're getting more and more affordable.
I've mentioned to a few of my friends, I'm modifying my cabinet, my MAME cabinet at home
to support HD, in other words I'm ripping the top off of it so I can put a widescreen
TV in there.
Awesome.
Yeah.
Good luck with that.
Alright, let's go to another email.
This is from one of our serial emailers, Rob, but we like him, he always has a lot of good
stuff to say.
He wants to give us a useless bit of trivia for the game Grip Shift.
actually an easter egg if you watch the credits of grip shift all the way
through you get a recipe at the end that's kind of cool what's the recipe
for it didn't say in the email but I think it's on our forums so go check out
the forums all right and last up we got an email from Polly and this actually
relates to something that's going on in the news right now I did the ultra mix
three and extreme two and karaoke revolution tour the DDR and karaoke
revolution tour that's going on in some of the malls poly wrote us because he
wants to say that he actually went and I want to describe the setup a little bit
it was a small stage set up with DDR extreme to set up southwest of the stage
and Ultramix 3 set up south southeast unfortunately they didn't have
metal pads just the official sticky pads ex2 and the Ultramix 3 have a bunch of
Although Xtreme 2 seems to stick to the DDR feel and UltraMix 3 seems to have a bigger variety to me,
both seem like good games to get for DDR Bamani fans.
The stage itself had a single softpad and kiosk for Karaoke Revolution,
where you could choose to sing a song solo, duet, or sing and dance.
The list of songs to sing was alright, I think. Wish there were more.
After singing on stage, you got the promised CD recording of yourself and a Karaoke Revolution t-shirt,
but the guy said, um, set it up weird so the recording turned up really awful, he said.
said. Other free things that he got included the Xtreme 2 and UltraMix 3 v-rare samplers
and the DDR t-shirt. The t-shirts are white and ash, white for DDR, ash for Karaoke Revolution,
and have the logos on the front. Very interesting. Also says at the end here, but for the lucky
people in Illinois, Massachusetts, and New Jersey areas where this tour is going next,
I say go to this event for some free DDR stuff, a chance to win $5,000 and to help those no
energy workers promote balani games sounds like fun so check that out if you happen to
live in massachusetts illinois or new jersey the tour is on its way to you so go check
it out if you're into the music games which we are here at orange lounge radio that's
going to do it for the mailbox tonight togo at orange lounge radio dot com is the email
address if you ever want to send us any feedback comments or questions on the show also check
out the OLR PSP.com site which has added a brand new way to communicate with us via the
shout line.
Shout out!
It's a shout line and a wonderful shout box that I worked so very hard on and it's there
for fun.
Post your thoughts, your feelings, or just play with it.
Have fun.
But don't spam it or we'll kill you.
That's alright.
We can ban you.
Alright, we'll ban you.
We'll ban you.
We'll ban you.
Just like we're the moderators of Ragnarok Online.
Anyway, check that out and OLRPSP.com again is really meant for your PSP.
I mean, you can bring it up in Internet Explorer or Firefox, but it's just not as cool.
Trust me, bring it up on your PSP.
It's awesome looking.
So you know the big tour that's going around the country or, well, I'm going to be using
past tense terms pretty soon, Video Games Live, the one that was being co-produced by
Tommy Tallarico G4 TV personality and composer of music for certain games it
got cancelled the whole damn thing got cancelled except for well they do you
know a couple show they did they ended up doing the shows and I think Spokane
and Vancouver but they cancelled all the rest or at least you know they say well
they kind of may be postponing them to 2006 but bottom story long story short
you got to go back get your tickets refunded and guess what that ticket
master handling fee non-refundable you got screwed out of 450 yeah I I think
this is really weird though because I seem to remember that they made this big
hubble ooh about postponing the dates and I bet if we went in the older
podcast we find where we were talking about this even where they were adding
more dates because of demand and now they're saying they're canceling them
because they thought more people would be supportive of the concept and there
just wasn't enough interest generated in these shows I think they really
underestimated how much people hate Tommy Tarlet you're mean but I I was
turned off by the fact they said they were gonna play music from like pong and
Donkey Kong and I'm sitting here going what I mean it's no music in pong I it
was supposed to be inspired by pong or so that's crap yeah that's a bunch of
maybe maybe I'm maybe I'm just reading rumors or something I don't want to get
like quoted or nasty emails and stuff but seriously they were talking about
playing music from these old old old 80s games that had no music I know that like
Donkey Kong or something was on there and I'm just thinking what now some of
the other stuff might have been cool like Metal Gear Solid and stuff but I
bet Squeenix is pointing and laughing going dear friends was a big success
more friends plagued with sound problems and got panned by the video game
community because we didn't know how to put on a show at the Hollywood
empathy or wherever the hell that thing was we went to universal thing but
at least that place was sold out
with their exploding sound board
yeah you know it was so cool because they'd have like the one wing angel and
out come the black mages you know doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
and then
like this random wood thing falling
that was awful you know we like to talk about video games and movie
and vice versa. Clock Tower 3 is going to have a film made out of it. Script writer
Todd Farmer, who by the way wrote Jason X a few years ago, oh wow, has been approached
by the Mayhem Project to helm an adaptation of Clock Tower 3.
I have full faith in him now. Jason X was awesome. No granted though, if anyone's going
to pull off a Jason in space movie, it would be him I guess.
Dewey Ball is going to split the Dungeon Siege movie, Kill Bill style.
Very interesting.
This movie is going to be like four hours long, so they're splitting it into two parts.
You want to know how long originally this movie is supposed to be?
He said that it was basically the original script, and the script that he apparently
is going by right now is 485 pages long.
So...
Hold on.
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Lord of the Rings ripoff!
Okay, 485 pages long, and you know in scriptwriting, each page is supposed to be about an 8 hour
long movie.
Oh my God.
So I guess the first part is going to be called In the Name of the King, and it will be out
November 3rd, 2006, but then the conclusion will be out December 1st, 2006, but it's going
to be like one month in between.
I'm willing to give it a chance, but I'm kind of like, is this only getting made because
of Lord of the Rings?
Is it going to be a subpar clone?
Was it BloodRayne?
The reviews before have been horrible.
Horrible.
Alright, let's talk about something cool.
Let's talk about Starship Troopers.
Now that was a cool movie.
Well Starship Troopers is being, I think it was a cool movie.
It was okay.
It was cheesy, but it was good.
It's being turned into a PC game.
You're not supposed to be turned into a PC game like a long-ass.
Well, it's finally happening.
It's coming out in, it went in gold, and it's coming out here in November.
In 2000, I guess in 2000 they had a first Starship Troopers base game,
but this is a new one that is basically doing a first-person perspective type thing.
Interesting.
Caspar Van Diem, by the way, who is in the film, will be doing voiceover commentary in the game.
Because he doesn't get any work.
that's right any other news for us Loki oh let me see yeah um yeah I know of
course there's stuff the first being stuff for the PSP of course the big
thing that everybody's been you know up in arms about is the brand new actually
well for example SOCOM they have voice chat in it so now they are going to be
offering pretty soon a headset for chatting via the game over the internet just like you
would with anybody else playing SOCOM on your PS2 or what not.
So that's going to be coming out pretty soon which is kind of cool.
The other thing was they were talking a little bit on the Resident Evil DS stuff which looks
really weird. I'm always kind of concerned with the quirky gameplay of the DS with Resident
Evil. I'm just not seeing it.
Resident Evil Deadly Silence. Damn you people and your DS. God, every freaking franchise
that's gone over to DS had to be like Drill Spirits or Dawn of Sorrow. It's like, God,
We get it, it's a DS game.
It's coming out, by the way, in mid-January in Japan, but I'm sure we'll get it here.
Of course.
Of course, touch screens, features, and controls and stuff.
You know it's actually a remake of the original Resident Evil, but they just, you know, they
changed a whole bunch.
How many times have they remade the original Resident Evil now?
Too many.
What about the great voice acting?
when I end up in a Jill's sandwich.
I don't think that'd be so bad.
Anyways, really the other big thing that was coming out actually is the add-on for Half
Life 2, Lost Coast, and it's actually available now via Steam, which is definitely the way
you can download it.
It supposedly has some graphical updates to it, new volumetric lighting, and just overall
you know half-life 2 sexy so that's all you really need to know the other big
the other big thing actually if games coming out would be thq's lineup for the
360 and everybody's like you know looking forward to Saints Row which is
supposed to be the Grand Theft Auto or one of the Grand Theft Auto games now
for the 360 oh yeah another one yeah too bad you know what I think you'll see
this game about the same time you'll see a PlayStation 3 and that would be in
two thousand seven so i keep on waiting
uh... and also the other game the outfit uh... won't be seen till two thousand
six but i could've told you that
why am i getting so upset about not being able to get an xbox three sixty on
launch day because there's gonna be no freaking games at home. All your launch titles are
coming out in november
uh... you're not going to be seeing anything new until
january and so far everything that's been announced for january
the godfather
which is uh... one of the games is coming out and i believe uh... there's
another game that was pushed back to that date
of nba uh...
or college hoops two thousand six the uh...
elder scrolls
elder scrolls is in december the first week of december so we do get a december game
it's going to be awesome but um...
you know it's really sad that uh... this is everything that's come out it's going
to be you know ds psp syndrome you know where
the system launches with a ton of tiles and then you're like, okay, wow, all those games
are cool.
What do you got for me next?
We got nothing.
Maybe, now I'm starting to reconsider if I really need to buy into this hype on the launch.
Buy Second Wave is coming out first, second week in January.
That's when you can get your 360.
We'll see.
I'll think about it.
I'll think about it.
News on Final Fantasy 3DS, of course, from MeToo Magazine, which always seems to get
a lot of great news on the games first.
Basically what happened is that they were kind of talking about why the game took so
long to be redone and what it is is that, well it used to be, it was first a Famicom
game and it was only developed by a really small team of people.
However, Final Fantasy 3 used some complicated programming techniques that really couldn't
be ported to a handheld gaming machine until now.
So what they did is since it went so long without an upgrade, they decided to do some
graphical upgrades for Final Fantasy 3.
Not to be confused you guys with the American Final Fantasy 3 which was actually Final Fantasy
Okay, they're gonna remake the Japanese Final Fantasy 3 and call it Final Fantasy 3 on the
DS.
It's gonna have sort of 3D graphics.
It's gonna be like virtual 3D graphics, so you can't really like rotate the maps on demand
or anything, but you can still like zoom in and out and stuff, and they're gonna redo
the characters and some of the technology and they will incorporate a little bit of
touch screen into it.
Think 3D as in Final Fantasy 7.
also in the original Nintendo one the four main characters really didn't have
any personalities but in the DS remake they are going to get some new
personalities that are going to impact the storyline so it's basically going to
be this whole new game it sounds like so should be fun awesome I'm definitely
gonna pick that up also I gotta say it's one more they there will be wireless
capability
but it's going to be, they won't say how, but it's going to use the wireless
capability for some sort of bonus
interesting
couple last news stories for you guys tonight
unless you have anything else, Loki? I have stuff, of course. Then finish up
because all I've got left is the funny stuff. Okay, okay, well the first
thing I've got and this is kind of cool
if you're a fan of, you know, playing the old arcade games and you
thinking about getting a MAME cabinet, well think no further. All you have to do now is
go to your local Target. That's right, Target's going to be selling stand-up arcade machines
starting in November. The 62-inch tall arcade cabinets featuring midway games such as Joust,
Rampage, Defender, and Root Beer Tapper will be available under $500. And that's pretty
pretty interesting. You know what, kids? Just spend forty bucks on arcade treasures one
and two. Or spend sixty and get one, two, and three. And just tilt your TV a little
bit and maybe spend another twenty dollars on an arcade style joystick in your set.
And in news that I'd like to classify as no shit, the Zelda 3 game that was available
on eBay, yeah that was fake. Not the real Zelda 3 game. So yeah, that's kind of interesting.
And then finally, I don't know why, but Pac-Man and Pac-Man World 3 is giving his own voice.
Who will be voicing him? But Martin T. Sherman, who had voiced such games as Driver 3, Second
site. Oh wow, what an impressive resume. And TimeSplitters Future Perfect, which by the
way is a very underrated game. But really awesome, and personally I think Pac-Man World
3 is going to suck, but anyways. So why did you say it was really awesome? I don't know.
I was... You were still thinking about TimeSplitters? I was still thinking about it, exactly. Alright,
I have a couple WTF stories for you guys.
Tamagotchi DS, I think we reported on this a few months ago.
We talked about Tamagotchi Corner Store, which was coming out in Japan.
Guess what?
It's coming out in the US.
They are going to bring this game out in the US.
Guess when it's coming out?
This fall.
Like soon, very soon.
So I guess secretly this whole time they're reporting it to the US.
So it is coming out here and they're saying that the original Tamagotchi struck a chord
with kids who wanted a toy that complimented their active lifestyle and these virtual pets
were the perfect answer.
Tamagotchi provides the nurturing play pattern with the electronic component and portability
that allows kids to take the toy with them wherever they go.
This coming from Rain Rice of the Toy Industry Association.
Now what I do think is kind of cool about this is that it is actually being designed
by Nana Oncha, who made Parappa the Rapper.
So I'm not completely laughing at this game just yet, because it's Tamagotchi related,
because you know, Parappa changed, you know, Parappa provided, you could say we would not
have music games today if it weren't for Parappa.
You could say that, I don't know.
Can I mention one more thing here?
Oh sure.
One of the things that I was really pissed off about was the backwards compatibility
with the 360.
And I was like, why is it only supporting 20 games?
That's retarded.
What?
I didn't hear that they finally said it was only going to support 20 games.
Well that's initially what they threw out there about the first week of course, then
each week there's more and more support it.
But one of the reasons they're doing this is like for example games like Halo 2, they're
going to be getting better graphics when they're hitting the 360, I mean graphic enhancements
and whatnot.
So that's kind of something to look forward to, they're actually redoing the graphics
are enhancing them like they should have been, like with the Playstation 2, which was interesting.
A little bit better graphics on the Playstation 2 when you're playing the Playstation 1 games.
So that is how they're going to do it? They're going to release so many games a week for
backwards compatibility? Yeah, basically here's... I still have yet to really hear like a clear
definitive answer. It's going to be, well, what I heard was it's about 20, the numbers
they were throwing out about 15 to 25 of the top titles right now are going to be starting
the first week. Each week there's going to be more titles added to the list of compatibility.
You have to have a system with a hard drive and you have to have an Xbox Live account
I think. Interesting. I'm not sure if it's a Live Gold account because that would be
really cheap of them but I wouldn't put it past them.
last story I have tonight, Gamasutra ran a story earlier this week that talks about several
executives of the company that is producing and distributing the Gizmondo.
Supposedly they are connected to organized crime, the mob, Swedish, so the mob made your
Gizmondo.
Yes, they're connected to the Swedish mob supposedly and all this stuff.
Of course, you know, they use the word alleged and all that stuff, but wouldn't that be interesting
that the Gizmondo was actually funded by the mob.
It doesn't save it from being kind of crappy, which is what all the reviews are saying,
is that the game is crappy, crappy, crappy, or not the game, the system, and all its games
are crappy, crappy.
I have yet to put my hands on it, so I won't, you know, I'll withhold final judgment, but
rumor is this is going to go down in history somewhere next to the end gauge.
Sad.
Finally, this is...
Hey, you already had your final shot!
Alright, fine.
One more.
What do you want?
This is kind of old news because, you know, when people are downloading this, this won't
apply to them anymore, but this weekend was the Nintendogs kind of event going on at GameStop
where you can actually download some new star glasses for your dog, and a special greeting
by Haley Duff.
Oh God!
So yeah, and it's...
I'm glad my dogs are dead.
Well, this is part of the event dubbed the Nintendo's Tricks and Treats Weekend, and
Nintendo and GameStop are donating $50,000 to the American Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals.
Well, if all I get out of it is a crappy message from Hayley Duff, then I'm glad I let my dog
starve for the past three weeks, because I haven't played that game at all.
I haven't fed my dog at all, so I'm done with that game.
Good thing it's not real.
Anyway, final thoughts, we're about done with the show.
Final thoughts, Loki?
I need to play Shadow Colossus this week, for sure.
Me too.
Otherwise, gonna be playing more, more, more warriors.
My final thought is, I need to not feed my dogs,
I need to feed myself right now, because I'm very hungry.
So thanks everybody for downloading us and check us out.
Check out our website, orangeloungeradio.com,
and we also have a live running station
that we have like four live programs on a week so check that out at www.orangeloungeradio.com
there's much more programming presented by Orange Lounge Radio this is our only podcast
so check it out and thank you very much for downloading us and listening have a great
week and we'll see you next time on the Orange Lounge Radio to-go edition that's the end
of another Orange Lounge Radio to-go edition this podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com
See you next update!
