2013's Future of Entertainment is 2000 and dead!
And in a fun coincidence, when I was plugging my Xbox One back in recently, I accidentally
plugged the HDMI cable into the port that is meant for cable or satellite input rather
than TV output.
Imagine my amusement when I figured out and fixed that, the next thing I see is that that
port is no longer functional on my and all other pre-Xbox One S units.
This is just one story, join your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers and Loki for more on
this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now on the show where every
gamer has a voice
Hello my friends out there on the internet, welcome back, it is another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice, Orange Lounge Radio back with you once again here on Pi
Day!
Hurray it's Pi Day, March the 14th of 2021 with episode number 860 of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always say hello to, first off, DarkSakura or Jamie
Sommers.
Greetings.
Hi, how are you doing?
Doing okay, I thought I had massively overslept and then I remembered the thing, so.
Oh yes, that little show that we have on Sundays.
No, no, no.
I thought that I forgot about Daylight Savings and so I thought I had overslept and then
I actually quite literally remembered it 10 minutes ago.
Oh my gosh, okay, yes, yes, Daylight Savings, yeah, that was the thing that happened yesterday
too, yeah, for sure.
Well happy Pi Day, have you been able to celebrate with any Pi despite your nap?
I have Pi waiting for me in the other room, husband went by Sherry's for me to get me
my favorite strawberry rhubarb pie.
Oh, yummy, look, I know I get labeled with the pumpkin thing a lot because, you know,
I do really like the pumpkin flavored things, so of course I like pumpkin pie, but when
it comes to pie, I like a lot of, like, I love lemon meringue pie, I like key lime pie,
I like apple pie, and I like strawberry rhubarb pie.
There's lots of pie, I can't really think of a bad pie come to think of it.
I'm not sure there's a pie I can think of that's really bad.
I'm sure somebody could invent one or something, and don't be like, oh, oh, the pie that, you
know, the lady baked poo into and all that doesn't count, you know what I mean, like
an actual pie, it's something I can order at Marine Calendars.
Yeah, there's something I can order at Marine Calendars, I don't think there's a pie on
that menu I dislike, so there's that.
Anyway.
I like meat pies.
Oh, like a savory pie, I guess.
Exactly.
Our favorite little restaurant does those.
They're pretty good.
Touch of Britain.
Oh, I wasn't thinking of Touch of Britain, I was thinking of Petey Kitchen.
Well, yeah, Petey Kitchen does those, but those are more like a hand pie, and I was
thinking of like, you know, like a steak and kidney pie or, you know, something like that.
I don't know if I'd eat a steak and kidney pie.
Well, there's different kinds.
I like a steak and kidney pie, I think they're delightful, but yeah.
Alright, well, heading over to Techmaster Loki.
Hey, Loki.
Hey.
Would you eat a steak and kidney pie?
Like kidney beans?
No, kidneys.
Kidney, kidney.
Probably more likely than if it was kidney beans, I really like beans.
Sounds a little more manageable.
It's really just a different texture of meat.
Have you had any pie today, Loki, to celebrate?
No, the closest I had was I went to Roundtable and got breadsticks, but they were doing a
special for Pi Day, so they have like pizza pie for like $3.14 or something.
Perfect.
But that's about it.
I have pie in Animal Crossing that has a pie on it.
Do they do a pie event in Animal Crossing?
Yeah, you can get the pie meal.
You should order, Rob, you need to look in tonight to get your pie before it's gone.
I should, you're right.
For pie.
And all the Super Mario stuff.
For pie, I will look in, I will go into Animal Crossing.
And the Super Mario stuff, Rob.
And the Sanrio stuff is going to be, I think, available to start using tomorrow.
That's really cool, too.
Yay.
Awesome.
Well, it gives me reasons to look at Animal Crossing, that's for sure.
So before we get into our kickoff topic, I've had an interesting weekend.
Let me tell you, I've had very high highs and I've had very low lows.
So yesterday I get an email asking if I want to get the COVID vaccine.
And I'm like, fuck yeah, I do.
Like, let's do it.
Let's get to it.
Where?
When?
Which brand?
I don't give a fuck.
Just give me the vaccine.
Let's let's get some sense of normalcy.
So I actually I went and I got that done today.
So I had my first shot today.
And I'm sure people are wondering, how did I get the vaccine here?
I do want to stress this question, especially as we move into that phase of a lot of people
are going to you're going to see start getting the shot because of prior existing medical
conditions and things like that.
I do want to stress that generally this question is none of your fucking business.
And I think that's important when it comes to social media, like how someone got the
vaccine.
Well, HIPAA is kind of overused, I think sometimes because HIPAA really only applies to insurers
and health care entities.
It doesn't apply to the press or people.
Except that the places that you're getting vaccinated can't ask you about how you qualify
due to HIPAA.
I believe.
Yeah, I think going to the pharmacies, they cannot ask you.
Right.
So.
So anyway, but I will happily talk about it because we've had this show on for so long.
Some of our listeners, not a lot, but some of our listeners may remember when this happened.
Do you all remember when I was hospitalized back in 2008 and I was out of the show for
I feel like I was out of the show for almost a month.
It was it was a little bit.
I was in the hospital for a couple of weeks.
Well, I was in the hospital for like four days.
And I remember you're eating nothing but bread, which I don't even think I was supposed to
be having.
But anyway, I ended up having my gallbladder out.
So long story short, I had a condition called pancreatitis.
That's what it put me in the hospital and it was caused by my gallbladder.
So that puts on my medical record that I've had a history of pancreatitis because they
never really know if it's going to come back.
Thankfully, knock on wood, it's never come back.
But my understanding from talking to some friends who are really into science is that
if you get covid and you have pancreatitis at the same time, guess what?
Your mortality rate shoots up to 15 percent.
So I'm pretty sure because that was in my medical record that I'd had that before.
That's why, as California is opening up to people with medical conditions, I was able
to get the vaccine.
So I went today and again, I would encourage if you're eligible for vaccine, get it no
matter which one it is.
I did get Moderna.
I would have happily taken any of them.
But something about getting the Dolly Parton vaccine does feel very correct.
And I'm totally good with that.
But obviously, whichever one they would have offered, I would have happily taken.
And so I'm sure people are wondering, how are you feeling?
I feel fine.
My arm is a little sore.
I would just compare it to a flu shot.
Right now, everything I'm feeling is very similar to the flu shot.
The arm is a little sore.
I feel like a little bit of like, but it's not enough to stop me from doing this show.
I don't know how the second dose is going to go.
I hear that's the one that'll really kick your butt.
But at the end of the day, it's better than actually getting covid.
So there is that.
Now, one other thing I want to say about my weekend.
So yes, the covid vax happened.
I'm thrilled about that, that, you know, I'm starting down that road and hopefully it's
more and more my friends get it.
You know, I'm sure dark soccer, Loki are going to end up getting it in hopefully a matter
of weeks.
Right.
The president said May 1st as a you can schedule your appointment at least by then.
So fingers crossed.
And based on what I saw today, how fast they were moving people through at the state fairgrounds
like I it could happen.
We'll see.
We'll see.
There's lots going to happen over the next few weeks.
But hopefully it puts us on a path back to normalcy where like maybe we can all be in
the same room again and do this show in person like we did for 18 years or however long it
was until this pandemic started.
Pretty much a year ago at this point is when the first will need to tell us.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I know we're going to go back to using our old mics after this one, we'll have to figure
all that out.
So.
So we'll see.
And I also want to acknowledge the chat room because I see they started another hype train
while I was talking about the vaccine.
So thank you guys very much for that.
Over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
You guys are very generous.
I'll read everybody out individually as I usually do at the end of the show after we're
done being live tonight.
But you know, when you guys when you guys really, really go as far as like to start
a train, I kind of have to acknowledge that.
But of course, yes, we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine
o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks network twitch.tv slash vog network right after the
Bobby Black Wolf show.
So my weekend I said it was interesting.
Yes, the covid vaccine part was interesting, but you know what else happened on Saturday?
So I was driving downtown because my plan was to play some Pokemon Go down at Capitol
Park or in that area because I still had a quest I needed to finish and Pokemon Go to
get like forty five steel types to finish that whole thing up.
Well, while I'm driving downtown and I'm going through the downtown streets, I got no car
accident.
Yep.
Somebody hit my car.
Yep.
It was I was in the far left lane and she was in the lane right next to me.
She thought I had to turn it was because, you know, how like downtown is full of one
way streets and, you know, weird.
So she thought it was one of those streets where I had to turn and she wanted to turn.
So she turned right into my car.
I'm fine.
You know, it was thankfully it was low speed.
It was coming out of a stop sign.
My car, my passenger side door, on the other hand, yikes.
So luckily, you know, it's a crappy situation.
But she and thankfully it was kind of one of those things.
She realized she was at fault.
She didn't try to play any funny games.
She was very apologetic.
You know, I'm sorry that this happened.
And, you know, and I'm sorry you are inconvenienced.
But since I was riding this high from I get to get the covid shot tomorrow, I was like,
it's all these things happen.
Don't worry about it.
You know, like I must you didn't get her insurance.
Oh, no, I did.
Oh, no.
We took care of all that.
Yeah.
No.
Her insurance people called me yesterday.
No, no, no.
I just mean like as she was stressing out, I was just like, you know, it's don't stress
out.
It's OK.
You know, I'm fine.
None of us are injured.
That's the important part.
You know, and I'm like, honestly, I was she probably was thinking like, who the fuck is
this guy?
Why is he so nice?
But it's because I got like the best news ever that morning.
It's like if I if you're going to choose a day to hit my car, that was the day to do
it, honestly.
But yes, no, we got it was all good.
Her insurance people called me last night and they were like, yep, we're going to accept
full liability on this.
And they set me up at the car place tomorrow.
It is an inconvenience.
I'm not happy about it, but something about the whole like covid situation, everything
I think puts a lot of things in perspective where I'm like, OK, she made a mistake and
she hit my car like shit happens.
And honest, honestly, with things like that, it's more like it's done.
What can you do?
Yeah, I think it's that, too.
It's like, am I going to scream at her?
What literally what will that accomplish?
What's that going to accomplish?
Like I see I see a girl who's freaked out because she knows she caused this situation.
And you know, you know, when you're the one that causes causes that you're running through
your head.
Oh, my God.
Is this going to be a neck injury thing?
Is this guy going to sue me for everything I have and all this stuff?
You can tell she's going through like all that stress.
Like I can tell just by looking at her.
So her insurance is about to suck.
Well, yeah, that part.
And you know, she had one of those cars with paper plates.
So I know it was probably a new to her car.
So that that sucks, like, you know, but again, like, what is it going to help if I'm just
like screaming at her going, how could you?
My day is ruined.
I am a I am an I'm an inconvenienced middle aged man.
Like it's just like what's well, what's funny?
I was reading a Vice article that's been making the rounds about how people are basically
just being assholes lately.
Oh, yeah.
But a lot of it is having to do to, you know, carrying the stress of the political situation,
the pandemic situation, all of this.
And we're just grumpy in general.
And the fact that you would turn it around and actually try to make somebody else.
I guess, center centered a little bit better, you know, that's a good thing.
We need more people showing just those little acts of kindness every day.
And I want to be clear.
I'm not telling this story to brag about what a good person I am, because I'm going to be
completely honest.
Yeah.
No, no.
I'm going to be completely honest with you.
If I had not been if I had not been writing the high of the vaccine news, I don't think
I would have been rude, but I think there would have been a lot more of that.
You know, I think there would have been a lot more of that, right?
Like, I just don't think I probably wouldn't have been like I probably just would have
been a lot more like quiet.
I think is probably my more nature is just like, all right, what's your insurance mo?
You know, like that whole thing.
So yeah, I'm not telling that story.
If you see, you can all like, you know, gas me up and like, tell me what a great person
I am.
It's not about it.
But it definitely was something about the timing of everything like that, paired with
the great news of the vaccine stuff kind of just put a lot in perspective where it's like,
you know what?
I'm lucky to get this.
I'm unlucky to get this.
The universe works in weird ways.
Yeah, anyway, it is it is a podcast about video games, but I thought that was an interesting
life update y'all might enjoy.
And I did want to encourage you know what?
We have a platform.
It's a tiny platform.
It's like a little plank of wood that it's a it's a literal cardboard box that if somebody
too heavy stands on it, it will collapse.
But we do have a platform.
And if I can use this platform to encourage people, get the vaccine.
It's fine.
It's safe.
It's connected on lots of people.
There are lots of medical journals and medical science behind it.
So if you're like on the fence, like I'm not sure Bill Gates microchip, like, just please
do a little research into it.
And I think you're going to find it's it's fine.
It's fine.
Yes, there will be side effects, but they're they're 10 times better than actually getting
COVID.
I guarantee it.
Well, and now they're actually showing that people are getting long COVID in higher numbers,
which is basically you're over the virus, but you're left with the symptoms.
Right.
Well, Shane got into that a little bit last week.
You weren't you weren't here last week.
Was it last week or two?
I can't even.
It was last week.
What is time?
And he was talking a little bit.
We had him on at the beginning because I think there was Pokemon news or something.
I don't even know anymore.
What is time?
And but I know he was talking a little bit about that because he was wearing a mask on
stream even though he was in his house and it actually for him, it's helping with breathing
and all that.
So, you know, again, if you if you think COVID is fake, like I've literally had somebody
on this show to your way out of ever talking again, just or just like do a little research.
Go look somewhere.
It's not you're doing the research, Rob.
They saw it all on the Internet and it must be true.
Well, that's why I'm saying you need to do your research somewhere else, you know.
And anyway.
Well, even so, last week I was doing Gish.
So to.
All right.
Lizzo on the Grammys.
Bitch, I'm back.
Well, welcome back.
Welcome.
I love her.
It didn't.
But the nice thing is because you had the classic game of the week, we didn't totally
miss you.
You know what I mean?
Like, we still got a little bit of Jamie's.
No, you know, we love you.
We do.
We do.
Yeah.
Some folks in chat talking about Zanderouz and chat over twitch dot TV slash Vogue Network
says most of us already have the microchip anyway.
You got to.
I think the microchip thing has become a bit of a meme.
But I know there are a few people that believe it, but it's crazy to me that they will post
to Facebook about it and tweet about it from their device that literally tracks their location
everywhere they go smart as I hold up my Apple Watch.
It's just it's just ridiculous.
All right.
Look, I promised gaming just because we're talking about microchips doesn't mean we're
in gaming news.
Let's actually talk about what's going on in gaming.
Loki, why don't you start us off with our kickoff topic tonight?
So Bethesda, of course, we know that they're purchasing or I'm sorry, Microsoft's purchasing
Bethesda.
I kind of was wondering where we were on that.
But apparently it was just down to the European Union's basically giving it the OK.
And now that that's been kind of allowed to happen, they've completed their purchase of
Bethesda.
So along with that, we had some more clarifications on things.
So, for example, as we kind of expected that some future Bethesda games will be exclusive
to Xbox and PC.
I mean, after all, you don't pay seven point five billion dollars to just have your games
everywhere.
But I mean, we'll see like what that means.
I think what they were talking about, though, it says with the addition of Bethesda teams,
gamers should know that Xbox consoles, PC and Game Pass will be the best place experience
to do Bethesda games.
Now, I'm wondering if they mean by games pass that they're looking to like, say, hey, look
at these games we have.
You know, you want to put them on your console.
Well, you can offer game pass kind of like how EA has EA play.
So that services on multiple consoles.
Why not game pass?
You know, so that may be something that they're trying to sweeten the pot there with that
to try to entice them to be able to bring it on.
But in the meantime, speaking of game pass, you know, if you are interested in playing
some Bethesda game, they added 20 more on there.
All all of your favorites are in there.
So well, Doom 2016 is missing, just to be clear.
So they're not not all there.
But yes, a good chunk made.
I don't want to poopoo the news because there are like I wasn't expecting Morrowind all
the way from classic Xbox to show up.
So there is some interesting picks that showed up in there.
Or Doom 64.
Who's really like dying to play Doom 64?
Fuck you.
I played it this week.
That was the first one I watched.
Why are you kidding?
Because because it actually looks pretty good.
Like it doesn't look like it because they up rezzed it or something.
They made the modern tweaks to it.
It looks good because you like I because of reasons.
I played it for like five minutes, you know, when I was in college or something and a friend
had Doom 64 and it was one of those I wanted to revisit it and see.
Like in my mind, I was like, was this like the original Doom?
Was it important?
And the nice thing about game pass, Loki, is that I can do that.
I can just like as long as, you know, I have the bandwidth or whatever.
But Doom 64 is a pretty small game.
So I just downloaded it just to be like, huh, I want to see I want to remember what this
is like.
I was and I, I played through the first level I and I enjoyed myself.
I didn't think it was terrible.
But you know, it's just it's in that same era of Doom one and Doom two.
And graphically, those games, you know, they're showing their age, but they're obviously there.
We wouldn't have the games we have today if it weren't for the legacy of those Doom games.
Anyway, sorry, I'm getting off track, but I had to justify to Loki why I was playing
Doom 64.
Fine.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Like it for me, it'd be like, hey, you like I know that Duke Nukem is not a Bethesda game,
but it'd be like, hey, you can play Duke Nukem 3D or you can play Duke Nukem 3D that appeared
on the Nintendo 64.
Not picking the Nintendo 64 version.
I'll take the original, please.
Well, remember the 60 Doom 64 has unique monsters, levels.
It's a different game.
It's not the same as when I guess I get that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So I guess that makes sense.
And who cares?
It's free or free with your right.
Exactly.
It's quote free.
It's free like PlayStation Plus free games and all that.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
All right.
So that's yeah.
It's kind of nice that we have the news that they have officially come together and how
fast that moved.
Like once that EU announcement came in, you know, we had the game pass additions within
probably 72 hours.
But I think it's also interesting that we had that.
I don't know what you'd call it, that interesting live stream.
I wouldn't call it a press event or what it was like a weird fireside chat where they
were talking about, you know, a lot of these things and talking about the exclusive, you
know, kind of confirming that there are going to be some games that will be exclusive to
Xbox and PC.
So what do you guys think about that exclusive side of things?
Do you think that is confirmation of sorts that things like Starfield and Elder Scrolls
6, like don't expect them on PlayStation or what do you think is going to happen with
that?
I think it's don't expect it on PlayStation immediately.
Okay.
I think that they're going to work out some bit of exclusivity because they can and then
open it up to everybody else because they're not going to say, oh, we don't want money.
Yeah.
You know?
Yeah.
And I could see and from my perspective, I could see Elder Scrolls 6 going to PlayStation.
I could see it.
But even if it does, it's not going to be the version that you want.
Like full stop.
Like the best version will be the Microsoft and Windows Store version or PC, whatever
trust that is going to be the version you want, even if it comes in less.
They somehow get it on the switch.
Maybe there's a switch pro or something and you must have handheld, but that's an exception.
I think for most people like the if Elder Scrolls 6 comes out on PlayStation, it's not
really going to matter for most people because the Xbox version will be the one you want.
I'm not so sure it's guaranteed something like Elder Scrolls 6 would come out on PlayStation.
I don't think anybody should really count on that.
I think you need to start setting yourself up mentally that you're going to have to get
an Xbox if you want to play Elder Scrolls 6.
I think Starfield absolutely is Xbox exclusive at this point.
I got nothing to go off of.
I got nothing but rumors and stuff and what they said during this event.
But I think something like that you better believe is going to be Xbox exclusive.
They had no reason to take that to PlayStation at this point.
But I do think that all being said, I do think there's going to be room for certain Bethesda
things to still show up on Nintendo Switch, certainly, because they seem to have a pretty
good partnership.
And Microsoft never really seems threatened by Nintendo.
You know, they've done things like Ori and the Blind Forest and Will of the Wisps, Minecraft,
of course, although that's its own circumstance, right?
But we've seen interesting...
A Cuphead would be another one.
We've seen interesting little partnerships between Nintendo and Microsoft.
And I think that will still also hold true with Bethesda.
I'm not necessarily thinking the Elder Scrolls 6s of the world, but how about the Fallout
shelters of the world and little things like that, I think would still be very likely for
the Switch.
So I don't think everything is going to be.
Loki, what about you?
Where's your head at on the exclusives?
What do you think is going to happen?
I think we'll see how it goes with just having one console.
I mean, I think it depends on where they think they're going to make their money.
If it's going to be a game that is primarily single player and kind of an RPG like an Elder
Scrolls type game, then I think that they will keep it to the exclusive platforms.
If it's something more of a live service game where they feel that they're going to make
more money and reoccurring income from monthly subscriptions or microtransactions, then they're
going to want it on as many platforms as possible.
So I think it's just going to determine the type of games that they have and where they
feel that they're going to be best fitting.
Interesting conversation happening in chat.
And I think it might have started with this comment here where Phoenix7726 said, how long
before Sony or Nintendo take Ubisoft?
And then S2100matt followed that up with Sony would be smart to target Konami.
And there's some other follow ups to that.
And it's interesting, this conversation about Microsoft and Bethesda is sort of starting
this who's next type of trend.
Is Sony going to get Konami or something like that?
Now it's pointed out, I think Bobby Blackwell said, Konami is no longer a console video
game company and everyone's still in denial about it.
Very true.
But I think there's something to be said about, you know, the case set, you know, being pretty
much long gone.
And could maybe Konami's intellectual properties still be, you know, maybe if the whole company
isn't bought, could their intellectual property be bought for console usage?
And of course, I hate to bring it up because this rumor won't fucking die.
But there's the whole Sony and Konami are in cahoots on a new Silent Hill.
I give us a screenshot or something.
I don't know.
But I do like honestly, that would be a dream.
If Sony were to acquire things like Castlevania as an IP, Silent Hill as an IP, Suikoden as
an IP.
Can you can you imagine if Sony brought back Suikoden?
Like that's hot, like somebody needs to get all the Konami IPs and do something with them,
at least in the home entertainment.
What could also be very interesting, where would it if somebody were to buy and I realize
I'm going on a tangent, but forgive me, because our show is rooted in a lot of Konami's culture
when it comes to music games.
Could you imagine if a company acquired the ability to make Bimani game home versions
that would actually do something with it?
And like Sony could I see Sony as a company where if they actually acquired the ability
to make Bimani home games, they might actually fucking do something with it.
And it could be very exciting, actually.
But I realize things like Bimani get really weird because Konami still has an interest
in the arcade stuff.
Konami still has their stuff they're doing on the PC with, you know, they're they're
like pop music online and they're 2DX Infinitas and all that stuff.
So I think Bimani in particular is in a really weird gray area when we come to talk about
acquiring stuff.
But I see these great IPs that are really going nowhere as of late.
And I would like Sony or somebody to buy them, quite frankly, at least the intellectual property.
But I get the contracts can be weird.
And Konami has not been a very well run company for quite a long time at this point.
So I'm not sure they're going to sell just because we want them to.
It's weird.
Yeah.
Konami also, they have to deal with probably a big difference in business model for Japanese
origin companies versus European.
It could be very true.
And also, I mean, different rules of acquisition for for, you know, Asian countries versus
European countries.
So it might not even be worth it, especially since they've especially for Konami since
they've become a little bit more niche with their bigger focus on the Pachi slot, you
know.
Yeah.
Or just slots in general.
And remember, walk into any casino and look at look at the look on the corner of the marquees
for the different slot machines.
About half of them are going to say Konami.
And they're not they're not things like Castlevania slots.
They're like, like, I don't think kitty glitter is by them, but I'm sure they have their own
type of kitten slot machine.
And there's I think that slot fortune cookie is Konami.
There's a lot of like, Konami has a lot of slot machines with things you wouldn't even
think were Konami.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Okay.
I completely took like the exit.
I'm like that meme of the car who's like, oh, L.R. staying focused on the news tangent.
And I just went down to let me go back to the news about Bethesda and Konami.
Let's talk about what this does for Game Pass, because I think I think another reason why
our chat room has this reaction of who's going to be next is because I think we're all looking
at this going.
Is anybody going to compete with Game Pass?
Because right now, it seems like nobody's trying.
Google Stadia sure didn't, because they went with a completely different model, right?
Like who is actually trying to compete with Game Pass?
I guess you could say EA Play, but look what happened there.
No, not even.
Well, EA Play, yeah, that's part of Game Pass now, but at least the trial version is.
I don't know if anybody's really doing, you know, like a competitor for Game Pass.
I could see Sony altering PlayStation now to try to make it like that.
I don't know if they have downloadable games yet.
That really is the thing that they need.
The streaming stuff.
It once again, it's a nice idea to have that you can stream any title, but the bandwidth,
man, it just in this day and age, that's not something that we need to be more manageable
and downloading something, it's going to be a lot more manageable that way.
And I do want to address some of the stuff in chat because they're echoing some of what
you're saying here.
SJ100Matt says Sony is trying, PlayStation Plus will get there.
Tiger Claw says Nintendo isn't even trying either.
I mean, I guess you could say technically they do have their, you know, classic game
library if you want to give them, you know, a point for that.
Have they added anything to that in like, ever?
I mean, like, I don't know.
Yeah, last month we had the news about like fire and ice.
I mean, we're getting, you know, I think all the Donkey Kong Country games have now
shown up now.
It's slim pickings, but they are adding to it.
I mean, technically, Logie, the answer to your question is yes, they are adding to it.
It's just not at the pace you or I or anybody else would really like now.
But here's the thing.
When you guys talk about the PlayStation, Nintendo, that's actually kind of my point
is that those what's happening here with Microsoft and Bethesda and this whole news and their
real like laser focus on Game Pass, they are fucking about to lap the other guys in how
far along they are in becoming the Netflix of gaming.
Now, of course, Netflix at one point had lapped everybody as well.
And then some of the big boys really did.
Then Disney Plus decided to show up.
Then they decided to put a really fucking good Marvel show on it and so on.
Like, you know, things like Disney Plus and even to some extent Paramount Plus, certainly
Hulu, are starting to catch up to Netflix.
Apple TV is doing it well too.
Oh, yes.
And of course, there's Apple TV and there's lots of stuff.
But my point is, how many years did Netflix go unchecked?
And that's what I see happening here with Game Pass and Microsoft is that they're just
able to etch out such a huge lead in this.
You know, I mean, it's it's interesting.
And you know, Bobby says Xbox is no longer in the console war.
They're in the ecosystem war.
Sony is still trying to win the console war.
And Microsoft doesn't really care about the console.
And I think this is a huge mistake on Sony's part.
I really do.
I think they need to get serious about responding to Game Pass if they want to have that longevity.
Because I think this news about Bethesda and everything with Game Pass, there isn't even
lines to read between.
Like in sometimes with these stories in the past, a year ago, I've had to say read between
the lines.
This is a Game Pass thing.
Why did Microsoft have that E3 where they announced that they were acquiring seven studios
that read between the lines?
It's a Game Pass thing.
You don't even have to read between the lines anymore.
They said it's a Game Pass thing.
So you can tell where Microsoft's interests are.
It was not about bringing the games to Xbox Series X.
It was not about bringing the games to Xbox One.
It was about bringing the games to Game Pass.
So did I just set off my phone?
I think I did.
Leave me alone.
All right.
I think it was my watch, actually.
All right.
Anyway, any other thoughts on the Bethesda Xbox thing?
All right.
Not really.
All right.
Then let's move on and we'll talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games
that we have been playing this week.
So Dark Soccer, let's start with you.
How was your gaming week?
Animal Crossing.
It's a good choice.
And Wordscape.
Wordscape is like how I wake up my brain in the morning and now I'm actually timing myself
to see how quickly I can finish an entire series, like the 16 puzzles.
And so far, my fastest has been within like four and a half minutes.
Wow.
So now that I'm bored with that, now I'm actually seeing how many different words I can figure
out.
And right now, my max is 16 extra words.
Nice.
So it's really just been that and not that it's a game, but it's kind of a contest because
it had achievements.
I like Duolingo.
I'm relearning Japanese.
And I had a challenge to be number one in the Diamond League, which is like the top
league and number one's pretty hard to get.
You got to stay on top of it.
And I think I earned something like 900 XP doing this, but I made number one in Diamond
League.
So now I can go back to half-assing it.
So that's really all, although I'm pretty much considering making myself a Japanese
account to play Animal Crossing so that I can maybe use that again to sort of teach
myself.
Oh, that's a cute idea.
I was doing that with the original, not the N64 one, but the GameCube double tsunami plus.
And it was pretty difficult at the time.
Now I think I read a lot better, so I might have an easier time of it, but we'll see.
It's interesting because Shane has talked to me about how he plays Final Fantasy XIV
in Japanese because he's also studying Japanese right now.
And so that is something to kind of help him learn.
So that's a very interesting like trick or technique, I guess, to helping immerse yourself
in a language is take one of your favorite video games, you know, and play it again,
but in Japanese or continue to play it in Japanese is a little way to kind of practice.
It's interesting.
And I did order some stickers, but they never arrived, but I got the idea from when Extrofer
was learning Russian.
Oh, and he had all those postcards all over the house?
Exactly.
So I was ordering stickers to put on things, and I might just have to make my own, like
get some like Avery labels or something, which shouldn't be too difficult to do.
But I also have another thing coming on tomorrow should be here.
And that's Mac Mini.
Oh, yeah.
I'm getting the Mac Mini M1, mostly for, you know, using Final Cut and Logic.
But I'm looking forward to seeing what I've been hearing about how well it plays some
of the games, because it's supposed to have just like this kickass graphics acceleration.
So and I have a bunch of games in my Steam that are Mac compatible, and I have a few
others that I had, you know, from the App Store, like, you know, Borderlands.
So I'm going to try to get my streaming setup done and do a little bit of Mac streaming.
So I see.
All right.
Excellent.
I'm looking forward to reporting on it, but that's why I brought it up, because it will
I'll be gaming on it.
Although I hate that I'd have to buy Final Fantasy 14 completely over if I wanted to
play it.
Oh, yeah.
Kind of lame.
At least I have my account.
We'll see.
Does any of the arcade stuff extend to Mac Mini or is that only?
Yes, it does.
Oh, cool.
You should check out that Fantasian.
I really want to see more about that.
I'll look into it.
I mean, I like I, you know, when I sold my iMac, I'm actually probably selling my MacBook
Pro because I use my iPad all the time.
But I was, you know, playing patterned because, you know, I love patterned and I actually
fully beat everything out on patterned right now.
But I would play patterned on my iPad and on a Mac.
So arcade goes through.
Cool.
Play what?
The golf every so often.
Good to know.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's check it.
Actually, a quick listener comment on the last segment before I go to Loki's gaming
week.
Bonds 006 in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network said Microsoft all you can eat model
is great for those that want it.
Bad times ahead winner if paywall for games become the only way to play games.
I don't think it will.
I mean, you're always going to have to pay for well, not true, I guess, because there
are things like Fortnite and the free to play model will always exist.
But that also is going to exist out of any of those ecosystems.
But you know, even if you drop $60 or some $70, I guess for a new game, that is a paywall
of sorts.
But I think I do see your point that like, you know, what if I want to just own this
game?
What if I want the streaming service to play this game?
I don't see that going away, especially with how integrated the digital storefronts are.
I think there's always going to be ways to buy a game that you really want without needing
any of these, you know, game pass or any of these service PS now, whatever you don't need
any of it.
Again, I always kind of look at this comparison to the movie industry.
And I think, you know, you obviously a lot of Hollywood has gone to streaming services.
But you know what?
You can still get Blu rays.
You can probably even still get DVDs.
It's not quite as plentiful as it was pre Netflix, but it's out there.
And hell online, you can get almost anything.
So there's a movie you really want and you don't, you know, because movies come and go
from the different streaming services too, which is really irritating.
So like my favorite movie, Clue, I know it's on Pluto TV, and I think it's on the new Paramount
Plus.
But you know what?
I own it on Blu ray just because I want to own it.
And I don't want to have to chase it around different streaming services.
And so I think there's I think that would be the case for games as well.
I don't I don't see that for a few movies.
Yeah, especially when it comes to Nintendo, if Nintendo is still going to always remain
a portable system.
We're not at the level yet.
And certainly Nintendo is not at the level yet where like, they're going to stream 5G
games to the switch, maybe 10, 15 years, we might have a different conversation on that.
This show will probably still be going.
But right now, no, I there were a long, long way out from that, for sure.
Anyway.
Okay, I just want to comment on that.
I did think it was a good comment.
But I think if you again, you look to Hollywood, I think you see a lot of where games is going
games is just lagging 510 years behind.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play a ton.
I did play a lot of Minecraft.
And then of course, I had picked up a what's it called?
It's a ABS retro HD I think systems a while back, it's basically like an HD Nintendo and
Famicom.
And so I've been just picking up a few Nintendo games here and there.
So I got this week as a blaster master bionic commando, and of course, the guardian legend
and then also rampage because it came with the guardian legend.
Did you go to the retro store downtown or the one in Fair Oaks?
The one in Fair Oaks.
Okay.
Because I didn't want to go all the way downtown.
That's a cool place too.
Like I'm not going to.
We may as well give Fair Game a shout out.
They're a local business and they're pretty fair.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The prices were definitely good.
I could have bought a whole lot more and I sought myself, but they have a lot of stuff
there.
They even carry some homebrew NES games and reprints.
So like I didn't realize, but they have a NES multi-cart for a bunch of data East games.
That's actually officially endorsed by data East and stuff.
So I thought that was kind of interesting.
Hold up, hold up, hold up.
Does this mean you might sell your game at retail?
It would be cool if I could.
I didn't ask him, but like I saw that they had, um, they had, what was it?
It's um, I think it's like hollow Halloween or something like that.
Um, 85, there's some, some Halloween game, um, that they have, that's, uh, pretty well
known and they have the box copy of it there for like 60 bucks.
So a haunted Halloween 85, that's what it was.
And um, so I saw that I was actually looking to see if they had any like other, you know,
indie games there.
Um, I think there's a few things, but like a lot, not so much on the NES and like some
of the other stuff I was looking for, they didn't really have, but I mean, it's certainly
well organized compared to, I like the previous week I had gone to the local flea market here
and there's a guy that has a retro game store with games that are in far less good shape
and it's just, there's no organization to it at all.
It's like a bunch of NES carts and good luck, find what you're looking for because none
of it's organized in.
It's just a big pile mess.
Not Crater Dan back, is it?
It's uh, retro, it's like Dave's, it's, it's on the, he's, he's talking about the Folsom
Boulevard one, not Denios.
Oh, I don't think I've been there.
Yeah.
So his store is a bit, uh, trap, I mean, it, it represents the, the flea market as a whole.
I mean, the whole flea market's kind of a dump, but that whole thing, not to like give
away my address, but that whole thing is within like maybe two miles of my house and I'll
still take the 20 minute drive to go to Denios.
I would have, I should have gone to Denios, but like, I just wanted to real quickly check
it out.
Cause I saw when I was looking for like NES games on, um, not like the Facebook marketplace
and like on Craigslist or something like that, I saw an ad for it and it looked, you know,
better.
They also have like amiibos and stuff like that.
Um, so I wanted to go in there and see what they had, but Oh my God, it was a mess.
Like I could, I could literally not find anything that I was looking for in there.
Like I could have asked them, they would have been like, I don't know.
And the way they have their counter set up, like if there's stuff on the counter and like
the way the games are stacked up in there, you can't even see what's in there.
It's just, it's a mess.
And just looking at the labels, uh, from where they had it on there, it just looked trash.
Just like dumpster diving for $5 DVDs at Walmart, right?
Yeah.
Pretty much like, except if the DVDs were like scraped off of the street, you know,
because they'd been thrown away before, um, whereas at least the stuff that was at fair
game, if the pricing wasn't bad, it was like 10 bucks a game.
And depending on what you're looking for, obviously like Zelda was like 30 or $40.
I'm like, I don't really want for that much.
Um, but yeah, it's just, it's so much better.
Just not a nightmare to find stuff.
Um, so yeah, eventually I'll go back out to the, it's been a while since I've been out
there, but like, I just want to do like a really quick trip to see what they had and
that was it.
So, um, you know, I'll probably go back to fair game at some point, you know, I don't
want to get a huge collection of stuff cause I don't have any place to put it.
So I don't know.
We'll see.
All right.
Um, well I'll talk about my gaming week.
So as I mentioned earlier, when Loki was talking about Bethesda, I did play doom 64
this week a little bit.
That's fun.
Um, and also I used the whole, uh, game pass expansion, Bethesda.
I picked up elder scrolls, oblivion, the Xbox three 61, because I was like, I just want
to check it out.
And I have to say, holy shit, the loading times are crazy good because of the whole
fact like series X, you know, is on the, the, um, solid state drive and all that stuff and
boast the faster loading times.
I gotta say now that I'm playing oblivion, uh, it's, you notice it and it looks really
sharp.
You know, it's, it's still a years old game at this point from what, like 2006.
But um, it's, it holds up pretty well thanks to, I'm not sure how many of those enhancements
like the HDR and the frame skip stuff or the frame speed up stuff they've actually put
into this yet.
I think some of that is still coming.
Um, but it looks good.
Um, and so I enjoyed it well enough.
You know, I'm not going to spend a lot of time on it, but, uh, I had a good time.
It's kind of like going down memory lane, I guess.
So, um, so I played a little bit of that.
I'm still playing dead by daylight, thanks to husband and his streams.
Um, I actually finally got to the point I spent money on it.
I bought a new killer because I had to be able to play the game as pyramid head.
So I bought pyramid head and day by daylight and I gotta say he's fucking fun.
He's really fun to play.
And you know, it's funny cause everybody tells me pyramid heads a little more advanced.
I don't know if you want to, you know, even Alan is kind of like, he's a little bit harder
to play.
I don't know.
And I'm like, I want to play this game as pyramid head.
I will learn.
And so it's pretty cool cause he digs trenches that, um, the survivors, if they touch them,
they become tormented.
And this is really cool.
If they're tormented, then when you down them, instead of putting them on a hook, you can
send them to a cage.
So they go to a, like a barbed wire cage type of thing they have to escape from.
And so that feels really good.
Um, so I've, I've caged a few survivors and that's a lot of fun.
So pyramid head is, is now my main in dead by daylight, at least for now until I get
suckered into, uh, buying another killer.
We'll see.
But that's all, again, that's all thanks to Alan.
I would, I wouldn't have given that game really another look, but he really did some streaming.
I'll give him a cheap plug.
Twitch TV slash Alan alchemy.
I think he's streaming after tonight.
So well are, I think he wanted to do that.
So you might actually get to see him if you hang out until the end of the show.
Um, but, um, he was really good at explaining all the mechanics.
And I will say this.
I played my first survivor game in dead by daylight, which I, you know, was kind of like
on the fence, like, uh, but having played enough, I was like, all right, I should get
in there and played survivor.
I did not enjoy playing survivor.
It was too stressful.
I hate that heartbeat shit.
Like when the killer's getting closer, the heartbeat gets into, and so my own heartbeat
is like, what the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck?
And then like, I was just playing like a dummy.
Like I thought I was running away from the killer and the killer literally cornered me.
So because a lot of people that play that game are kind of dicks, like the killer is
like standing there right in front of me blocking.
So I can't go anywhere.
And so of course he starts doing the whole nanny, nanny, nanny, teabag TV, nanny, nanny,
nanny, like, ah, you can't do anything.
And then kills me.
I'm like, you fucking dick.
So I did not enjoy survivor experience.
I don't think I'm going to do that again.
Like, ah, I am a murderer at heart.
That is, that is how I'm going to stick to it.
All right.
Um, I'm looking in chat, SSJ100Matt says, so Rob and Alan co-stream when?
Okay.
Do not quote me on this.
Do not like write.
This is not science seal delivered.
However, we are talking about.
So I mentioned after Bobby does his, um, reward stream here at VOG network, he's going to
do the VHS tapes, memory lane stream.
You already got the points raised for that.
That is going to happen in the next couple of weeks.
So once that's done, we already talked about the next stream is going to be, um, the Shane's
definitive Pokemon rankings.
We talked about that last week.
So Shane is going to get out of spreadsheets, walk you through his spreadsheets of how he
ranks Pokemon.
And I think we said we were going to do the top 50 Poke.
If we do all 800, it's going to be a 48 hour stream.
So I think we said, we're going to do like the top 50 Pokemon is going to do his definitive
ranking.
The next stream after that, I am looking at doing a Rob Roberts, murders, his husband
stream, um, in dead by daylight.
So it'll be Rob Roberts murders, his husband in dead by daylight, but we're going to need
to find three other survivors who Rob Roberts will also be murdering.
Um, and if you're playing in that, if that's okay, if you're new to dead by daylight, that's,
it can be listeners.
It could be other friends of the show, whatever.
If you're new to dead by daylight, that's okay because Alan will be coaching the team
of survivors.
So it will be a, and I fucking suck as a killer.
So like, you know, if you're going to want to learn, this will be the stream to do it.
I have to confirm and make sure Alan's all good with that.
That is what we're looking at for the third bonus stream that will come a little later
on.
So, all right.
Speaking in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network, uh, sweet Nick, sweet Nika.
I hope I said that right.
I'm sorry.
Nika.
Sorry about that.
Uh, says I play survivor more than killer, but being killer is a great stress relief
at dead by daylight.
LOL.
Um, I am taking comfort in the fact that Alan is a pretty good survivor, but when he plays
killer, he's about as good as I am.
So I don't feel like I'm lagging behind or anything like that, which is nice.
Um, as soon under Matt says, got to have Shane's not top 10 Pokemon though.
Ha ha ha.
Uh, and DJ Romas says we need a Rob Roberts presents among us.
Yeah.
I know that's still a desire to, that may end up being the third thing.
So that's why I said, don't quote me on it, but we'll, uh, we'll, we'll get on that.
So, okay.
So see dark soccer, you don't have to worry pixel Pacas already volunteering to get murdered
by me.
So there we go.
We're we'll get, we'll get Alan's team together in no time.
All right.
All right.
Uh, what else do I want to say about my gaming week?
Oh, I still have one more.
I bought bravely default two, uh, on Nintendo switch and, uh, I haven't played a lot of
it yet.
I've only gone through, uh, that like very first boss fight where the team is still teaching
you about boss fights.
So I, I'm, I'm still very early into the game, but so far I am enjoying the actual game itself.
The whole like job leveling, the, the battle system is very interesting where the whole
like you kind of like stock up your turns, or if you're feeling very cocky or confident
that you can finish the battle and in four turns, you just spend all your points and
try to knock everything out.
Um, there is a Bobby black Wolf mode.
You can play on easy, uh, but I am playing on normal.
Um, so I am enjoying it and, um, the story, you know, it's still early on, but it seems
like it could go, the voice acting gets a little old, but I skipped most of it.
Um, but the story so far seems like it could be interesting, very, very old school final
fantasy so far anyway, again, I'm very early on in it.
The one thing I am going to haze the game for a little bit though, um, it doesn't run
great.
Um, and that is kind of shocking for a game that's exclusive to switch to see things like
frame skips and hiccups and like stuff that really shows how the switch is lagging behind
other systems.
Now maybe this is all when the switch pro comes out, wink, wink, nudge, nudge, bravely
default two will run like butter on it, but I can't, I can't evaluate a system that ain't
out or even announced yet as it is today.
It's a little disappointing how kind of clunky it feels.
Um, and uh, I gotta say, I think bravely default is really a game that's meant to be played
in portable mode.
I play it on the TV and when I do play it on the TV, I can see a lot of pixelization
and like things that aren't very appealing when I'm in things like towns and stuff.
And I'm not sure if that's supposed to be kind of intentionally the art style, um, which
some of the fans may try to say, and that's fine, everybody can have their own opinion.
I say it doesn't work.
Um, and it, it looks, it looks old.
It looks, uh, yeah.
So some of those things are kind of annoying, um, but the game itself, the game mechanics
and that whole thing are kind of strong enough for me to overlook that other stuff.
I just hope there is a switch pro in the future that will not cause the game to like, you
know, like literally stutter as I'm out in the overworld.
It's it's kind of depressing that the game does that, honestly.
All right.
Um, let's move on.
That's it for my gaming week.
So I think that's all I have to say.
Uh, I guess we'll get into some news, shall we?
So Loki, why don't you start us off?
All right.
So, uh, you know, stonks, um, Roblox, the Roblox thing or Roblox corporation, I should
say, uh, went public this week.
I believe that was on the 10th and they had originally set out that their stock price
was around, I think they were estimating $45 was originally what it was, uh, set the trade
at, but then actually ended up trading around $70 at the end of the day.
Um, so right now, though, they've, uh, raised quite a bit of money.
So it's, you know, basically a valuation of about $45 billion, uh, which is huge because
when you compare that to other companies like EA, for example, which is 37 billion or take
two, which is 19 billion, um, that is quite a bit more, uh, considering, you know, it
is a huge platform.
I honestly think that this company is going to get, uh, too big for itself, uh, especially
considering that like the rampant piracy of IP on the platform is going to, it's going
to run into problems with that.
I can see that at some point soon, um, wait, could you, could you do me a favor because
you have kids?
I don't have kids.
Star soccer doesn't have kids.
Could you do me a favor here?
Explain Roblox Roblox.
Like yeah.
Okay.
Why Roblox explain yourself.
So Roblox is basically this platform that you go on there.
It's free to play and you can actually play games.
It looks similar to Lego a little bit.
They have these really blocky, iconic characters that you play as, and what's unique about
it though, is all of this content in, in these games are all user generated.
So basically if I, I could go on there, develop a game in Lua and sell content on this platform
and basically make money off of this platform.
And a lot of people do that and it's gotten so big though.
That's like, you know, they have merchandise like crazy.
Um, there's just so much merchandise, toys, uh, I'm surprised they don't have like shows
or anything yet, but it's, my kids play this constantly.
It is like literally the only game that they play is Roblox aside from Minecraft occasionally,
but mostly Roblox.
And it's like the dumbest, I mean, it's like the stuff that they're playing is definitely
made by kids or folks that are not used to game development is jank as fuck, but they're
having fun with it.
So that's fine, but there are some things that are very much like, you know, you need
to pay Roblox, which is the in game currency to do different things.
So I don't know.
It's a huge, huge, huge platform.
How is it different than Minecraft is absolutely different.
So where's Minecraft is basically the same thing.
You can kind of tweak it a little bit to, um, make your own stuff like your own levels
and everything.
This is basically like a sandbox.
Think of like Gary's mod a little bit.
So it's like a sandbox.
You can build worlds with your own graphics, your own sound, whatever.
Um, a lot of it's ripped off of IPs that they definitely don't own.
Um, but you know, that's the least of it.
Okay.
The oof sound as iconic as it is in this game is the least of it.
I mean, they're just ripping off anything you can imagine and just the most horrid combination
of audio visuals in imaginable, but Bobby does point out in chat too.
They worked there.
They worked their oof out.
I'm paraphrasing, but they worked it all at Tommy, Tommy and Roblox.
They cool now.
Anyway.
Yes.
So, um, it, but basically think of it as like a big platform.
Like we've seen some of the stuff with like, um, project spark on the Microsoft, uh, platforms.
There's this new thing that's through unreal.
That's kind of like that as well, where you can build your own worlds and dreams, dreams
probably be a little bit like dreams if you could monetize dreams and it looked way more
jank than, uh, that is, you know, honest, honestly, I should probably decide to play
a stream on Roblox.
One of these days, uh, my kids keep asking me to do that, but like I've tried playing
with them and it's the stuff that they play is just very janky.
Like it bothers me how janky it is.
And, uh, but I mean, someday I could do it.
It's all in Lua.
So it's pretty easy to script for it's just, I don't know Lua, so I'd have to learn that,
but what better way to learn, um, getting you some other comments from chat.
Zen monkey 11 says Roblox has nine versus nine multiplayer baseball.
I'm unimpressed by that EA and two K won't ever do that.
Uh, Questbuster says some Roblox users have made a living on making things on Roblox in
the six figure range.
Oh, well, there you go.
Pixel poops Roblox edition.
Get on it.
Granted.
Like, you know, I'm, I am making fun of the stuff that I see my kids play, but my kids
play some really dumb stuff.
Like there's actually like very polished things that are on this platform.
Um, and there's some things that aren't very polished.
Like for example, something that my kids are really into was piggy for a while and piggy
is kind of like, if you combine five nights at Freddy's with Peppa pig, it was that if
you can imagine that.
I'd rather not.
So it's, it's, there's a lot of weird stuff on there, but binary binary six, six, seven
and chat says my daughter just likes doing the obstacle course stuff and is much better
at it than I am.
Hey, if anything binary, um, take comfort in the fact that when your daughter gets to
be our age, like when your daughter's in her forties, um, she'll lose all that video game
skill.
Cause that's what happened to me.
I used to be able to beat mega man too easy peasy.
You know, no, no problem.
Quick man stage.
No problem.
You do it now.
Mess.
So take comfort in that one day.
She might be better than you now, but it won't last forever anyway.
Nothing lasts forever.
And not Roblox.
That's for sure.
All right.
But it's, it's interesting just how much, you know, the Roblox was valued at.
Like that was like four times the worth of Bethesda or something like that.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
Well it could go down eventually.
Like there's a lot of things that are overvalued right now.
Um, GameStop.
So true, but I'm on that ship, so it's all good.
All right.
To the moon, right?
Sweet money.
Yeah.
All right.
Uh, let's talk about, Hey, one of the systems I know you can play Roblox on cause I think
like the five minutes I tried, tried Roblox and I was like, what the hell am I doing?
It was on my Xbox one.
Well, the Xbox ones as well as Xbox series Xs, all the Xboxes, well from Xbox one, not
the 360 or the old one, but all the newer Xboxes are getting a new software update.
It will be adding some features, but it's also going to remove some features.
There's going to be a compatibility patch for the new Xbox wireless headset.
So that's kind of nice, but what they're getting rid of live TV listings in one guide.
So you might remember, do you remember on the Xbox one, they really wanted you to hook
up your TV through, actually, some of you might still do this out there, honestly.
And it's fine.
Um, yeah, I would do it too if I'd remembered to and I set up my TV, but, uh, there's not
going to be TV listings in one guide anymore.
It's going away.
So no, no TV guide channel built into your, do people even know what that is anymore?
I don't know, but that the listings will not be built in to the Xbox.
You're going to have to rely on most TVs have that built in now though my, uh, my television
has that built into it, which is weird.
So I guess just went a different place.
So, uh, you, the one guide will still stay so you can watch TV through HDMI.
So like it's not suddenly shutting off your ability to actually watch TV.
It's just the schedules are actually going away.
Now other big features that are coming in the March update, you can actually enable
or disable the auto HDR and FPS boost.
That was what I was trying to think of earlier, the frame boost.
So if a game supports it, you can boost the frame rate up to even possibly 120 frames
per second, just depending on what game you're playing.
So that's kind of cool.
Some other minor tweaks, including achievements, going back to the mobile app, uh, and things
like that.
But that is a big Xbox console update that is on its way.
Um, DJ Rama S talking about the TV thing says, I did that.
I used to have my Fios box connected to my Xbox, but I had to remove that connection
because I now have a 4k TV and that Xbox HDMI input isn't 4k.
Oh, I didn't realize that.
That's probably a big ouch as to why a lot of TV people aren't using that now.
Um, let's see.
Uh, Zen monkey 11 says I was born in 2000.
What's a TV guide?
Don't do this.
Did you, are you, are you really going to choose violence today?
Um, look it up on Wikipedia.
Get off my lawn.
Uh, bonds double six says Pluto TV for now I, yeah, Pluto TV is, is an Xbox app and I've
used that too.
I mentioned a clue earlier and there's a lot of, they have a lot of interesting channels.
They used to have a RuPaul's drag race channel that just showed nothing but drag race all
day.
That went away probably because of the paramount thing.
But they do have as well, but they have a survivor channel, which is also a CBS, but
they have a survivor channel, which plays nothing but old.
I'm talking like old.
I saw survivor, the Australian outback on it the other day, like old ass episodes of
survivor.
They just play all day long.
So it's kind of fun.
So, all right.
Oh, good.
Uh, Zen monkey 11 says I'm joking.
I wasn't born in 2000.
Oh, you did choose violence today, didn't you?
Liar.
All right.
Anyway, that's the Xbox March update before I fight, fight our chatters.
Moving on to our next story, dark Sakura.
Well, one of my favorite ever game series are the teenage mutant Ninja Turtles arcade
ones like turtles in time.
And the first one that came out, those are, have always been like some of my favorites.
And so there is a new one coming out in the same vein as those others.
It's going to be called a teenage mutant Ninja Turtles shredders revenge.
And it's actually looking pretty neat.
And on top of that, you can play as all four turtles and splinter and April, although I
don't see any Casey Jones anywhere.
I don't know what's going on with that.
But it looks, it looks really good.
It's a 2d fighter.
The characters have really great personality.
Everything looks really awesome.
I'm, I'm really, really hoping that that this does well, that it gives us more like that,
but it's the same, uh, uh, you know, uh, group that did like wonder boy, the dragons trap,
you know, so, oh, I didn't realize it was them.
Oh, that was a good conversion tribute games.
Nice.
Yeah.
So, um, so I'm really looking forward to it.
I mean, we pretty much like, Dan was like the other day, Hey, there's a new teenage mutant
turtles.
Look at this.
And I'm like, Ooh, yeah.
So they really hit that sweet spot of just giving us what we want.
You know, like when people think of the Ninja Turtles video game, they think of that, you know, even the
guy born in 2000 thinks of the old school nineties, pizzeria arcade game.
Like, yes, I know there's been other Ninja Turtles games, but none of them have captured quite the magic
that that, cause they don't ask about the later Ninja Turtles games.
Everybody asks about, you remember, you remember that nineties Ninja Turtles game that we played at the
arcade.
You remember that one with the four players, unfortunately.
So I'm glad they're kind of going back to the formula that works.
And I think it's really smart because this isn't in an arcade and you can do a little more with it.
I think it's really smart for them to think about what if we did other characters, I don't think they've
confirmed the April and shredder thing.
People are kind of reading into it from the trailer.
Well, they were in, they were in, uh, the preview fighting.
Yeah.
So, so, so people are assuming that you can play as them because they're fighting.
Um, but I think that's, I think that's great.
I think that's a great way to kind of expand on the idea without changing the idea.
Like, I didn't realize I want to play as April O'Neill in the Ninja Turtles game until you showed me that.
Now I'm like, Oh, I want to do that April O'Neill too with that hideous, that hideous yellow jacket.
Yeah, this is totally nineties Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
So, um, I mean, Tiger call was talking about it being in the eighties.
Uh, the, the series was not eighties.
It was nineties.
Um, I think it was on that bubble.
I think like season one was like 89.
Like, but we're, we're, we're nickel and diamond at this point.
So now if they were going to do eighties though, it would be cool if there's like a bloody, all red bandana mode, you know, that's got like,
Oh, you want to go comics?
I'm going comics with this one.
All right.
All right.
Yeah.
Cause that's the original, that is the absolutely original.
But that, but again, this is the one that people really remember, you know, that era of the,
the cartoon that folks are saying came out in late 87, whatever.
All right.
It's it was on the boat.
It was on for so long.
Most people probably picked it up in reruns in the nineties.
You know, it's, there's a lot of that type of stuff.
I was watching it with my brothers.
Yeah.
So, uh, honestly I was watching it more than my brothers.
I think it looks great and I'm excited.
Uh, I, I did not make the connection that the wonder, uh, wonderboy trap, the dragons trap people were doing it.
And that makes me even more excited.
Like there's just certain studios that are getting the retro re the blaster master zero folks, another one of them.
They're just getting the remakes.
Right.
Like they're doing the retro remakes.
Right.
And that's very exciting.
So awesome.
You know, I would still think it would be fun though.
I mean, I love that they're going off of the previous games, you know, like the one, the arcade games that we have.
I honestly would also really like to see the similar type of game, but in the IDW universe, because there's some really neat characters in the IDW comics right now.
That's I've actually been reading that fairly religiously.
All right.
Anyway, this is still making me happy.
So no, it's all good.
I think that trailer made a lot of people happy because it was also, it's just unexpected.
Like, you know, it kind of came out of nowhere that like, Hey, by the way, there's a new Ninja Turtles game coming.
And it's old school.
Here we are on Mario day and I'm expecting Mario announcements and all we get is Ninja Turtles.
It's like, geez, but I'll tell you, I didn't even realize I'm dressed for Mario day.
I'm wearing my Mario shirt today on stream for those watching on Twitch.
I just realized I've had this shirt forever.
The shirt is very old, but it's one of my faves.
All right.
It is not as old as Mario three.
Um, but probably close.
All right, let's move on.
Uh, okay.
Loki, this is another one you're going to have to explain because this, this doesn't make sense, but can you try to make sense of it?
Loki, this next story.
So, yeah, so the big, like buzzword this week has been NFT, which is non fungible tokens.
So it's basically, I got an, I got NFT for this.
No fucking time.
It's basically what it is.
Is like, you know how with Bitcoin, there's kind of the blockchain, the track who has, um, possession of a specific Bitcoin at any time.
And so you can track that actually being able to take a digital good and have ownership of it.
So that's kind of what it is.
So people now are selling all sorts of dumb things as NFTs, um, everything from like, just like artwork to really dumb things.
Like I saw someone that took a picture of their scrotum and they are selling as an F T.
So, um, obviously folks are really trying to cash in on this right now.
Um, was it a nice scrotum?
Don't answer, don't answer.
It's iDubbbz from, it's iDubbbz.
Was it FreshlyShorn?
He just did the bat wing thing.
So it was tastefully, the sun was coming through it.
You could see the veins and everything.
Okay, enough.
Anyways, so they, they're selling like, was it a Beeple?
I don't know if you know of Beeple.
Was it a Beeple?
I don't know if you know of Beeple.
There, Beeple is a, uh, an artist who actually puts out, he put a new piece of art every day for like 15 years.
So he sold his collection of art.
Um, and there's one massive, like huge image for 69, I think it was like $69 million, some ridiculous amount of money that people pay for that.
And what you get is basically like a digital image, but you own it.
Which I don't understand that in the sense that, um, it's a digital image.
I mean, I can make copies of it.
I can just do whatever, but apparently it's somehow you get ownership of it.
So I don't really know how that works, but it's the thing that people are trying to make money off of right now.
The certificate of authenticity is yours.
I mean, in theory, I get the NFT thing in theory as like a way to support artists, especially during this difficult time.
We're going to art galleries, maybe doesn't work.
So if the artist chooses to use this as a way to drive sales so that they can buy food and pay rent, I don't have a problem with that.
And I'm not going to shade that.
Where this is getting out of control is this shit I'm hearing about.
Like what?
You can go on Twitter, tag a certain account and like, cause I hear people are doing this to like get this Twitter account.
They're, they're tagging like Disney and Marvel tweets as NFT and trying to sell those to get the Disney and Marvel lawyers to like shut NFT down as if you could do that.
I don't know.
Like if somebody tried to sell OLR, like one of our episodes is NFT.
I'm going to tell you here and now that they don't mean shit unless they're coming from us and we say we're selling it.
And like, then those NFTs are garbage.
They don't mean anything.
And I don't think we have a plan to do that.
Although, I mean, like if the price was right, maybe, but I just don't, I don't, what, what's the point?
You could own Orange On Radio episode 860, but what's, what's the point?
If you want to support us, you, which you certainly don't have to, we've been doing this show for free for years.
You, you guys know plenty of other, you can do the subs, you can do the biddies, you know, all that stuff that you do on Twitch.
That's lovely.
That's wonderful.
You don't have to, but a lot of you do, and we love that and appreciate that.
You can do the merchandise at vognetwork.com slash shop, cheap plug.
You don't have to, but we love it when you do.
Um, I just, but if somebody were to try to like make OLR NFTs outside of us and like Bobby and Jason and people that would maybe have a little bit of a right to state claim to a little bit of OLR outside of that bubble, like, no, like don't do that.
Like it's, can't, can't I just say it's worthless?
It's it, I don't know.
It's weird.
I find the whole tagging things.
Anything is NFT.
Your balls is NFT.
I find that very strange.
I think it's a technology that needs to be perfected.
Yeah.
So anyways, uh, getting back to gaming though.
So one example of some, um, indie game companies to kind of take advantage of this.
So there was this game, uh, called, uh, this, uh, guy, uh, was a company, Roarer, um, who was a creator of indie games, like the passage, the castle doctrine and one hour, one life.
So he put out an NFT auction called the crypto doctrine, and there was 155 paintings that he had originally commissioned for the use of in the castle doctrine, which is a game about home defense, I guess.
And anyways, inside that, um, so he was auctioning off these 145 paintings, but the folks that made those paintings, the individual artists.
Didn't have any idea that he was doing this and basically said, no, Hey, I didn't consent to selling the art as an NFT, though.
I'm not sure if you commissioned something, if you really have control on over what it can and cannot be used for.
And in the sense that you're using a promote promotional materials for your game, I don't know.
That doesn't make any sense to me, but that's between the artist and the buyer.
Exactly.
So apparently a lot of the creators with that, you know, were unaware that they were doing that.
Um, there is also, um, let's see what else, uh, lots of folks just basically, you know, and I think this kind of goes back to, we were talking about the Twitter stuff where people are just being able to tag an account and sell it as an NFT.
A lot of like content that they're not really sure who is the owner of it in trying to sell it now as an NFT, because Taco Bell is selling NFTs.
I mean, so yeah, it's just no, no, no fucking tacos.
Yeah.
And the thing with that too, it's like these NFTs, like you could have some really cool stuff with it.
Like say if we had an OLR NFT or something like that, where like you buy those and then it gets you access to special things or something like that.
That'd be pretty cool.
But that is literally a Twitch subscription.
That is literally what that will do.
Yeah.
But the truth, but this is going to be more expensive.
So, okay.
I see.
Well then sub at the $20 level.
I'm not going to stop anyone from doing that.
No, you need to go higher millions.
Anyways, yeah, well, and okay.
So aside from all the stupidness that's along with that, then there's also the talk about the whole blockchain technology.
And so how energy inefficient it is and how, especially with crypto mining is literally using tons of electricity to make these calculations to see, to calculate the blockchain.
And so it's causing issues with pollution even because of all the electricity that it's being used up to do this.
So that's also another thing that folks are kind of, kind of basic climbing down on all sorts of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology because of stuff like this.
So I don't know, it's messy.
I don't really know what we can really use this for, but certainly I don't have anything that interests me as far as the NFTs that have been offered so far.
I mean, I just, I don't see what the point is in owning like a one of a kind digital item that doesn't make any sense.
IceP1 in chat, love that name, says, one of the things NFTs can do is earn the originator or royalty.
And I do want to emphasize, and I think Loki feels this way too, is that again, to support artists who are struggling right now in the times of COVID.
Again, the arrangement between the buyer and the artist is between the buyer and the artist.
And if that arrangement is I'm giving you this special token, that means this is yours and for everybody else, it's just a copy.
If and that's something they agree to, then that's fine.
I don't have a problem with that.
I don't think anybody has a problem with that.
Where shit gets weird is where anybody can tag something as an NFT and these things that aren't really art, like Jack's first tweet is an NFT.
Why?
And Jack doesn't need the money.
You know that, that he, he might've been doing it for charity.
If he did, if he's doing it for charity, I'll, I'll, I'll back off a little bit on what I just said.
Um, but I think, I think you kind of hopefully see the difference here.
You know, when it's a, when it's a struggling artist finding a new inventive way, like it's, it's their version of a Twitch sub or whatever it is.
An NFT is cool.
Like I might even look into that for, for an artist who I really like, but for like, you know, tagging random tweets and everything on the internet, video game art, you had nothing to do with and labeling that an NFT.
That's where it's like, okay, this shit is out of control.
Like, and you're just begging for this to be regulated, which you probably, nobody's going to win in that scenario.
If that makes sense.
I hope that makes sense.
So I hope, hope that kind of makes our stance clear where it's like, where we, where we are making fun of NFT or where we are not making fun of NFT.
I hope that's kind of clear.
So anything you want to add to that Loki?
I, I get it good.
I think that's about it.
Yeah.
All right.
Well then let's move on.
Let's move on to something that I think a lot of people are going to have a hard time understanding.
And that is, uh, this Twitch program that's happening behind the scenes about scoring streamers to possibly be used with ad sales.
So let me talk about what's going on.
So there's something that's happening behind the scenes called the brand safety score.
It was found in Twitch's internal API by Twitter user Tayari CS, who talked about a little bit, wrote some tweets about it and actually posted pictures of the change log on Twitter.
Now, Twitch, you know, because they, they probably weren't really ready to talk about this, but then why do you put the code out in live if you don't want it to be found?
Cause there are people that do this, uh, Twitch did put a statement on it saying we are exploring ways to improve the experience on Twitch for viewers and creators, including efforts to better match the appropriate ads to the right communities.
User privacy is critical on Twitch.
And as we refine the process, we will not pursue plans that compromise that priority.
Nothing is launched yet.
No personal information was shared and we will keep our community informed of any updates along the way.
The original tweet by Tayari CS, uh, was a series of tweets.
The first one reading Twitch has added an automatic brand safety score, which grades how brand friendly every streamer is based on things like chat behavior, ban history, manual ratings by Twitch staff.
Games played.
Times could say the N word.
Age, you honestly shouldn't be on Twitch if the answer is one, to be honest.
But anyway, that's another story.
Uh, games played, age, auto, if the answer is one and you are in a group that is not supposed to say that word, just to make that very clear.
All right.
Games played, age, auto mod, and more.
Uh, and so on.
Um, it's kind of like that whole argument that's going on about use of the LGBTQ tag because unfortunately Twitch currently, or at least of a few days ago and Dark Sakura try to.
You're not going to like this.
I'm just, don't shoot the messenger.
Twitch unfortunately has labeled that LGBTQIA is okay for allies to use because for some people, the A means allies.
It, the A, just to be clear, actually stands for asexual.
Okay.
Just, just so we're all clear on this.
Um, but this has caused people to kind of ask Twitch or, or, or some people who are using the LGBTQIA tag on their streams are saying, I'm doing this because I want people to know that this is a safe space.
This is a place that, you know, LGBTQ people can be and, and they're accepted and I'm not going to judge them or that stuff.
And my response to that is, you know, again, when you're well intentioned, I'm not going to attack dog you.
So I'm not going to attack dog anybody who does that.
But my simple answer would be, if your space is not welcoming to diverse groups, including LGBTQIA, including issues of race, including issues of gender, including if, if your space is not welcoming to that, then why the fuck are you allowed on Twitch in the first place?
Just, just a question I'd like to know the answer to.
If, if you are, if you are a dangerous place for LGBTQ or any of that, why are you on Twitch in the first, you shouldn't be here.
Just making that clear.
Anyway, I think it would be great personally, if Twitch brought back the Twitch unity tag, because I felt that was a very good all encompassing tag to sort of show that you as a streamer accept a certain set of values and that you're going to enforce those values on your stream.
In my personal opinion, they should bring that tag back, but I don't, I don't work at Twitch.
So whatever.
Anyway, I'm sorry I got on a tangent, but it was an important one.
Um, now going back to the tweet, uh, the brand safety score talks about if, uh, you know, a streamer is ranked based on their age, like if they're over 18 or 21, what's their suspension history like, what's their relationship history with Twitch and so forth.
I don't think people should be too freaked out about this, although certainly not everybody's going to like the whole big brother is watching you kind of thing.
You know what I mean?
Like people are not going to like that they're being ranked behind the scenes and all this stuff, but I get that Twitch is doing it because if there is a streamer out there that is very nasty towards certain minority communities.
Again, I want to know why they're on Twitch to begin with, but fine.
Different topic, but there's going to be advertisers that don't want to advertise with that audience because they don't want their products associated with that, right?
Because what always happens with boycotts, right?
When you decide you're going to boycott Fox News or something, who do they go after?
The advertisers, right?
So I think Twitch is kind of trying to create that environment for the advertisers, basically, so that they can somewhat guarantee that they're not going to be having their advertisements on streams run by assholes.
Again, why do assholes get to stream on Twitch?
Freedom of speech doesn't apply here at Twitch Amazon private company.
It's a yeah, it's a private company.
There's absolutely nothing that a person could complain about.
I mean, well, they could complain about it, but it's not going to do anything.
There's no legal precedents.
Right.
So anyway, um, DJ Obama S in chat says, I second that on both podcasts and Twitch streams.
I do.
I have staffers that represent LGBTQ, but as a straight cis male, I won't use it for that reason alone.
Um, that, and we don't, we don't use that tag here, even though I'm gay, Dark Soccer's asexual.
She's talked about that before.
Um, Loki is our token cis, cis hetero white dude.
Um, you know, it's, but we don't use that tag because it's not that a, it's not all that what the show is about.
B, um, not all of us are directly LGBTQ and so forth.
But if there was a Twitch unity tag, I'd be happy to use that.
Because I do think this show subscribes to certain standards where everybody is welcome here.
You know, I know we use the tagline where every gamer has a voice a lot here.
Um, I think another tagline, although we don't own this, we didn't start this, but I love it.
And I embrace it is that gaming is for everyone, period.
And I think that's a standard that we, uh, subscribe to here at OLR.
So yes, Act F says Loki is here and supportive.
Yes, Loki is awesome.
Loki is awesome.
On this show, Loki is awesome off this show.
I'm not going to inflate his ego too much, but Loki is amazing.
And OLR wouldn't be the same without him.
We all know that.
All right.
Um, you know, he's not LGBTQ, but nobody's perfect.
All right.
Sorry.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, all right.
Let's move on.
Uh, I think I said enough.
I I've gone on too many tangents from that story.
So let's go to the next one.
Dark Sakura.
So, um, Squinnix has some news for us.
Yay.
Well, actually we're going to be, um, getting more information about it on the
18th, but they are going to show some details on the next life is strange game.
Um, there's going to be a 40 minutes starting at 1 PM Eastern, um, to, you
know, go with all the upcoming games are going to be, um, and they're also talking
about an April 1st release date.
Um, also the game, uh, Outriders will be included with, with that conversation.
Interesting.
I think some people are blowing this way out of proportion because
Square Enix announced an event and now people are like, oh, they're
going to show final fantasy.
A lot of people are totally into life is strange.
And I think that it's definitely gonna, you know, raise some hype.
Oh, for sure.
Yeah.
People are super into that series.
There was a spinoff game too, that was in the, the lion.
I can't remember the name of it.
Somebody in shadow shouted out, I'm sure.
Um, and I imagine maybe, maybe because of the popularity of life is strange,
maybe Square Enix, maybe, maybe bolded underlined has other type of those like
narrative games maybe in process and who knows they could tie into other IPs, but
I'm, I'm, I'm setting these real like tinfoil hat, crazy expectations.
I don't think anyone should go into this with.
I think this is something for the life of strange fans.
I think, um, you know, people that are into the series will be very happy with this.
Other people should not expect things outside of that.
Outside of what dark soccer just mentioned with the
outsiders and all that stuff.
This is yeah.
Pretty much going to be a fairly specific type of release, if that makes sense.
So series of releases.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, because they're episodic games.
So there will certainly be probably three or five of them, just depending on how
many episodes they, they end up doing with that.
So, all right.
As soon as Matt Chat says Square Enix, it's totally not a direct event.
No, I think, I think your big news on other games, you know, obviously they've
been peppered other places like the Nintendo direct had a lot of Square Enix
news in it, PlayStation had a huge Square Enix news thing in it.
Um, but look, look for June.
You know, June is when they'll, they'll do another big update for E3.
I'm using my Cody fingers or whatever that turns out to look like.
So, all right, let's move on Loki.
All right.
Uh, so we've always heard so many stories of devs having to work
through not ideal conditions.
And here's some more stories about that.
So, uh, Capcom had their employees working at the office, um,
apparently after a cyber attack and also, um, in the office,
despite the COVID restrictions.
So apparently this is coming from a whistleblower report that claims
that the actual conditions for game developers at the company, uh, were
less than ideal and apparently Capcom had suffered a cyber attack with a
one terabyte of the employee and customer data stolen due to this attack.
Capcom wasn't able to safely have, uh, their external network secured
and have employees work remotely.
So in that case, they had idea to have them, uh, it says we're abandoning
the remote network for the time and have decided that there is no
choice, but to come to work.
And because of that, of course, folks were anxious, um, because of, you
know, distancing and everything may not be possible in that type of an
environment to be able to, um, you know, isolate yourself enough
without, you know, contaminating.
We've heard so many reports of different workplaces, you know,
having COVID spread through there.
But yeah, apparently, um, you know, they Capcom did respond saying, you
know, while there are none currently active within the company, employees
are free to form labor unions and Capcom strictly observes all relevant
laws and regulations regarding employees forming unions, Capcom is committed to
strictly observing all laws and regulations.
Wow.
That sounds like a lot of, uh, lawyer PRSP.
That's a very interesting statement.
I just, just the fact that they're like, go ahead, form a union.
Do it, do it, bitch.
Do it.
Well, cause cause there's been a lot of talk about the, these, um, employees
like in, in Gerald is forming a union because of the, um, to try to get
better working conditions.
So that it was kind of weird that that was the first thing that came to their
head when I'm talking about that stuff.
But yeah, I don't know.
It, it seems like, cause the punishment's not enough for these companies that
they're just going to go ahead and risk their employees because they see them as
just, you know, um, I'm surprised, I'm surprised we haven't seen an employee
who caught COVID Sue their employer.
Um, maybe, maybe it has happened.
I'm sure that it's probably happened.
I mean, especially in like, you know, these Amazon warehouses and stuff like
that, somebody, I mean, God, there's so many terrible working conditions with that.
I'm not saying, I'm not automatically saying, Oh, they should win.
And also I'm just saying, I'm surprised in this Sue happy U S of
a that we live in, we haven't seen, but you're right.
It probably has happened.
I'm just not paying enough attention, which is fair.
And then along with that though, we also had the developers of star citizen,
um, kind of fed up that they had to work during the, uh, that huge
snow storm that was in Texas.
And, um, apparently, you know, they were trying to juggle work and also,
um, you know, safety because, you know, a lot of the roads and everything were
closed and power outages and all that.
Um, basically, you know, there is a lot of, you know, issues with, you know,
just being able to safely travel and the fact that they're having to
come into work, um, is concerning.
Of course, CIG, uh, did come out and provide a statement saying our staff
safety and wellbeing are priority to us at all times.
And since the Austin offices, we had remained close to general staff since
the beginning of the pandemic, the teams working from home in the immediate
aftermath of the Texas storm, the studio leadership reached out to all 100 plus
employees through their managers individually, the offer support, of
course, you know, that doesn't really explain why they're coming into the
office.
Um, I don't know that stuff is dangerous.
I mean, lots of people die during that snow storm, just because of all the
power outages, not being able to stay warm and everything.
So I don't know why you would even risk it.
And during a pandemic, but again, it's Texas and they have the
whole state opening up.
So who knows?
Who knows?
Um, Bobby in chat, uh, with a good, uh, uh, follow up to what my, my question
I asked a lot about, um, suing employers.
Bobby says, uh, one of the things in the original economic relief bill that I
believe got taken out was to make companies not liable if their employees
caught COVID at work, it didn't make it in the final bill, but they tried.
And I was like, that's right.
I do remember that being, that being a thing, um, that they tried to put that
in there and thankfully it didn't go through.
I think in, you know, you gotta, you kind of walk a fine line.
This is an opinion, but I think especially in some of these cases that
Loki's pointing out, like, especially the star citizen thing, which isn't
even related to COVID, but like if your employer knowingly and willingly put
you in danger in a dangerous situation, um, and you have an injury because of
that, I kind of think like, you ought to have some type of legal recourse
through that, but that's my opinion.
And I get to have an opinion.
Um, so anyway, I just, I just can't believe a video game is worth that.
Cause you know, again, I didn't experience that Texas stuff firsthand,
but I had a lot of friends that did.
And, um, it sounded, it sounded horrible.
Like I don't really have any other word to describe it.
It just sounded horrible.
And I'm so sorry to my friends that had to go through that whole situation.
Um, and we can point the finger and we can blame all we want.
Um, but I'm not going to do that right now.
But what I am going to do is just express the frustration that
like a fricking video game.
Getting made was that important to put people's lives further
at risk in a horrible situation.
Yeah, that is crazy.
Yeah.
All right.
Disgusting is what it is.
It is.
Um, as Joan had a mat chat says, I work in live TV realm.
I have had to come into work during snow storms, hurricanes, whole city blackouts.
I was never forced to come into work per se, but you feel that employee politics
pressure, you bring up a very interesting point though, and I don't know how far
down this rabbit hole I want to go, but I think in certain industries, you know,
there's going to be certain risks and I think the world of live TV, and I only
say this because again, I don't work in live TV, but I did, I wanted to, at one
point I wanted to be a reporter, actually, I wanted to be a weatherman and I interned
at a CBS station for a little while.
And they got to talk to a lot of reporters about their lives and so forth.
And I sort of think like if I had, and maybe part of the reason I didn't go into
that life was because there were certain things about it maybe I wasn't really
willing to go for, you know, like the excitement of, and I mean the excitement
of finding a dead body because it's going to make a big story that, that, that whole
experience still to this day sits really weird with me and I'm not sure that was
really for me.
And again, I'm not, I mean, look, look, people watch it.
I understand that's the industry and that's not your industry, Matt, that
brought that up, but like it's just, there's certain things you kind of know
you're gonna put up with to be in certain areas.
Making video games and risking your life for it is not one of them.
But like if you go into the field to be a TV reporter, you probably know they're
going to send you to the middle of a hurricane too, right?
Cause right, right.
When you turn on CNN or whatever it is you watch in one of those hurricanes,
there's always some poor reporter there that looks like they're about to blow
away, you know, because they, you got, you got to see it firsthand, right?
So anyway, yeah.
Um, SHO 100, Matt in chat says, exactly.
You kind of accept that risk and they kind of put that risk in front of you.
Yeah.
So it's, it's crazy stuff.
All right.
Anyway, sorry.
We're, we're a little far down the rabbit hole.
I want to move on, keep the show moving.
Uh, let's talk.
Well, what rabbit holes don't we go down?
Right.
Another intersect.
What other, uh, analogies do I have to call tangents on this show?
All right.
Uh, anyhow.
Yeah.
As that in chat says, you have to decide where your line is in safety and
mortality.
Okay.
Yeah.
Or, and morally, I'm sorry.
Safety and morally.
Y'all ready for another tangent?
Y'all ready?
I got one.
Okay.
So because Alan's been doing more streaming, sometimes I'll let him have the
office to himself.
And one thing, Hey Dan, one thing that I've been, one thing that I've been getting
into while I, he is doing streaming, I have started becoming that person that
really enjoys watching documentaries on Netflix.
Um, I watched a murder among the Mormons.
That was pretty good.
Uh, and I just watched the four part Jeffrey Epstein documentary, which there's
a lot I could say about that documentary and just how, how mad I just was, how
mad, anyway, that's not the tangent I want to take inhale, exhale, but part of
that documentary was that they had a pretty extensive interview with one of
the defense lawyers for Jeffrey Epstein, who of course is one of the well-known
gets paid a lot of fucking money because that's what he does.
And he talked about very frankly, in this documentary, when you agree to be a
defense lawyer, you are agreeing to these sorts of things.
You are out there looking for the best interest of your client and dah, dah, dah,
dah, dah.
And he said these in a very like matter of fact way.
And you know, and as that's comment made me think of this, um, the, the whole, uh,
you have to choose what you do ethically and morally, because I'm looking at this
guy going, this guy you're defending is an absolute total fucking piece of shit.
How are you okay with that?
How are you okay with that?
But every, everybody draws the line where they're okay with it.
Anyway, sorry.
I said no more tangents and then took a big one, but I had to get that off my
chat. You did it chat.
It's your fault.
It's chat's fault.
They say things and then they make me think things that I have to say in this
microphone.
All right, let's move on.
Oh, I have the next story.
Hurry.
Um, let's talk about Bamani.
We haven't done that on this show in a long time.
Let's talk about Bamani, um, because it's still going.
There are, of course, you know, we know there's new 2DX styles happening and
things like that.
And Bamani is entering an interesting new space.
Um, Konami is going to be releasing a new rhythm game in the Bamani series called
Beat Arena.
What makes this game special?
It is a Oculus Quest and Oculus 2 games.
So it is Konami's first VR music game.
Now, of course, VR music games have been done, right?
Beat Saber.
Hello.
We all know that one.
Um, Attica by Harmonix, pretty good.
I liked that one a lot too, and there's plenty of others as well.
So it is interesting, which unfortunately, I love tangent.
Having done this show for 18 years, we see Konami do this too often, right?
Like in case in point, Rock Revolution.
Oh, everybody else did the thing with the music game.
Guess we should finally show up to the party.
How fucking long has Beat Saber been out?
And just now Konami, oh, we're here.
Here's our product.
So Beat Arena is out.
But you know what?
Because Konami has its fans, because it is a Japanese made game.
And because of the fact it, it doesn't look like it's necessarily like a total,
like you're like in a band type of thing.
It doesn't look like it's just Beat Saber.
Like it does look like it's a little different and stuff.
You have like the notes that are flying at you.
And sometimes with the drums, it looks like you're hitting certain things.
So, but it does have a different style.
So I will give them that.
Like Rock Revolution was just like a knockoff of rock band success, even though,
yes, I completely realized and I will be the first to say Konami got to that table
first with Guitar Freaks and Drummania.
I almost said Guitar Hero.
Guitar Freaks and Drummania.
But they, they didn't do anything with it in the US.
And that was a missed opportunity, wasn't it?
And they, they, they fought to catch up for you.
They lost their own game because of it.
Anyway, so, so Beat Arena is now them entering the VR space.
I will say it does look kind of neat.
It is something I would enjoy to try out at some point.
You do get to pick guitar, bass, drums, or keyboards.
It is interesting.
It does kind of take that rock band thing, but it puts it in a VR space, which
is a little bit different.
And of course there are transplant songs from other Bimani titles.
So that's pretty cool.
So anyway, Oculus and Oculus Quest 2, it came out on March 12th.
So it's already out.
Maybe some of you have played it.
I'll check the chat in a minute.
See if any of you have comments.
Uh, Japanese and English, both available.
So that's pretty cool.
Um, right now though, they're saying it's only coming out in Japan and Asia.
They haven't said anything about a North American release.
I don't know why you would have English and then not.
But I, Konami does weird shit.
What can I say?
All right.
Anyhow, so that is Beat Arena.
And it's, it's nice to see Konami still doing Bimani home versions.
You want to go back to the earlier thing about, you know, the fan
wank idea of Sony doing more versions of Konami IPs.
You know, Konami or, uh, Sony's got a pretty good VR thing too.
They could do a version of this, but I doubt it'll happen.
All right.
Anyway, SSJ100Matt in chat says, Jason Enos could only do so much.
Konami didn't want to take that in that step.
Oh, I don't fault him.
I don't follow anybody in America.
He tried, he tried very hard.
He has, he was never the problem.
Nor was, um, there was a guy in Hawaii still wind.
There was a huge, and unfortunately he passed away some time ago, but, uh, he
was, he was a big reason why the ultra mix soundtracks on Xbox were so fucking
good was because of him and the risks he took with the series, they don't know
that word risk at Konami Japan, unfortunately.
At least they didn't a long time ago in the, I, well, I would say they
probably still don't know it, honestly.
All right.
Anyway.
Um, let's move on.
Let's go to a simpler time.
We're going to go, we're going to go back to a time when VR didn't exist.
You know what existed?
Bits and polygons.
It's the classic game of the week.
Early polygons.
Yes.
Early, early polygons for this week's title, which again, Dark Soccer, you're
so good at this, you picked a title where I'm like, how?
How has this never been a classic game?
How?
I asked myself the same thing.
I know.
I know.
So here you go.
Got you watch.
Ready?
Chat.
We're about to watch chat light up.
How, what, what this has never been picked before.
Here it is a classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she
thinks, Hey, you guys should, uh, show a little, put some respect on this title.
And, uh, it's a good one tonight.
Dark Soccer.
What is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is Ridge Racer.
So yeah.
How have I not done Ridge Racer?
I actually was thinking, Oh, I'll do R4.
I've done Ridge Racer before, so I'll do R4.
No, I haven't done Ridge Racer.
So how can I do R4 if I haven't done Ridge Racer?
So, um, Ridge Racer came out in 1993 in Japan and North America and 94 in Europe.
Um, it is a, uh, racing video game.
It was published by Namco and it was on the Namco system, 22 arcade system board
and ported to PlayStation in 1994.
And it is the first in the series.
Um, and basically as a game, you just have to get first place, you know, you even
have like your qualifying, I think this one didn't have the qualifying lap.
I'll have to double check again.
But anyway, um, one little notable thing is that the PlayStation version
let you use the Nejicon, which I love playing games with freaking Nejicon.
Um, so at any rate, uh, it took eight months to develop.
Um, and, uh, the game is actually, uh, inspired by a, uh, a trend
amongst Japanese car enthusiasts.
Um, and of course, uh, with the PlayStation one, it was a
launch title for the PlayStation.
Um, it was also re-released, uh, in PlayStation, the best in 97 and, uh,
the greatest hits and platinum one for North America and PAL respectively.
And it really was, I think one of the games that gave it, uh, an edge over
the Saturn, at least in the U S also, of course, with how terribly the Saturn
was handled for U S marketing, there is that, um, not honestly, keep in mind,
I worked at an arcade that we had both of those and I would almost always play
Ridge Racer over Daytona because I got really tired of the splash for Daytona.
Anyway.
Um, it, it, it was, I'd say a pretty significant game also in the racing game
genre, um, just because of what it's led to, I mean, I'll get into some of that
down the line, but anyway, for gameplay, you choose a course, you choose a car,
you choose a transmission, it's either automatic or six speed, uh, six speed
manual, and you choose a song.
So, um, some of the cars have a good top speed.
Others have greater acceleration or turning.
Some are balanced.
Um, and then the car, some of the cars are named after different Namco games,
like Silverlou, Mappy, Bosconian, uh, Nebulas Ray and Xevious.
So you can play in first person perspective, um, or on the PlayStation
one, you can do a third person perspective.
Um, like I said, you can use the Nejicon on the, uh, the PlayStation.
And here I am doing like the Nejicon motion.
Um, and so, uh, there's, uh, no damage from collisions.
They just slow you down a little bit.
There's a time limit.
You have to hit your checkpoints.
Um, so each course, uh, has four configurations of difficulty, novice,
intermediate, advanced, and trial.
Um, you, uh, you have, uh, 11 opponents except in the time trial
where you have only one, the greater the difficulty, the faster the cars.
And of course, time trial is the fastest.
Um, each race has three laps or two on the beginner course.
And when the race is won, you win the reversible course, um, and then
additional, uh, opponent in the time trial, the 13th racing, also known
as the devil car, the fastest car.
Um, and, uh, you get like, um, you also have on the PlayStation, a
mini version of Galaxian that you can play, uh, as the game loads.
Um, if, if you win the game, then you get eight additional cars, the
little game of Galaxian, and then eight additional cars are available.
And then, um, but you also though lose extra tracks.
You can only play six music tracks.
It's kind, it's kind of interesting.
The, the, uh, the game is actually mostly loaded into system memory.
You know, so sorry, just, I don't mean to interrupt, but
it came up a couple of weeks ago.
I think a lot on Bobby's show and we brought it up too.
It's interesting that that whole Galaxian loading mini game thing is like a patented
thing that Namco had for a long time.
I think their patent finally expired on it, but I thought that was kind of
interesting that like, that's why you didn't really see that outside of
Namco games is that games within the game on the loading screen.
This was that patent.
Yeah.
I mean, it's not clearly, this is not the only game that they've done that in.
I mean, so, um, at, uh, the JAMA 1992 amusement, amusement machine show,
that's a Japan amusement machinery manufacturers association.
Um, in 1992, Namco actually debuted a game called SIM drive.
Um, that was also for the system 22, um, arcade board.
Um, it was a sequel to Eunice roadster driving simulator with the Mazda MX-5.
Um, that was the simulation game.
Um, but they did it in, um, in 3d.
They stood out for the Goron shading and texture mapping.
Um, and it was very positively reviewed.
Um, but it didn't get a mass market release.
It had a limited release in Japan and it pretty much is the prototype for Ridge racer.
Um, so basically the development team was sort of, uh, under this title
time limit to complete their game before their rivals, um, quote, the
other company was in the same position.
Um, and it was supposed to be an F1 racing game, but then they, they took
it to talking about the mountain roads and the drifting and all of that,
which was, uh, you know, basically a big trend still, I think to this
day for Japanese car enthusiasts.
Um, so they had a game that would let you test different skills and
experience different speeds and master your drifting.
Um, and they weren't really worried that it wouldn't be received outside of Japan.
Uh, they were pretty sure that it was going to be a success everywhere.
So, um, they basically, instead of choosing cars that were already to be done, uh,
they tried to make their own specific cars.
Um, they really liked using the Nejicon for the PlayStation, because it would
give you tighter control over your vehicle.
Uh, they were concerned about loading times for the CD, uh, ROM, but then
they fixed that by having it loaded into the PlayStation memories.
And that's where the Galaxian play come through.
Um, and, uh, the, uh, the designer Sakagami, he included Galaxian because
he was also part of the Galaxian arcade team and wanted to honor his previous boss.
So, um, and then of course the, uh, the 13th, uh, 13th racing, that car,
um, was supposed to be a black car that no one had ever driven before.
And its nickname was the cockroach.
So, um, moving forward, uh, with that also, um, arcade system board, uh,
Ridge Racer was considered to be the, well, according to Namco, the
most realistic driving game ever.
Um, it was, it was very, very well received.
Um, now in particular, this is a little anecdote.
I had to retest for my driver's license after I had, uh, graduated high school
because I had something limiting me from being able to renew it at the time.
And honestly, it was Ridge Racer that I did some practice with.
Um, you know, I was more practicing on, you know, just braking and going and,
you know, and so actually I can, I can attribute a lot of things to Ridge Racer.
Actually I can, I can attribute a little bit of Ridge Racer
to passing my driving exam.
Wow.
I would think that that's not a great thing to do, but wow.
You know, it's weird.
What works for people it's different sometimes.
Well, this is the game that taught me how to slow down when I'm turning a corner.
True.
You know, and the, the physics in it, weren't really that bad at all.
I'd even say they had some pretty, uh, pretty good physics in the game.
I'm going to the music now.
Um, it was produced by, uh, um, Shinji Hosoe, um, with also contributions
from Nobuyoshi Sano and Ayako Saso.
Um, but they didn't have enough time to produce the tracks independently.
Um, but they ended up producing kind of that, that sort of fast paced
electronica and they wanted it to convey a fun feeling while they play.
And then, um, you know, they wanted to put energy or speed into it.
So, um, the soundtrack actually ended up being, uh, released as part of Namco
games, sound express volume 11 by Victor entertainment, and it has
remixes of all of those themes in it.
So, yeah, like I said, this was very, very well received.
Um, the Japanese, uh, magazine game machine listed it, uh, as, uh, uh,
as their most successful upright arcade game of the year in December, 1993.
Um, it was, I mean, all across the board, it was just lauded.
Um, GamePro said the PlayStation version was quote, a mere carbon copy of the
original, um, um, they thought it was brilliant loading it into the Ram,
instead of having all these loading screens, you know, trying to
load the next track or whatnot.
Um, it, uh, EGM was really fond of the gameplay and the music.
Um, you know, they said that there were some, uh, some downsides, like there are
only, uh, this is from Maxima magazine, um, that there was only one track and it
lacked the, uh, crash sequences from Daytona and, but the quote on here, but
everything else in the title is sheer class, um, very smooth, very, very well
playing, um, so looking over, uh, their aggregate score from gang rank, uh,
gang rankings, they, uh, the PlayStation version had an 81% overall, um, and, uh,
EGM gave it best driving game, uh, in 1995.
So, um, let's talk about a little bit of what's become of Ridge Racers.
So it actually was listed as one of the best games of all time by Game Informer
in 2001 and by Yahoo in 2005 and EGM in 2006, uh, and the Guinness book
of world records in 2008 and 2009.
So that's pretty notable.
Um, and of course there were many sequels, uh, there were also different
kinds of other releases for the first Ridge Racer, um, it, there were, um,
there was Ridge Racer full scale, which I have seen one of, and I
do not remember where I saw it.
Um, it was basically in, uh, the adapted Eunos Roadster.
You, and a passenger could sit with you in the car.
It's a Japanese right hand drive version of a Mazda MX-5.
Um, and then you have the wheel, the shift, you have the pedals for your
controls, and then you use an ignition speed to start the gauges were all
functional and these fans fans would blow, uh, air past you.
Um, real, realistic engine sounds, uh, and overhead speakers will play the music.
The PCB was under the, uh, the hood of the car.
Um, there was also, um, uh, Ridge Racer three screen edition, which is
also one I've seen a couple of times use multiple system, 22 boards.
Um, and so it was the game that gave you peripheral vision.
Um, then it was pocket racer, which is an SD version.
Uh, the cars kind of resemble the core OQ models.
Um, and it was only available in an upright cabinet version
and use Namco system 11.
It was actually released for children.
Um, they actually included something very similar to it in Ridge Racer
revolution, um, using those same cars under the name, pretty racer.
Uh, also known as buggy mode.
It was, uh, Ridge Racer turbo.
Um, basically it was included in R4, which is the best Ridge Racer game ever.
Um, and, uh, it had an extra disc with it that contained a version of Ridge
Racer called Ridge Racers turbo in North America Ridge Racer high spec demo in
Europe, um, and, uh, in Japan, it was also called Ridge Racer high spec version.
Um, it had improved graphics, ran 60 frames per second or 50 in PAL.
Um, as opposed to the original 30, I had vibration feedback and would let you use
the, um, cause you know, R4 came with the jog con if you got that bundle.
Um, you, uh, you have, uh, the white angel from Ridge Racer revolution in it.
In addition to 13th racing as an unlockable car.
Um, and you have, uh, a time attack mode where you have, uh, you just beat your
time with no opponent cars where time trials does have, uh, uh, another car.
Then there's the mobile versions.
So, um, there were mobile phone versions released and, uh, criticized
as being easy to master, but pretty impressive for what it was.
Um, and then there was, uh, in 2005, there was Ridge Racer 3D for mobile phones.
Um, and then of course, yeah.
And then of course there was Ridge Racer 3D for the 3DS, but I want to say that
that was actually a different game.
Yeah, it was a different game, had a lot more modes.
Um, and, uh, actually that version was, uh, ported to the Zeebo.
You have, have you heard of the Zeebo?
Um, the name sounds familiar, but I'm, I can't, I'm trying to picture it and I can't.
It was targeted mostly to Brazil and Mexico, um, as a, an interactive,
uh, entertainment and education device.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
So, um, but yeah, there was a version of Ridge Racer on that.
But there hasn't been one in a long time and that's kind of sad.
Yeah.
And, uh, at DEFT, it's called the Zeebo, Z-E-E-E-O.
It was in 2009 that they tried to release it or that they did release the game.
All right.
So, um, so yeah, uh, anyway, Ridge Racer, that's the one, uh, and now
I have the, the opening song from R4.
I mean, cause now it's also given us like one of our notable, um, uh,
mascots, um, uh, Reiko, who's become a, uh, you know, a definite, uh, face
for the, you know, the various, uh, uh, racing, uh, for the various, uh,
gosh, why can't I say the words for various Ridge Racer games?
Yeah.
So, um, you know, and honestly, it's so funny, like someone actually
redid the R4 opening and, uh, it doesn't quite look right.
Um, they tried to, you know, make it a little bit more upscale.
Um, but, uh, like for just a moment though, I'm trying to remember her
family name and I, my brain is blanking.
That's all right.
All right.
Nagase.
All right.
We should use the virtual idol and she's actually, um, been
used now in other things too.
So, and she has a sister in another game.
The whole big Namco family.
Yeah, she was used in, um, Anna Kournikova, smash court tennis and
professional baseball Famitsu, uh, Famista and Fantasia, Nari-kiri
Dungeon, Taiko no Tatsujin V.
She's a summon character or five, I should say, or V version, whatever.
Anyway.
All right.
Well, there it is.
Your classic game of the week Ridge Racer, which again, I don't know how
we've never talked about Ridge Racer on this show before, I mean, we've
talked about Ridge Racer, but not in the segment meant to talk about
great classic games, so I'm glad we took care of that on Pi Day.
So, uh, looking at chat over twitch.tv slash vlog network, DJ Rama S says,
now I want to play Ridge Racer.
Well, you, you know what?
That's a good way to spend Pi Day.
Have some Pi, play some Ridge Racer.
We still have our copy of Ridge Racer.
All right.
We're going to, uh, travel around and check out some rapid fire news.
Now, just a couple of quick headlines for you guys, starting with Loki.
Yes.
So we've been talking for a few weeks on how super Nintendo
world has been delayed in Japan.
Well, now it's going to be opening March 18th.
That's right.
This week in Japan, it will be open of course, with, um, you know, certain
guidelines, they're just, you know, trying to stay safe, but, uh, it is
finally open, so that's, that's exciting.
Um, uh, just a quick related tangent.
Cause I love those tonight.
Uh, Aria snark over from shaking and crying was actually at universal
studios, uh, yesterday, I think the one in, um, uh, I almost said Anaheim.
That's not true.
Actual Hollywood.
So universal studios, Hollywood.
Um, and she went in a, I thought this was very clever.
She went in a Bellatrix, uh, cosplay that had a mask.
So she actually had like a mass of tied in and she looked great.
Um, but anyway, uh, she said the point, oh, she's very crafty.
She sent a picture of, so she texted me a picture of Nintendo world in
progress at universal studios, Hollywood.
And you can see they have some of the green like scenery stuff up.
It's it's down in the lower lot area for those that have been there.
I, when I sent the picture, I was like, isn't that right where the
transformers ride is, but I guess my sense of direction is off, but you
can see like right in the foreground, the, I guess now Jurassic world ride.
Last time I was on, it was Jurassic park.
Is right there.
And then the Nintendo land looks like it's just a couple of steps past that.
So it's interesting kind of seeing the construction on that.
So I assume Hollywood's probably going to be next, uh, whenever they get around to it.
It might beat Orlando to it.
Yeah, I think it's maybe next year.
Yeah, maybe later this year.
Who knows?
Uh, Bobby Blackwell says super Nintendo world has been open for a while though.
Uh, they, they, um, they, uh, they had, uh, the, the press tour and they had
those events like where Miyamoto was going through it and they had a couple
of press events, but they had to delay the official opening because
the COVID numbers went back up.
I don't know if they did a soft opening or something, but this is
now the official official opening.
Um, but they, they had to delay it again.
Cause COVID started going back up in Japan.
All right.
Uh, yeah.
And a couple of people in chatter saying, uh, super Nintendo
world Orlando is slated for 2025.
Yeah.
I thought theirs was going to, it's, it's this weird thing where Hollywood's
actually going to get it before Orlando, which doesn't usually happen.
So hooray, I guess.
All right.
And speaking of, speaking of delays though, uh, we have the next expansion
to Borderlands three has now been delayed to April 8th and that's, uh, thankfully,
well, I should say you can thank that, uh, Texas snow storm for that.
Um, because of all the outages that they've had to, um, endure there.
So that's put them behind.
Okay.
But that's understandable, you know, as opposed to, uh, what we talked about
earlier, an actual, that's what a normal gaming company, like, sorry,
our product's gonna take longer or not.
You got to come in and, uh, hope you don't die on the way here.
Yeah, much better.
All right.
Dark soccer.
How about you?
Way yell, um, crash bandicoot four it's about time is coming, uh, to
the PC in a couple of weeks.
Um, it was on PS five X-Box series, uh, X S and switch
actually came out, uh, on the 12th.
Um, but it's coming to battle on it on March 26th.
So if you like crash, good for you, you can play it on your PC.
And then super Mario three D world, uh, Bowser's fury is considered the best
selling game during February, 2021 and kept the switch on top of everything.
So yes, Mario games sell, uh, sell their hardware sales increased.
Um, 121% um, over the year.
So they're up to 406 million dollars.
Wow.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the one thing that goes against a switch pro.
Why do they need a switch pro?
The one they got still selling.
Yes, but you know, the moment a switch pro comes out, they're going
to be selling even more of them.
Yeah.
But I'm like, you know, I was talking about with bravely default two earlier,
and I'm sure a lot of these other games that are coming, it's just like the
switch is getting to a point where it can't handle or the game makers want to go.
So I really hope the switch pro is in the cards for that reason, because, you
know, the switch might be hot right now, but without the games to keep it going,
it's going to, uh, going to falter off.
But of course we all know breath of the wild too is going to happen at some point.
You know, Nintendo has some aces up their sleeve for sure.
For sure.
I can't wait for breath of the wild too.
Oh, I get in line.
I want there to be more korok hunting so you can keep collecting their poop.
All right.
Uh, let's move on.
Let's get to, uh, our next, uh, world release dates segment here.
So, uh, Loki, let's talk about some things coming out a little sooner.
Uh, so we have kingdoms of Amalur re-reckoning on Nintendo switch.
Uh, we have, uh, Mundaun on PC, Mac Nintendo switch, PlayStation four,
PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series X RBI baseball 21 on PC.
Nintendo switch PlayStation four PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox
series X, uh, samurai showdown on Xbox series X, uh, saviors of Sapphire
wings and stranger of sword city revisited that's on PC and Nintendo
switch and subs the zombie in rebel without a pulse on Nintendo switch
PlayStation four and Xbox one we have in raise of the light on Nintendo
switch PlayStation four PlayStation five and Xbox one dark complete
edition on Nintendo switch, uh, caravan stories on Nintendo switch.
Gloria union twin fates in blue ocean F H D edition that's on
Nintendo switch iOS and Android.
Jack gene on Nintendo switch, the legend of heroes trails of cold
steel four on Nintendo switch, a Maglim Lord on Nintendo switch and
PlayStation four, and then also looks like we're getting, uh, Marvel's
adventures on PlayStation five and Xbox series X.
And last but not least, uh, we've got can't drive this on PC Nintendo
switch PlayStation four PlayStation five, Xbox one, Xbox series X, uh,
the plants versus zombies battle for neighbor Ville complete edition
on into the switch.
And finally root film on Nintendo switch and PlayStation four.
That's it.
All right.
Let's go over to Japan and check out, uh, some of the releases over there.
So, um, coming out on the Nintendo switch switch, Jack Jan, uh, is out,
uh, in Japan on the Nintendo switch, regular and limited edition, uh, the
legend of heroes trails of cold steel four, which I heard in the U S States
is also out in Japan this week.
We also have Maglam Lord, uh, and then go by train hashiro.
Yamanote lean, uh, is out this week, by the way, speaking of train games.
Wait, what?
Go by train hashiro.
Yama note.
I'm sorry.
I misread the word line.
It's just line.
Um, Yamanote.
Uh huh.
Okay.
Okay.
So anyway, um, so the train game in Japan, um, I, I said, why don't they
ever bring those over here?
They, that a train game I talked about last week, they are bringing over here.
Just a heads up.
I, it surprised me too, but they are bringing out an English version of that
over here.
I can't remember if it already came out or if it's coming out, but, uh, I
thought that was important to follow up with is that they are experimenting
and bringing some more of those games over here.
And I think that's kind of neat.
Uh, anyway, sorry, uh, distracted, but, um, that's happened to me a lot tonight.
Also out on the switch, uh, apex legends in Japan gets its switch release.
So check that out.
Um, and then going over to the PlayStation, of course, I closed my list
here.
So, um, dark soccer, why don't we go over to the UK real quick and then
we'll come back.
Okay.
So on the 16th, uh, for switch kingdoms of Amalur re reckoning on the 18th, we
have Marvel's Avengers for PlayStation hunting simulator two for PlayStation
on the 19th, we have plants versus zombies battle for the neighborville
complete edition on switch.
Also on switches, Hades limited edition on PlayStation.
We have can't drive this now.
Now can't touch.
This is going through my head on the 19th.
We have for switching PlayStation root film.
Um, also in the 19th, bow Babs mausoleum on switch.
And that is it.
Okay.
And I'm back on track to finish Japan.
Sorry about that.
Screw up on my part.
Uh, for the PlayStation five, we have, uh, Tom Clancy's rainbow six siege gets
its Japanese version this week.
That's again on the PlayStation five and on the PlayStation four, that Maglam
Lord game is also coming out, uh, this week on the 18th.
So those are the Japanese releases.
All right.
Let's get to some more stories.
Loki.
All right.
Uh, so this is very interesting, I should say.
So already like I FIFA ultimate team's been kind of shady as it is, you know,
with the whole loot box scenario with that, but now EA is actually
investigating claims that an employee has been selling rare items.
So being that they're working for the company, they got access to special
items that they're then pawning off, uh, for large sums of money.
So apparently this is coming from, um, you know, some, I don't know if it's
like from forums or whatnot, but basically saying, you know, showing
that there's all these items that are up for sale.
Like there's this, uh, post that was on Twitter saying, so we grind
trade open packs.
We can't touch these PIM players, but EA employees sell them to people
secretly for $1,700.
LOL.
I respect the grind, but my God.
So because this got, um, kind of exposed on social media under this EA
gate, um, hashtag these complaints that these different, um, FIFA icon or
prime icon moment players are there being sold for over a thousand dollars.
They're now doing some investigation to see doing that.
And you know, how, how this is happening.
And of course, FIFA put out a statement saying that we want to be clear.
This type of behavior is unacceptable.
And we, in no way could don't was alleged to have happened here.
We understand how this can create concern of unfair balance in the gaming
competition.
Um, yeah, but it's also shitty that you're selling these things in the
first place, but whatever.
I'm kind of surprised it took this long for a story like this to come out.
You know what I mean?
Uh, yeah, I completely agree.
I'm surprised that it's just now that we're seeing this, but I don't know.
I mean, not, not that it's good news, but in this age of like digital goods
being worth so much, I'm just kind of surprised nobody's tried to take
advantage of the system before, or at least I'm not recalling if it has
happened before.
So interesting.
Yeah.
All right.
So interesting.
Almost like that guy I heard on the news here that was stealing stuff out
of the Amazon warehouse while he was working there and then reselling it.
Unfortunately, crime crime happens even in the digital space.
That's for sure.
All right.
Let's talk about Pokemon go since I talk about that game a lot, but this
is interesting because you have one of the biggest mobile games out there
that's, uh, testing a pretty big change.
And that is being able to preview what might be in the eggs that you are
hatching because, uh, eggs are, I don't know, eggs are kind of like loot
boxes, but they're also not because they, you know, eggs drop everywhere.
Yeah.
It's the incubators that cost money.
And then you have to decide which you, although you do have the one, uh,
infinite incubator, but you know, that's not enough for some people.
Cause of course the game lets you hold nine eggs, but one, one eternal
incubator.
So if you want to have them all going at once, you got to buy some more or,
you know, sometimes they give away little freebies.
You know, there's a lot of, a lot of if thens and so forth, but, um, there's
been a call to really like be more transparent with the odds.
Although a lot of.
Like Reddit has the silph road Reddit, which is extremely helpful for
players of Pokemon go.
Um, and they do these big tests where they have a lot of people report
numbers and they kind of figure it out.
Like they figure out that like, this is the, this is the percentage of, uh,
what's in 5k eggs and this is what's in two case, but it looks like Niantic
is going to be a bit more transparent with that.
You won't have to wait for the silph road to do their experiments anymore.
So in some tweets, uh, from Niantic help, they have said that, uh, trainers
were excited to share that we're starting testing with a limited number
of trainers who will be able to see which Pokemon may hatch from eggs in
their inventory.
Um, it's not going to show you though, if a Pokemon is a shiny, it doesn't
show you odds on that.
Sorry, Shane, but it does show you the odds on what might actually be in it,
but you know what it doesn't let you do and what needs to happen.
It doesn't let you send an egg to the shredder.
That's been a big problem with the game.
If you have nine eggs and you don't want to hatch one of them, cause it
doesn't have what you want in it.
You can't send it to the omelet factory or whatever you want to do with the
egg.
You can't get it to go.
Oops.
I dropped it on the ground.
No, you cracked open.
No, you can't do that.
It's a, they, they did try to improve it a little bit where like the really
valuable eggs, the 12 K eggs and the ones that you get from adventure sync
and stuff, they go to like a holding.
They go to like an extra inventory where you can hold three more eggs, but
only those kinds of eggs.
It's, it's a little bit convoluted.
I just don't understand why you can't delete eggs, but it is what it is.
Um, anyway, uh, you will actually, apparently if you are in Germany or
Belgium, you can actually, I'm sorry, Germany and Belgium pass the laws that
they are, uh, kind of responding to here.
I don't know exactly where the trainers are that they can see these features
yet, but I'm sure it'll start to spread out more and more.
A lot of this stuff usually gets tested in places like Australia.
New Zealand is almost always Niantic's testing zone.
Um, but we'll see.
So.
Anyway, it should be noted that, uh, a Dutch court fined EA 10 million euros
over FIFA ultimate team packs.
And that, uh, was after a ban on loot boxes by the Dutch, uh, gambling
authority in 2018.
So these, uh, loot boxes are, um, uh, maybe going to be regulated to a thing
of the past.
We'll see.
And even though eggs aren't quite loot boxes, I just think Niantic doesn't
want to get caught up in that.
And honestly, people figure it out anyway, because it's self road.
So they might as well be transparent.
Uh, Shane is in chat and says, I gave up on eggs to be honest.
They never end up worth it.
And they hype up like the Pokemon that make a 1% hatch chance every event.
So why care?
You know, and that's maybe one reason they're also responding to it was that
whole issue with, was it denial or something that was in, uh, the eggs that
like wasn't showing up.
Even though his picture was all over the event and people were getting really
frustrated.
So maybe they're trying to be more transparent about that.
I don't know.
Anyway.
Um, let's see.
Um, as 200, Matt says, sending Pokemon to the professor equals a nice farm up
state where they can be free.
Nope.
Poke blender.
Where do you think, where do you think your candy comes from?
Uh, anyway, let's move on.
Uh, dark soccer.
So, uh, a game that I've absolutely made no, no secret that I love.
And I know that you love it too, Robin.
Look, I don't know if you played it.
Um, was everybody's gone to the rapture.
Well, um, I, I streamed it.
Oh, cool.
Yeah.
I remember that.
That's right.
That's right.
Yeah.
So it is basically a single player narrative game.
Um, so, uh, the, uh, the designer, um, of the game, Andrew Crenshaw, uh, he
was the lead designer for everybody's gone to the rapture is doing another
game called the magnificent truffle pigs.
And you basically go through the British countryside, looking for buried
treasure with a metal detector and you dig around and the only other person
you have to talk to is somebody on the other end of a walkie talkie.
Um, her name is Beth, uh, voiced by, uh, Lucy fish from safe house and another
Eden.
Um, but you, uh, but you have, you're trying to help her find things as well.
So it's definitely that narrative type of game.
Um, you know, they say it also has a little bit of, uh, a relation to fire
watch with just that, that calm aspect of it, the, the communicator aspect.
And I loved fire watch as well.
Firewatch was great.
So, um, this is actually the first game being released for Crenshaw's, uh,
studio thunked T H U N K apostrophe D backed by AMC games, um, which is a
video game publisher, um, for AMC networks.
Is that unfortunately, I think the company that made everybody's gone to
rapture developed, I don't think they're around anymore.
Don't quote me on that.
I might be confusing my companies too.
That's why I specified it was.
No, no, no, I know.
I know, but I just, that's why.
Yeah.
So, so, well, it definitely looks like this, the type of game I'd be into
playing, I thought that everybody's gone to the rapture was brilliant and
I'm looking for, for more.
Yeah.
I'll definitely check this game out too, just based on who's behind it for
sure.
Cause I really enjoyed, you know, all those games you mentioned, everybody's
gone to the rapture firewatch.
It's all good stuff.
All right.
All right.
Let's go just a few more stories to go and then we'll, uh, open it up to chat
to see if they have any questions in chat and see if we have any email
tonight.
Although sadly, I don't think we do, but, um, maybe I missed one.
Uh, anyway, so Loki, what do you have for us?
So DeNovo is, um, offering their anti-cheat middleware to, uh, PlayStation
five, because yes, that's what everybody's been asking for to be in their
games.
They, everyone loves DeNovo, right?
You know, on PC, no one ever complains that it breaks everything and just is
completely useless.
But yes, let's bring that and that anti-cheat, uh, technology to the
PlayStation five.
So it's not popular.
That's for sure.
Um, it's definitely, I hope it's better than their anti tamper software, but
it is something that they're allowing, you know, folks to license, to be able
to use in their PlayStation five titles.
Um, good luck with that because if your game has a stink of DeNovo on it, then
I don't know, you're going to be hurting.
I think the best part that sums us up, there was a comment on this story and
it's like, perfect.
It's we'd let, and you know, the quote is we'd like more PC experiences on
consoles, monkey paw activated.
I thought, I thought that was funny, but yeah, DeNovo sucks.
Uh, yeah.
And, um, I do, are they trying to do this because maybe they think like they
can be a little more transparent hidden with it.
If it's on PlayStation, like they don't have to advertise it.
It has DeNovo in it.
So maybe they kind of think it'll like sneak in there and maybe people won't
notice.
Um, well, apparently they haven't been too transparent with it because DeNovo
has already said that some PlayStation five games are already utilizing
anti-cheat through DeNovo, but they won't say which ones because of the stink
of DeNovo and that will cause people not to want to play those games.
Um, so chances are you already have it and you just don't know.
Yeah.
So don't they have tests for that?
Not for the, not for this one.
There's no DeNovo test.
So unfortunately not.
So, uh, yeah, there's another strike against PlayStation five, I guess for
now.
All right.
And, uh, our last story on record tonight is, uh, about the Game Boy
Advance.
Uh, yes, an old system.
Yeah.
Um, do you remember how they had those video cartridges for Game Boy
Advance?
Not the 3D, 3D thing that was later.
Although I don't even think they ever actually really did that except maybe
like dinosaur office and the things you can download.
But do you remember the Game Boy?
They had the Tekken movie.
Did they have the Tekken movie on Game Boy carts?
They had the Tekken movie on the 3DS.
It was in 3D.
Well, the Game Boy Advance cards, they were a lot smaller.
They could only hold about 20, 30 minutes of video.
So they had like SpongeBob episodes, uh, and like Pokemon episodes.
That was the type of stuff you got on Game Boy Advance cards.
It was very much a shut up while we're trying to drive somewhere type of
thing, entertain the kids in the back seat type of thing.
Since not everybody has a television installed in their car, at least not
back when the Game Boy Advance was a thing.
Well, somebody, because they can, decided to put Tenet on a Game Boy
Advance cards.
That's right.
The Christopher Nolan movie Tenet, which, and why did he do this?
Because Christopher Nolan said you have to enjoy it in cinema, even though
there's a pandemic going on right now.
This is a film whose image and sound really needs to be enjoyed in your
theaters on the big screen.
So YouTube, YouTuber Bob Wolf decided, fuck that, and put it on the Game Boy
Advance.
Loki, you went, you went and saw Tenet during that like gap where the
theaters open, right?
So I did, yeah, I did see it in the cinema and their sound balancing is
just crap in that movie.
Like it, it's just awful.
Awful, awful.
So, so in the, in a similarity to the world of, you know, three and a half
inch floppy disks, this movie is spread across five cartridges because of
the limits of what it will hold.
The guy made custom labels for it, which I think is really funny, but then
to actually get the movie to fit on the cartridges, the resolution is down
to 192 by 128.
That 128p power, six frames a second.
So not, not 60, six and a whopping eight kilobyte bit rate.
So it's, it's like watching real video, um, of a movie.
If you want to throw it back a little bit, it's basically what you're looking
at there.
Uh, so it's definitely not IMAX, uh, definitely not the way, uh, the director
wanted you to see it.
Uh, and no, no word on how it sounded, although I'm sure it was kind of
garbage.
So, um, there you go.
If you want to check out the YouTubes on it again, the YouTuber's name is Bob
Wolf, W-U-L-F-F.
And I do, I do applaud the idea of doing things.
Why not?
Just because I get, because this guy said it's the only way to watch it.
Uh-uh, I'm going to do it my own way.
Now we need to have the AI upscale that, bringing it up to 60 FPS as well.
What, what horrible abomination that becomes.
I want to, I want a Game Boy Advance cartridge of OLR clips.
Obviously we can't, but a whole show of OLR would take like eight cartridges,
but we can put clips together on a cartridge, go through the Twitch library
and have OLR clips on a Game Boy Advance cartridge.
I like that idea.
Anyway, uh, Orange Right points out, hey, they did actually put Shrek and
Shark Tale on one Game Boy Advance cartridge.
Very much compressed.
Yeah, I bet.
I bet.
Uh, DJ Roma asks, uh, is real media still a thing?
That's a good question.
I would assume they got bought or something.
I think they've been gone for an age.
I think so too.
Um, uh, Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, I have a home theater and I just want
to watch it on a Game Boy Advance.
Uh, Sia Tabiri suggests they should reshoot it on a Game Boy camera.
Oh, I like that idea.
Making movies on a Game Boy camera.
Brilliant.
All right.
That's it for all of the stories we had, uh, slotted tonight.
However, we do want to open it up to the listener round table.
If you guys have any questions or comments in chat over at twitch.tv
slash vog network, that's twitch.tv slash VOG network.
Um, then you guys can ask questions away there.
We would also during this point of the show, check on our emails every week.
You guys maybe send us emails to participate at orange lounge, radio.com.
And we read our favorites on air.
However, unfortunately.
You failed us.
You did not send us any emails this week, so I can ask Rob.
Yes.
I can ask dark soccer about drag race, even though I've barely been watching.
I caught up.
Um, oh, did you?
Yeah, I don't.
Did you see the last episode?
Cause I don't want to spoil it.
I well, don't spoil it for the listeners anyway, but I am aware of what happened.
I'm pissed.
Yeah.
A lot of people are saying, I still think the winner has been obvious since the very first
episode.
Um, but I don't, I don't think it is.
I think it's Simone.
I think it's got Nick, but I think, I think that is the final two for sure.
I think it's Simone and got make it the final two for sure.
So who knows?
I'm actually really happy with Simone, but I think that got Nick has.
A different kind of artistry.
Mm hmm.
And, uh, I mean, I actually thought that got Nick and, uh, candy should have won the, uh,
the, the challenge.
Um, so speaking of like video games, I can actually tie a drag race to video games.
I actually retweeted Simone dressed up as, uh, Jesse from team rocket.
And so I did not know Simone was a bit of a gamer, but, uh, that was the thing she posted
on, uh, uh, social media today.
So I was like, Oh, my queen, even though I, I, I, I, I want them all to be successful.
You know, there it's a, it's a good group.
They have this year.
I'll tell you what, I don't hate candy muse anymore.
Yeah.
She's I she's, she's there for a reason.
Gotten to be a lot better of a person and definitely isn't like silky who was just annoying.
I'm looking at chat, uh, quickly.
Cause, uh, there's a followup to the real media thing that came up.
Real media still exists says Bobby Blackwell for the link.
Uh, looks like real networks works mostly with streaming services.
So maybe they kind of facilitate, um, streaming at this point now, which is kind of what they
were doing before, but they're not so much like the go-to destination to see the streaming stuff,
um, that other websites like Twitch have become so interesting.
I had no idea real networks was still around.
Well, congrats.
Isn't life 365 back to like, they, they sunset it and then they like came back, I think,
but I'm not sure they're exactly what they were before.
I'm double checking.
I thought that was their website is up.
Yeah.
But are they still like radio stations and stuff or internet radio program?
Real people and not an algorithm.
Wow.
So they came back.
Cause I, I re I remember, yeah, it was 2016.
I'm looking real quick.
Uh, it was in 2016.
They stopped.
And I remember we had a whole thing where we were like, pour one out for life 365, where
it all began end of an era and all that stuff.
Uh, it looks like, okay, so in 2018, they reorganized under media Creek and they are
back in the U S Canada and United Kingdom.
Interesting.
Well, good, good for them.
That's where we got our start.
Hey.
Yeah.
And yeah, they have like two different models.
One's ad supported and the other's non ad supported.
Oh, I think that's kind of how it worked before actually very similar.
Cause I remember, yeah, you could have, we had two streams.
One was the ad supported stream.
One was the, because they would be on different songs depending on where the listener was
at.
It was always weird, but yeah, apparently you can't monetize them.
Oh, interesting.
Unless, okay.
So if you put their ads on there, you can monetize.
Oh, of course.
Of course.
Uh, who, who was there?
Who in chat was there?
Who remembers the orange lounge radio station on life 365?
Who is there in chat?
I'm kind of curious how many are still around from those days.
Our dial up friendly radio station.
Yeah.
That you could, that was the thing, that was, that was one of the big things that
differentiated us from DDR free radio at the time.
DDR free radio was broadband only.
We were dial up friendly radio.
So it was doing, you know, cause we, we were doing this before podcasting existed.
Right.
And I, so many friends that I have now, I made through the early days of the show.
So, oh, for sure.
There's a lot of you in chat that are like, me, me, me, me.
Hell yeah.
So, well, thanks.
Thank you guys for sticking with us through all these years.
It really does mean a lot.
And, uh, I think it's, I think it's really cool that, uh, yeah, that we have, you know,
transformed the show.
Here we are now doing a video thing on Twitch.
I don't think we ever thought this would be a video show ever.
You know, it's crazy.
And now how long did it take you to get me on video?
A pandemic, which, which even still I was like, you could just be on Discord and not
point the camera at like a doll or something or a stuffed animal.
But, um, I'm, I'm, I'm so glad you've decided to jump in and maybe this means once we're
all back together, we can all be on cam, which would be fantastic.
So I still like putting random things up in front of the camera.
That's kind of funny.
Yeah, yeah.
So that's, that's fun.
Um, what else is I going to say about all the old school days and all that stuff?
Oh, and the, the long running podcast stuff.
So yeah, I, you know, we, we do have that one little claim is that we're the longest
running gaming show out there because the life through 65 years kind of added some time
to this show that nobody else is able to get, you know, a lot of Guinness thing, a lot of
the long running shows out there.
And again, this is not a knock to any of those shows.
They, everybody has worked very hard and I'm all about supporting other indie shows and
you should be listening to all these other great shows that have been around forever.
Um, but, uh, the one, the reason why we're able to kind of say, oh, we got about a year
and a half on everybody else is because we were on life through 65 before podcasting
was a thing.
And then, but we jumped, we jumped on podcasting pretty quick with that whole to go edition.
It still wasn't in iTunes.
We were still doing a podcast before iTunes.
So I think the, uh, random message for him, I was reading that clued me in on that.
Uh, DJ Rama S in chat.
And by the way, this is the part of the show.
If you want us to do tangents now, this is the time to yell them out and chat.
So go for it.
Uh, such as this one, uh, DJ Rama S says, remember O L R at Fanta Mae.
I sure, I sure do.
The question wasn't for me, but I sure do.
Of course.
I'm sure dark soccer and Loki remember that I love doing the live shows.
I wish we had had a chance to do more of them.
Sometimes it's just hard to get us all together.
I would love for all three of us to go to dragon con and do a show there, but I know
the reality is it's going to be hard for Loki to get away from the kids for that amount
of time.
I would still want to do it, but I'm definitely going next year because we're going to have
the layout army.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And this year we still, you know, dragon con is still kind of like up in the air as it
is.
We ju we just don't know the period.
We're not going to know until that.
What was it?
60, 90 days.
So I think 60 days before we're just not going to know, just like last year, I think it was
around the 4th of July.
Right.
We found we're not going to know till then and whatever, but I think it is better to
bank on next year.
Probably just 60 days.
Yeah.
Next year there will be, you know, and that's a good one to bank on Loki.
I'd love it if you could come, but I understand he has kids.
I would still love it if I could come too.
You know, we can always, there is still, you know, dark soccer, if you're going to be there,
there's a couple of ways we can do it.
We can always allow Bobby Black Wolf to have third chair because he's a big part of this
show, but Loki is a part of this show too.
So I would think we should just, and I think they did this one year.
They had their co-host come in via Skype, but they had a lot of issues with it, but
I think they've ironed a lot of that out.
So Loki may, I'm not going to promise anything, especially when it's not my track, not my
programming, but if we wanted to do that, since dark soccer and I will both be there,
we could probably Skype Loki in or something like that.
The only thing for you, Loki, is that it might be at like 7 AM.
You're tight.
It just depends on what time slot they give us.
And it's going to be three hours earlier for you, but we could probably work it out.
So.
Yeah.
So, you know, it comes, but I miss conventions in general.
I just, I've wanted to attend more medium sized cons and actually have like a vog network
table there.
Cause I think that's the best way to get word of mouth out there.
Did anybody find us through a con or finding us IRL?
I don't know.
Maybe not so many.
I'm not recognizing a lot of names where I remember that, but.
Well, I, uh, I invited, uh, Nika in here to join us through our, uh, supernatural chat
group.
Well, yeah.
And social media is a huge, that's why I always say at the end of every show, help us spread
the word, a tweet, uh, sharing like that goes an awful long way and you never know, you
know, who might benefit from finding this show.
So welcome.
Welcome.
Yeah.
And, but I mean, I've had a few people who, uh, you know, like, just like friends who
have said, Oh yeah, I downloaded the podcast to check it out, you know?
So a few, a few IRLs.
Do you know what I did yesterday that I haven't done?
And maybe I shouldn't even say this on air because there's going to be a very logical
follow-up question that I don't want to answer on air, but yesterday for the first time in
six years, I actually looked at our stats.
I swear.
And people don't believe me when I say this, I was, um, I, I was in there just because
I could be, I was like, you know, I haven't looked at this in a long, long time.
I'm curious, how many downloads is the show getting?
And so I got the answer to that question.
Um, and I will say, I, I'm not going to tell you, sorry.
Those are, that's just our business, but I'll get, I'm well, I'll tell you guys off air,
but, um, I'll give you a twofold answer.
It's not as big as it used to be, but it's higher than I thought it was.
There's a lot of people out there who I think are lurking, who listen that don't
interact and that's okay.
I'm not, this isn't, this isn't a call out tweet or anything like that as perfectly.
Okay.
We love and appreciate you guys too.
The silent observers, you guys rule.
Um, but, uh, yeah, it's, I, I'm always kind of, when I see it, I'm like, oh, that is more
than I thought because, you know, we get, you know, 40 people, maybe max here live on
a Sunday night.
And so I think, oh, maybe there's another 40 to listen on the podcast feed.
And no, it's, it's, uh, it's actually doing a little bit better than that.
So that's, uh, there's that.
Bobby Blackoff in chat says, I still have so many VOG flyers, lol.
And the sad thing is they're all out of date now because so many shows have sunsetted,
gone to another network, um, you know, or whatever the case may be.
We really still need to like build an army of shows, but I just don't see that really
happening in force until we get to the other side of this pandemic.
And we can talk about who wants to join up to go to cons together and spread the word
and do that whole thing again.
So soon, soon.
Oh, one of our lurkers said hi.
Hey, y'all, I said it wasn't a call out tweet, but thank you.
Mr. Rhizos in chat says lurker here, but love the show.
Well, thank you very much for that.
And lurk all you want.
Just the fact that people, just the fact that people give a shit on what we have to say
and don't, um, unsubscribe the minute I go on a tangent and talk about something that's
not video games, which I may have done once or twice tonight.
Um, it wouldn't be a show without a tangent.
It wouldn't.
How do you do a three hour show about video games?
It's not just about video games, actually.
The secret is weird stuff on my desk.
All right.
By the way, I'm just putting it all on camera because of reasons.
Let me check in with Loki and see if he has any last minute stories for us tonight.
No, this is an incredibly slow week.
It was.
It was kind of a slow week.
So, um, all right.
Well, no last minute stories there.
All my Mario news that we never got.
So, yeah.
Yeah.
What's that about?
Or were we expecting stuff on March 10th or what?
Well, it's Mario day.
Like last year, I think they showed off, uh, some of the Lego Mario stuff.
Um, yeah, nothing this year.
All right.
And still no word on the, um, year of Zelda everybody was hoping for, which is very sad,
but maybe there's something about that March 31st date.
You know, the new fiscal year where, you know, cause they still plan on no more 3d all star
thing, no more, uh, uh, Mario 35 and all that stuff.
That's all going away.
They already, they already got my money.
So sucker.
All right.
No, it's my kids wanted it.
Uh, it's hard to say no in that case.
All right.
Uh, that's it.
Uh, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts and then we'll be on our way out of here.
So, um, I, uh, Oh, I should say, as I always say at the end of every show,
thank you so much for downloading our show or listening to us live.
However, you consumed OLR, whether you were very, very vocal and chatted a lot,
uh, or if you were just lurking out there, thank you so much for participating with our
show tonight.
We really appreciate you guys being here.
Um, if you enjoyed what you heard here at OLR, uh, help us spread the word, tell a friend
or two about the show.
Cause as dark soccer pointed out a moment ago, social media is very powerful in spreading
the word.
So we really appreciate the tweets.
And I actually saw a couple of really kind tweets this week.
I try to reply to those when I see them or at least like them.
Um, so thank you so much to those of you that are spreading the word about OLR out there.
Um, uh, a host here on a Twitch for VOG network that goes a long, long way.
Even if you don't stream a lot yourself, it still helps us get the word out.
So we appreciate all those auto hosts.
So, um, okay.
So, um, that is, um, gonna otherwise I think, oh, if you, um, want to help the show out,
like with money, we appreciate the bits and subs and all that.
You don't have to, but we're just saying we really appreciate it.
And the shop of vognetwork.com slash shop.
If you want to get some merchandise, but again, please don't feel obligated.
It's just for the way that we get a new merchandise in the shop.
Soon.
Trademark.
All right.
Um, let us wrap it up with our final thoughts tonight.
So, uh, dark Sakura, I'll start with you.
You're, you're showing all the stuff off on cam there.
What's your final thought tonight?
Um, I found a bunch of my Instax photos from Easter two years ago with the sisters and
my Disneyland pictures, uh, from the last, uh, dry con I attended.
Including, and I don't know why I can never remember his name, but the, the, um,
uh, yeah, but I also found my, my picture of James St. James that he basically was like,
let's take a picture together.
Grab photo.
Love it.
Yeah.
He was pretty cool dude.
Pretty nice.
Nice.
All right.
Uh, how about Loki?
Your final thought tonight?
I'm still trying to locate some buddy to be able to do a label printing and if box packaging,
I don't even know where to find that.
It may be just labeled printing.
And then they have, they have some other alternatives that are more rental case than
cardboard box, but it may have to go with that.
I, I may have some hookups from my printing days.
All right.
And I was also going to say, get in touch with the game developers, people here locally,
because, um, they, they will have all those same questions too.
So there's a couple of, there's a couple of print shops in town that will do like the
actual like boxes to specification.
You just need to have the template ready high res, but we can talk about that offline.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um, and then my final thought tonight is when you can get your VAX, get your VAX.
Look, I got, I got, I got my, I got my microchip quote using my quotey fingers,
tongue firmly planted in cheek today.
And I'm, I'm fine and I'm here and I'm excited.
So I'm excited when everybody else is able to get theirs as well.
Um, hopefully we really do get to the end of this thing.
All right.
Uh, that is going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for being here.
Uh, we will see you in seven days.
Let's do it all again for 861.
We'll see you next week.
Bye everybody.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com,
Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
