Any act of creation at scale is a strange beast. Businesses often prioritize so much
time and effort into quote big wins that they overlook the small fixes that can add up to
a more significant win. Toast, a Grand Theft Auto player, not a Rockstar employee, having
no access to GTA source code, diagnosed and implemented a change that improved PC load
times by 70% of a multiple minutes long process. This wasn't worth the time of Rockstar employees?
At least they did write and made it worth Host's time and effort.
This is the update to a fantastic story. Join your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers and
Loki for more of this and the rest of the week's gaming news, starting right now in
the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are live once again with
episode number 861 for this March the 21st of 2021. My name is Rob Roberts and I'm joining
you here from the studio where we would usually tape in person, but obviously with everything
going on in the world for the past year now, we have been taping thanks to the magic of
Discord. So I am joined remotely by the one and only DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm all right. It's, uh, I pulled my shoulder or something.
Ouch. I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah, that's okay. That's what drugs are for.
And you have a nice new, um, well, it's kind of new setup. I know you got a new...
Oh, I have a super new setup.
Yeah. And your camera looks a little like it's weird because you didn't change your
camera, but it still looks nicer somehow.
Yeah. Well, um, my, my old, what, 12 year? No, it was a little bit less than that. Maybe
10 year old PC has now been replaced with a shiny new Mac Mini M1 and it is super fast.
I was playing in Logic Pro earlier today, making music. Um, I also, uh, got one of those
LG, uh, HD, uh, ultrawide monitors with a very lovely refresh rate on it. Um, and, uh,
so far I'm really feeling no pain. I love my new machine. Um, I think that it processes
now people are saying that I sound a little bit quieter, but, um, I think though that
I'm dealing with a system that's going to work better for sound processing. So, and
I did do some audio balancing tonight. So those listening either live or on the podcast
feed may notice our volume is a little different. Cause even I noticed on some prior episodes,
I was way quieter than like Loki. So like I, I tried to balance some things out with
you getting the new setup. So it might just take a little bit of adjusting too.
I just moved my mic a little bit to where I'm actually speaking into it. So, um, well,
and I have the same mold, cheap ring light I got on wish an age ago and which does well
enough. Hey, whatever works. But I mean, this is the setup that I wanted from the get go.
You know, I, I really like my, my audio technical mic and I finally have my pop filter problem
figured out. And you know, I just need, I needed this computer. I still have my PC.
I'm just trying to decide what I'm going to do when mass effects comes out. If they don't
do a Mac version. Now quickly, before I move on to Loki, I did want to mention you texted
me when you got your new setup because you had to send me your background on your new
like ultra widescreen monitor and it's perfect. I wish you could show it, but obviously it's
going to be hard to do with the camera, but describe your new background for folks.
It is, it is, uh, the scene from super Metroid where the, uh, scientists are dead in the
Metroid is sitting inside the little tube in the center, but it's a widescreen version
of it. So I reckon they just took different screenshots and splice them together. And
if you guys remember the title screen to super Metroid, you'll kind of laugh at this because,
um, dark soccer called me earlier today so we could do a check and she didn't have a
ring light on because you know, when we're not live, we can be like a glance, not glamorous.
And I was like, you, you sound fine, but you look blue and it's because her background
with that Metroid, you know, it's very blue and super Metroid, if you remember, right.
And she's like, if my background is glowing on me, I was like, Oh, that's funny. Cause
you look like you just got out of the movie avatar. So I'll turn off my ring light. So,
so maybe it'll show. Okay. A little, yeah, it's just, you're a little purple when you
do that. Yes. A little bit, girl, look how blue you look. All right. Let's say wearing
a blue shirt. Let's say hello to tech master. Loki. Hey, Loki. Hey, how's it going? Good.
How are you? I'm doing fine. So, um, apparently, uh, I was talking a little bit last week about
getting the first shot of Moderna vaccine because that had happened earlier in the day.
And I never really had any side effects besides the sore arm, but I heard that you got your
shot in the last couple of days. Yeah. So I got the Johnson and Johnson shot on Friday.
So that one, unlike the Moderna and the Pfizer one are it's one and done. So I'm done. Well,
tech, technically you have to wait two weeks. So the antibodies to build up, but yes, for
all intents and purposes, you're done. So, um, so you're going to be, you're going to
be, so I, I did your wife get the same one. Yeah, she did. Cause I know when she saw me
getting mine, she was like, I've been trying to get mine for what's going on, you know,
that whole type of thing. But now the funny thing is you guys are going to be fully immunized
before I am, because I have to wait till April 11th to get the second shot because of the
whole Johnson and Johnson thing. So, um, but that's, you know, and again, don't, uh, if
you can get vaccinated folks and I see, I'm seeing more people on Facebook talking about
it. I'm seeing more people on Twitter talking about it. I'm seeing people in chat talking
about it. So it's great that more people are getting their shots. If you're getting frustrated
because you can't get a vaccine yet, cause you don't qualify or whatever. I wouldn't
keep, keep this in the back of your mind. Every person that gets vaccinated is one more
weapon against the virus because that's one less person that the virus can get to. So
every person that gets vaccinated is help. So, uh, think of it that way. And it makes
it a lot less frustrating and it's, it's nice to see that it is ramping up. That's for sure.
Compared to where we were like back in January. Um, and yeah, they opened it up to everybody
like literally days after, like they told my wife, no, you can't get it. It was like
the next day they're all, Oh, you can't get it, but now you can. So well, it's still officially
not open to everybody. It's uh, right now that I think they're on tier one C. So it
might also just depend on where you go. That's true. But I got, because I have some preexisting
conditions. I got my alert through, uh, your turn, which is the California signup deal
for it. And so, um, now I know mine's one of the, the two, two shot ones cause it said
so on the website. I just don't know which one. So, well, and I was, I was laughing right
before we went on air tonight because if I got Moderna and Loki got Johnson and Johnson,
it would be really funny if dark soccer got Pfizer, although at the end of the day she
should take whatever they give her. But, uh, okay. It's, it's, it's half, it's half
and half now. We know it's, since it's going to be a two shot one, we know it's not J and
J so it's going to be one of the others. That would be really funny if each cohost here
had a different vaccine. That would be very, very funny. And then we would only allow guests
from overseas who got AstraZeneca.
It's just fun to say that though. It is. Well, and apparently I guess I heard the thing cause
they haven't authorized that one in the U S yet, even though I think they're using it
in Europe, but apparently they were like warehousing a bunch of that vaccine here.
We will get to video games, I promise. But this stuff is interesting because this stuff
is how we get conventions back. The AstraZeneca, I guess we were hoarding it here for when
they do authorize it. But they ended up sending a bunch of it, I guess, to Canada and Mexico
where it is authorized. So kind of interesting. So helping, helping to get the world vaccinated
a little more. So, all right. And some folks in chat are talking about the vaccines they
got. So DJ Rama S says, I got Pfizer and Bobby got Pfizer and says, Joe and Matt got
Pfizer. All right, fair enough. I mean, our, our chat room, as we often say, is the fourth
listener of our show because we do tape live every Sunday night at the voice of geeks network,
twitch.tv slash VOG network or VOG network, six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show. So if a dark soccer ends up getting Moderna too,
then fine. Our chat room completes the Trinity there. So there we go. All right. Black and
Pat in chat says, I got sheet because Florida fingers because of Dolly. I know, I know.
And I think I said this last week, I really wouldn't have cared which of the three they
gave me. It was a huge relief just to get the vaccine. But the fact that I did get the
Dolly vaccine is like, okay, this does feel correct. Like I'm, I'm more than okay with
this. So we've been blessed by St. Dolly. That's right. That's right. All right. I,
it is a video game show. So let's talk about some video games. Let's talk about some big
news going on in the gaming world. Last week, we had the whole, um, Bethesda, um, getting
bought by Microsoft, which honestly it started months before it's just was official last
week. And then we saw, uh, quite quickly, some of the, uh, bang for the buck, shall
we say with the, you know, 20 Bethesda games on game pass. Uh, and you know, some of the
other stuff that we got there, their little fireside chat. So there was a big question
last week. All right. Who's Sony gonna buy? Who's Nintendo gonna buy and lo and behold,
Sony bought someone this week, but I would bet this was on no one shortlist, right? Loki,
what happened? Yeah. So they purchased, uh, Evo or I guess the evolution and championship
series known as Evo. So now that is going to be, I guess, under their arm, which doesn't
really make sense to me because Sony doesn't really have any first party fighting games.
I get it that there's a lot of fighting aids that are exclude. Well, they, you know, maybe
either it's timed exclusives or whatever on the platforms, but I guess this is, I don't
know how this necessarily works as far as partnerships go, but maybe I, I don't know.
But apparently though the original co-founders are going to be staying on as key advisors.
Um, doesn't sound like there's going to be too many changes as far as that goes aside
from it being under Sony's ownership. So, you know, some folks that were talking about
this in our discord, um, over a vog network.com slash discord, if you want to join our community
there and get in on some of the discussion, um, outside of just Sundays. And you know,
when we're hosting shows and live shows, um, some folks were talking about kind of reminding
us cause I know, you know, I'd forgotten it's been a year, but Evo had all those problems,
you know, kind of getting pulled into the harassment issues with the, the former CEO
or whoever was leading that and so forth. So, um, their brand was kinda, you know, tainted
a little bit from all of that last year and what that guy had done. Um, so it was interesting
that Sony kind of took that on, although I could also see where that is kind of a positive
because now Sony owns it and these problem people or person really from before can quickly
be, you know, ceremoniously kind of thrown out of the picture, uh, for Sony to take over.
But it does still seem like an interesting thing for Sony to get in on, doesn't it?
Yeah, exactly. Cause like I said, they don't really have any first party franchises that
would necessarily fit in there unless they're thinking of bringing PlayStation all stars
back. Um, but I mean, they did have, like I said, you know, several third party exclusives
for awhile. So they mean there's, you know, always been a Tekken series that used to be
on the original PlayStation. You've got, you know, street fighter four and five, I think
for even on PlayStation exclusively for a little bit. Um, it's the return of air guys
confirmed. Yeah. It's, it's, it's all in the cards right there. So, um, I don't know. It'd
be interesting to see what they do with this. I thought maybe like maybe as far as like
streaming this goes, they may have some sort of rights with that. Um, but they don't really
have a streaming service anymore. So I don't know where that's really going with it, but
Hey, cool that they're supporting it at least. Um, but I don't know what this means is necessarily
any changes for Evo. Um, maybe less killer instincts. I don't know. Um, DJ Rama S in
chat says, and it just scrolled off the screen. Sorry guys. I don't see Sony owning Evo as
a good thing, but it is what it is. I'd be curious more of your thoughts if you would
wouldn't mind elaborating on that. I'm kind of curious. Um, the, the why behind that,
um, SG100 Matt says free money. I am actually really fascinated by this acquisition. I can
see Sony trying to become the one-stop shop for Esports streaming. Nobody really has the
mantle than Twitch in a sense. The Evo move could be the start of something bigger. Well,
also I think something to consider is that, you know, maybe, um, PlayStation and Sony
is really trying to set it, set it up. Not so much, maybe like the broadcasting side
of Esports, but the playing and participation, because certainly when it comes to fighting
games, Sony's really got a lock in some ways in the fighting game sense. Like there's,
there's, and I'm sure someone in chat will quickly correct me, but I'm going to be honest.
When I think of Microsoft, I don't think of a lot of like fighting games that are like
huge on Xbox that Sony doesn't already have, you know? Sure. Like I know like Soul Calibur
6 is on game pass, but Sony's got that. You know what I mean? Um, and then when you go
to the Switch, you know, obviously they have Smash Brothers, but I feel like Smash Brothers
kind of lives on this island and Sony is always going to be like, I don't see Smash
Brothers leaving Evo anytime soon. Um, I think I feel like it's going to always exist on
its own little island and Sony is going to be perfectly okay with that. Oh Nintendo kind
of thing, you know, like, Oh, Oh, the kitty, the kitty match going on over there. Don't
hate me Smash community. This is like, I just feel like this is the attitude. Okay. From
the, you know, cause Nintendo sometimes gets that label and so forth, but I feel like Sony's
going to be more than okay with it sitting over there. And Sony really wants to take
the reins as, Hey, you want to play one-on-one fighting games. You're going to come to PlayStation
because that's where the Tekken is. That's where the Street Fighter is. That's where
er guys to it. Okay. Just kidding. But you know, this is the platform for all of that.
What do you guys think? Do you think that, you know, maybe Sony is trying to establish
itself as we are the fighting game console and trying to get a lock on a popular genre
perhaps? I think that they are seeing, Hey, this is going to print us money. That's what
I see. Perhaps writing games or money conventions or money. You'd have to spend it to win it.
Good point. Why not combine Evo with the PlayStation fan event they used to do in the winter? What
the hell was that called? PlayStation Fest or something? Something. Yeah. Why not? Sony
Wink Fest. There you go. Fifth Dream in chat says, Rob only speaks truth. Why thank you.
I try my best. Let's see. And as she says, no, drag the Smash community. They deserve
it. Hey, I know people in there that are pretty cool. I'm trying to be nice to everybody.
And I, Hey, I like Smash. All right. Well, and Bobby is saying that what's interesting
is Evo's prize pool is much lower than all of the other esports. But I think that if
that Evo has this reputation. True. That if you've, if you've made it at Evo, you have
really made it. That's true. There is a certain prestige level, but I think that, um, comparison
of like, I got it on sale is kind of interesting. You're right. Like the prize at what the international
for Dota is a way bigger, I mean, granted, that's not a fighting game either, but I get
it. Like that's a very different, uh, and much more expensive thing. Evo's the one everyone
knows. Yeah. Thank you, PixelPockets. That's what I was trying to think. A PlayStation
experience. That is what it was for sure. Okay. I got an elaborate, elaborated on answer
from DJ Roma S who says, the problem is when a corporate entity buys a fan event, this
even is, this isn't even fun anymore. It becomes too corporate. The fun behind it is gone.
Case in point packs. As I was reading this, my brain was going, packs, packs, packs,
case in point packs. Packs isn't what it was because of how it's run now. People are going
to mag fest now. I, I will, you know, especially because I know Roma is really well versed
in the convention circuit because of anime jam session and the work that him and his
co-host have been doing there for a very long time and covering all the different conventions.
Public aside, um, I, I think he makes a very good point that sometimes that corporate takeover
of a fan event can really drive it into the ground. I think he makes a very excellent
point when it comes to packs and I've experienced that firsthand as have some of you, some of
you are totally fine with packs the way it is now. And this is not menace, you know,
if you're having fun, go have fun. Don't tell, don't let anyone else tell you how you can
and can't have fun. Um, but, um, for me, packs isn't really fun anymore than it is than
what it was. So maybe I went on a couple of off years. I don't know, but, um, I could
see that hesitation about the, the corporate stuff, uh, running into the ground, but PlayStation
experience was okay from what I heard. I never went myself, but I heard other people that
went and had a good time with that. So, um, and oh, I'm being reminded in chat anime jam
session was on a convention today. That's right. They were doing a zenacon. Sorry. I
get the name right. Hope I did. So my brain is only so big and can only remember so much.
Uh, Jamie, you're chatting in chat and not here. What is this about anime expo? You were
mentioning, I was just replying to Ronma. He was saying another, uh, point of corporate
run convention, anime expo. Um, FYI, AX isn't a con it's a trade show, but it used to be
a convention. Ooh, good point. E3 is the same thing. E3 is a trade show, not a convention,
but they've kind of been going the other way. Like they're, they're starting to do more
things that a convention would do. Like I went to one of the last few AXs that were
still kind of friendly sized, you know, and then they had the one at the Disneyland hotel,
which was a clusterfuck, but that's the same one that I played my first physical DDR, which
was a third mix. So in a way, anime expo brought you here to orange launch radio and the star
of the convention was a chair. Um, if anyone knew is that that AX knows the chair, you
better comment. But, um, dragon con, I also cosplayed as a Jill Valentine, that con. I
think dragon con in part is very popular because it's not corporate run. It is still
very fan run and gets, and I know, and I bet people have wanted to buy it. I mean, I don't
know nothing when it comes to that stuff, but I would bet people wanted to buy it. Um,
and they've really stuck to their guns and keep it kept at a fan thing. And that's pretty
damn impressive. You know what they're pulling off down there in Atlanta. Um, there's a reason
I travel out there every year, pandemic exception, you know, so, uh, but I can't, I can't wait
for the convention stuff to come back. I really, really hope we do get to the other side of
this where we can have conventions again. I'm wondering where they were at the Disneyland
hotel again. Cause I've always done the, uh, the, uh, Anaheim convention center, like for
the last two decades or something like that. Oh, if we're talking, I'm sorry, you playing
DDR. That would have been like, what, like 99, 2000. Yeah. All right. And it was at
the Disneyland hotel and they wouldn't let cosplayers into the park unless they had changed
out of their costume because they don't want them getting mixed up with the characters.
You can't cost them there today. Some cosplayers could, that's how Disney Disney is a Disney
binding or Disney bounding bonding, Disney bounding. That's how Disney bounding began.
Like I Disney bounded, um, in, uh, 2019 when I went to, um, drag con. And what is, what
is Disney bounding? People may not know what that is. Disney bounding is where you wear
an outfit that's reminiscent of a Disney character. Now me, I flat out well, and now they're including
Marvel and star Wars in it. I flat out just wore my captain Marvel dress and bounced around
the, the park. Um, but like I ran into this, uh, this girl who wore, uh, like a yellow
top and red leggings and she was, uh, um, uh, Gaston. And it seemed like, it's a hint
of cosplay. It's a flavor. It's a dash of flavor. It's salt bay. Some people may call
this casual cosplay. I like the casual cosplay. I like that. Yeah. But like I saw another
girl who's wearing like a blue sundress with like a white apron on it and she was Alice.
We're just going to get a little flavor of that cosplay. Just a little flavor there.
All right. Yeah. Just look at that. I mean, there's tons of Disney bounding sites. Just
look it up. All right. Yeah. All right. Anyway, uh, we've gone from Sony buying a fighting
games show to talking about Disney bounding. Hey, that's the way it goes sometimes. All
right. Uh, let's get into our gaming weeks and the types of games that we have been playing
this week. How was your gaming week and what video games have you been playing this week?
Dark soccer. We'll start with you. I played animal crossing and I played word scapes,
which I should play a little bit more simply because I, I want to get higher than a 15th
place at the tournament or better because you know, they do that tournament once a week.
Yeah. And right now I'm level 16. I haven't played in a couple of weeks, but yeah, generally
I know how it works. Oh, I freaking love this game. Like it's, it's literally my, my wake
up in the day. And if I, if I don't play, then I actually feel like my brain is like
degrading in my head. It's your brain training. So the two things that I do to, um, to wake
myself up is I play, um, word scapes and I play, uh, um, I don't play, but I do my
Duolingo, which by the way, last week I had number one in diamond league, which is like
a big achievement. I don't even know what that means. Okay. A big achievement, diamond
league is the highest level of their various leagues and you have to have a certain number
of points to be like in the top, whatever. And then like, if you're in the top 10, you
advance, if you're the top 25, you stay in your current league. And one of the achievements
was to get level, uh, number one in the diamond league. And I stayed on top of it. I think
I earned something like 4,000 experience points, which normally I will do like maybe 1200.
Okay. So I studied a lot of Japanese and I better know family units very well by now.
When are we, when are we finally going to switch on this show where you do the Japanese
release dates and I just do the, when are we doing that? Because like, I think this,
this joke of, I always mispronounce like it's getting old and, uh, I think maybe we need
to switch that up. You're getting better. I'm well, 11 years of fucking up, uh, give
a monkey a typewriter. He'll type a novel eventually. Right? Isn't that the whole thing?
Remember if it's a Japanese word that ends in an E it's not like tone, it would be Tony.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh, you just need to have you do the French releases now and then that way
you know, I know some French, I used to be conversational and then I moved to California
where no one speaks French. All right, let's move on with our gaming weeks. Loki, how was
your game week? Um, I didn't play a whole time. I mainly played Minecraft again. Uh,
I've been just kind of, I don't know, still working on the giant tree in our realm. So
it's, it's similar to one of the hermits on hermit craft. Um, it's cows, the mega Erie
of doom. So it's this giant, huge tree that I'm working on right now. So as such, I've
also been bingeing a ton of hermitcraft on YouTube. So I've pretty much caught myself
up on a mumbo's is cows and now I'm going through tango tech, but lots of a really fun
streamers on there and stuff. Um, haven't worked on my game this week, but next week
I am going to be, I actually took a couple of days off, uh, for other things and I'm
going to be splitting the audio. Um, so I can cram more music in the game. I'm not looking
for to splitting that engine, but I will give it a try and hopefully that'll work. Um, I'm
hoping to have the special edition on soon so that I can actually release the physical
version of that. Cause I know everybody's been waiting for it. So we'll give it a go
this week. All right. Super excited to see the physical addition of that. All right.
All right. My gaming week. So, um, I haven't really played a lot of new stuff. I've been,
I've been doing a lot of gaming, but it's kind of a lot of the stuff I've talked about
on the show before, uh, still playing Final Fantasy 14, uh, trying to make money, right.
It got into some crafting and I mean, I've been doing crafting, but like trying to figure
out how to play the market board a little more. So, um, and man, there are some, there
are some real sniping, you know, when the, cause, uh, the whole thing, like you'll, you'll
try to put up an item and you try to kind of put it at the lowest price. Cause that's
the one people are going to buy, right? You're, you're going to buy on the lowest price you
see on the market board. Well, there's people that'll sit there and like the minute they
see that you've listed it lower price, they'll go in and they'll do it one Gil lower. And
it just becomes this game of everybody just starting to undercut each other. And that
becomes a whole little meta game in and of itself. But I will say that item that I must
have had to update the price. I'm not kidding. Like 15 times yesterday finally sold today.
So I'm happy about that. Cause I don't have to play that game with that other person anymore
about who's going to undercut who more recently. Um, so that's an interesting little meta game
I've been getting into with FOMI SE 14. I've been continuing along and dead by daylight,
uh, enjoying my time killing. I played my first survivor match. I did not care for it.
So I'm definitely a born killer when it comes to dead by daylight. Uh, thanks to, uh, Alan
who's been doing, uh, more and more of his own streaming here. I think a lot of you,
uh, regulars here have found his channel over at Alan alchemy and watched him play stuff.
He's been getting more into killer now. Um, because he found, he played a match randomly,
I think as doctor and, uh, found that it was actually a lot of fun and I actually went
in and I, I usually play pyramid head. That's my killer of choice. I got my first four kill.
So that means like I a hundred percent want one because a dead by daylight, if you don't
already know, it's an asymmetrical PVP game. So you play one versus four and I kind of
always hesitated on dead by daylight for the longest time. I'm not big on the scary jump
scary. Well, I say that, but yet like I love silent Hill and like psychological horror
and stuff like that. I don't like the jump scare games like five nights at Freddy's.
I'll play that for laughs, but I don't enjoy it. Like I'm just going to be real. I don't
enjoy it. Um, so like the jump scare type of things aren't usually my thing. Luckily
dead by daylight. Isn't quite like I found out like actually getting in there and playing
it more and watching Alan play it. It's not really big on jump scares, but even that heartbeat
thing really messes with me because when the killer gets closer to you, the heartbeat
gets louder and louder. And so that gets, uh, that gets really scary. Um, so, uh, and
then I think if you have Michael Myers as the killer, it actually plays the Halloween
piano theme, um, a little bit. So there's that. Um, so anyway, um, I, I, I enjoy playing
as killer, um, where you're the one and you're trying to cause, cause there's no scary when
you're the killer, you're the one, you're the one causing all the scares. And so it's
a lot easier. So I found that I enjoy playing pyramid head and then thanks to Alan playing
doctor, I find that, and don't take that to a weird place. I mean, doctor, the killer
in dead by daylight, uh, that, um, I actually enjoy playing the doctor and dead by daylight
as well, who is kind of, he does like shock therapy basically. Um, so you use these shock
waves and uh, when you hit survivors with them, they'll scream out and so they kind
of give away their location. So it's kind of interesting. It's an interesting little
mechanic and really how he's very good at tracking survivors. Um, so, and that's kind
of what I liked about pyramid head too, is that if a survivor runs through one of your
little traps that you lie down, then, uh, trenches, then they get revealed. Um, it's
just that those, those, the survivors can avoid if they kind of know and they crouch
through it. The doctor stuff is much harder to avoid. So that's kinda, yeah. So anyway,
yeah, dead by daylight playing the killer. They can't just strip the skin off of them
like, you know, in silent Hill. No, only in the movie. That was only in the movie.
And uh, they, they, they actually have to balance it for the game. So he can't do like
everything he does in the game because right. He's, he's in another universe and the whole
like story, if you, cause dead by daylight apparently has this very rich story behind
it. If you look for it, um, is that you are not usually the one doing the killing. You
are sacrificing survivors to the entity and the entity has summoned these killers to do
its bidding. That's but once in a while, if you please the entity, then the entity will
let you kill people by your own hand. And that's a Maury. So, and pyramid head does
actually have his own built in Maury, but he takes the sword and he just slams it down
on the body and effectively cuts them in half, which is really gross. Right. But it's not
like the way it's depicted in game. It just, it looks like a, like a mortal combat three
blood splatter. It isn't like, it isn't delightful. It isn't gross. Like it is in like mortal
combat 10 or 11. I hope that pyramid head moves a little bit faster than he does in
the game. So, um, he moves at the same speed as the other, you know, again, they had, they
have to balance it a little bit, but that's how they get like Michael Myers, leather face,
Freddy Krueger, um, the pig from the saw movies. Um, who am I missing? Ghost face. They're
all in this game. Play around as Freddy and let me know what it's like. I Freddy's interesting
as far, but I don't want to buy them. They all cost money. The only one I bought, I need
like five bucks. I'll buy them for you. Oh, that's sweet. Thank you. Okay. Then I'll text
you five bucks. You'd probably get a better bang for your buck. If you get, if you had
Alan by Freddy, I can't Apple pay Alan. Okay. Five bucks for Freddy. Sweet. Dark soccer
just tapped into my dead by daylight edition. I love it. Addiction. I love it. Um, I'm seriously,
I'm going to give you five bucks right now. Okay. Yeah. Then I will buy Freddy and I'll,
I think he's a very hard killer to play though, but I'll try it. I'll try anything. Whatever.
Uh, for five bucks. I'll try it. So yeah, I have been playing more dead by daylight.
That's that's fine. I will do a stream at some point. It's just that Alan now wears
the streaming pants in this house outside of Sunday night. So there's no room for me
anymore. No, he's much more disciplined with it than I am. That's for sure. Um, let's see.
Oh, I also want to talk about, cause I've been playing more bravely default to my relationship
with this game is so interesting because there are things about this game that annoy the
fucking shit out of me. I am like, I don't know if I've ever been more annoyed by a game
in recent years than I have been with bravely default too, because I talked about this last
week on the show, the, the frame rate and the performance issues, they, they bug me.
Um, I'm finding that I am getting bugged now by, if you try to like auto equip characters,
the auto equip thing is not very smart because it will start equipping armor to your healers
that are good armor, but it will also draw the most amount of hate. So why did they put
that into some mechanic that armor draws hate? I don't know, but that's the thing. Uh, speaking
of mechanics that annoy the shit out of me, the weight mechanic, they haven't bravely
default to fucking annoys me. So there's a, there's a, and I was talking on discord with
some of my friends about this the other night. I'm like, this game annoys me so much with
all these little things that all being said, I can't stop playing it because at its core,
that very final fantasy five esque build up your characters in the different types
of jobs and the jobs that are offered in the game and the battle system that's there is
actually a very satisfying system. The battle system is, and the whole like defaulting and,
and braving to spend extra points and the whole like doing four turns at a time, if
you're willing to sit out for three turns and that whole stuff. Um, like that, that
is all very interesting to me and that's kind of what's keeping me with the game despite
the fact that I'm very annoyed by some of these other things. I'm going to be honest.
Um, when I saw that Octopath Traveler is coming to Xbox game pass, I was actually very excited
because I was like, I hope that means bravely default will come to those systems too because
that means the performance issue thing will no longer be an issue. Maybe we'll get the
switch pro too and that'll work out too. Uh, I'll still be annoyed by the weight and the
auto equip thing where I have to do everything by hand and when you're switching jobs a lot,
that's very annoying, but eh, I guess I'll take it. It's Hey, nothing can be worse than
the drawing junctioning system from Final Fantasy eight. So there is that. That's terrible.
Exactly. I think it puts a lot of stuff in perspective. It's like, Hey, nothing can ever
be that bad. Wow. I just got five bucks on Apple pay. How about that? I put the text
message up on the cam. I love it. All right. Anyway, that's enough for my gaming week.
I don't think I have a lot of extra to add. All right, let's get into some gaming news
actually real quick before we get into gaming news on a serious note because I need to make
sure we say this at some point in tonight's show. Um, obviously there's been, uh, there's
been a lot of bullshit in the world in the past year and, uh, we, um, have seen a lot
of bullshit in this past week. And yes, I'm referring to what happened, um, in Atlanta
with those, um, horrific shootings, um, done, you know, the terrorist act that was done
in Atlanta. Let's just call it what it is. Let's not call it what that Sheriff had the
audacity to call it on, on TV. That was somebody's bad day. It was a terrorist attack. Um, shit
is what it was racism. And it was very, it was very hurtful too, that it happened in
a place like Atlanta, which I, you know, it's my Atlanta is my home for one week out of
the year, um, outside of pandemics, you know, and obviously Bobby and dragon con have had
a huge influence in that whole thing. So certainly I, I, I felt a certain kind of connection
when I heard about this horrible thing, um, that happened in Atlanta that, um, you know,
could have, could have happened anywhere, unfortunately. And that's the disgusting thing.
And that's why we all need to, you know, take a promise that we're going to do what we can,
um, to stop Asian American and Pacific Islander hate, um, and, uh, stop that culture and stop
that racism, um, that's happening in our culture. And you can say that, and also at the same
time, still recognize black lives matter and the black lives matter movement and all the
bullshit that the black and African American and, and, uh, people of color community that
they face all of the time. Um, and I was talking a little bit about this on Twitter this week.
And I think a lot of this, and this does tie into video gaming. So if you're about to tune
out of the show, cause, Oh God, Rob's on another one of his rants. I really need you to listen
to this because when we talk about like stopping the hate and all this and stopping it when
it comes to Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders and stopping it when it comes to other casual
racism that happens, I think we all know gaming and that culture is all too often a
hotbed for that sort of casual racism, casual misogyny, casual homophobia, and transphobia.
If we want to talk about the LGBTQ and so forth community. Um, I'm, I know when I'm
talking to the OLR audience, I'm talking to folks that are here, you know, that join us
on VOG network every week. I'm, I'm pretty much preaching to the choir. I don't think
there's people around here that really actively participate in this, but what can you do if
you want to be an ally and you want to be an ally for things like stop AAPI hate and,
and BLM, what can you do if you want to be an ally? You've got to, you are in a unique
position. I'm in a unique position where we can call this out when we see it. And that's
what we have to do because think about it. Have you heard a racist joke in your life?
I know I have. Did you, did you maybe let that racist joke go by without doing anything
to stop it because you didn't want to create an awkward situation between you and your
friend. That is maybe the attitude we as allies have to change because a hashtag is not going
to do it. A picture of a square on your Instagram account is not going to do it. Calling that
out when it happens, that's going to do it. And that's going to be the shift in our culture.
And I can tell you from all of the Black people that I've talked to, all of the Asian American
people that I've talked to, they don't want to be doing this educating. They are tired
of always having to be the ones to do the educating, you know, and you see this happen
on Twitter, right? Somebody Black or somebody Asian American tweets a certain way that they're
feeling. And always the first and second reply is something like, well, you should
do this or explain to me why, you know, why don't we have white pride? Why don't you tell
me why we don't have that? Or, you know, whatever. You have Google use it. Exactly. Like, stop
making oppressed people explain it to you. Open your eyes because it's there. And if
you want to be a better ally, you've got to be the one. I think I made this comparison
on Twitter as I was like, this whole like locker room joke culture and this whole thing.
This is oftentimes when those locker room jokes are happening, the oppressed community
is not there in the locker room because most people don't have the balls to say that kind
of things to someone someone's face. When we had the President of the United States
getting up there calling coronavirus some really shitty things. Unfortunately, that
was an exception where that guy didn't give a fuck and he would say, you know, whatever,
which is a whole other issue. But for the most part, when these other aggressions happen,
the oppressed is not in the room. That's why we have to be the ones to speak up and say
something. So and I think that we we have this unique position where we know firsthand
what it's like to be the one talked about, you know, or deal with with having our own
issues have been sources of public mockery, you know, like, do you know how many times
I want to scream every time I see someone type autistic screaming? It's and the thing
is, is that we don't stop and think about, oh, well, it's not affecting us. We have our
own issues to deal with. But the moment that we stop and we call out others, we can also
expect to have them called out on our behalf, too. And everyone should be doing it.
So next time you're playing a game online with friends, and somebody casually drops
the N word, heaven forbid, I mean, I hope that isn't happening with your friends. But
I'm also realistic. And I know there is people in the world that feel like they can just
say that wherever they want. Or somebody decides to do their own voice of an Asian
character in the game that is extremely stereotypical and in poor taste. You have a responsibility
as an ally to call that out. Is it going to be awkward with your friend? Yes. But that's
the only way this shit is going to change is when we call out this behavior when we
see it. And we have to stop the hate. We have to stop the hate with Asian American Pacific
Islanders. We have to stop casual racism. We have to stop misogyny. We have to stop
homophobia, transphobia, all of it. All of it. All of it. And gaming culture, unfortunately,
as we know, is a hotbed for it. So what are you going to do to make it a better place?
Because putting a hashtag on social media, that's cute. But that's not going to change
anything. Educating somebody on why they should stop doing what they're doing and how
that can be hurtful. That's going to be the start of it. Just some food for thought. All
right. I got on my soapbox, but it needed to happen. So there you go. All right. Let's
move on. Let's get into some gaming news and talk about what else is going on in the gaming
world. Besides what we talked about at the beginning of the show with Evo. So Loki, why
don't you start us off with our first topic tonight?
Yeah. So there was a presentation, which I actually missed because I didn't even know
it was happening. But Square Enix did a kind of a Nintendo Direct type event called Square
Enix Presents. And they showed off a bunch of different things, new game trailers and
different announcements. So for example, one of those being the announcement of the brand
new entry into the Life is Strange series, which looked interesting. So that's Life is
Strange True Colors. That's going to be coming out later this year on, I think most platforms
maybe. Yeah. Looks like on all the other platforms that normally came on. They did show off,
which is, I don't even remember the original trailer for this. It was Project Atheia, which
is now being called Force Spoken. But it's this brand new exclusive game that's coming
out for PlayStation 5 and PC, which looks amazing. So brand new IP for them. So very
interested in that.
I have to say that is probably the biggest thing I'm excited for on PlayStation 5 right
now. I got to say, like even above like the Horizon sequel and some of the other stuff
that Sony shown, that is probably the thing I'm most excited about right now. And that
trailer was really badass, like how they had the actress kind of introducing it. And
then you see her in the game and it's like, it's her. It's her. It's like, no, it's digital
her, but it's her, you know? And then of course the whole like, is that a fucking dragon?
Like that's the one line of dialogue and the whole thing. But it was a very sharp looking
trailer, I got to say.
So yeah, so they showed that off. They had a new trailer for Balan Wonderland, which
I think is coming out later this month. They announced that Black Panther is going to be
coming to Marvel Avengers. They showed off this Hitman Sniper Assassins, which is a mobile
game. Also Just Cause mobile, which I'm a huge Just Cause fan, but nope. I think that
was, it was certainly more a game trailer than gameplay. They're talking about the 25th
anniversary of Tomb Raider. And to celebrate that that's coming to Fortnite. So that's
interesting. Outriders, they showed a little bit more for that as well. And then some other
smaller things that they mentioned. Space Invaders is getting an AR game. So add that to
the list of AR games you got to try. Darius is coming to Switch and PlayStation 4 is an
HD remaster called Darius Cosmic Revelation. Bubble Bobble, four friends coming to Steam
and the second story pack for Toho Spell Bubble is coming through the Switch as well. Yeah,
pretty cool. Again, very interested about the four spoken, although that, God, like
I have a feeling that's a 2022 game. Yeah, it is a 2022 game.
Yeah, I think they said it is. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, well it gives me time. But that, that one looked really good. And yeah, there
was a lot of, it was interesting because we got a lot more updates than I was expecting.
I think that, you know, the whole four spoken showing up was certainly unexpected. We went
in knowing it was going to be about Life is Strange. And certainly it's, you know, nice
that that series is continuing to go on and they're kind of bringing the older ones back
for the newer platforms. That's cool remasters for those as well. So that, that'd be interesting.
Honestly, that's what I kind of would have expected this event to be and kind of end
there, you know? Um, but they, they really went on and detailed more titles than I kind
of thought they would. So that was pretty cool. I mean, some people might be going,
where was Final Fantasy? But I think you set the bar way too high if you were going into
a Life is Strange event expecting Final Fantasy a couple of weeks ago. So like that, why bring
Final Fantasy back again? Right. I know, but you know, you know, people are like, where's,
chapter 16? Let's show me another screenshot. Give me another hit on what's going on there.
So Questbuster in chat is saying I really enjoyed the Outriders demo. Yeah, that has
my attention too. I can't believe that's coming to Game Pass. That's so exciting. The Outriders
demo was also notoriously farmed for the legendaries it drops because any progress you make in
it is carried over to the full game. That again from Questbuster in our chat, who also
mentioned that four spoken is by Luminous Productions, which is made up of the staff
that created Final Fantasy 15. Well, good. This will probably be a title that really
suits that. You know, I didn't love Final Fantasy 15 as a Final Fantasy title, but there
was some interesting stuff in there. I think also I didn't like that it was really kind
of rushed. Yes, I know that game was in development for 10 years, but let's be real, only the
last two years mattered. So there is that, but I'm excited to see what they do with kind
of like their own thing. I think that could be very, very interesting. That's for sure.
Bobby Black Wolf, I'm assuming a tongue in cheek, firmly planted saying I'm just disappointed
that Square Enix didn't show me a new Breath of the Wild 2 trailer. Yes, I know. I'm always
disappointed when that doesn't show up in an event too. DJ Roma S saying still waiting
on that Rad Racer 3 trailer. Wouldn't that be a hoot? That would be pretty awesome to
bring that back. Oh my God. Can you imagine if one day out of the blue Square brought
back Rad Racer? Why haven't they? Can we explore that for a minute? Can we look under
that rock? Why hasn't Square Enix? I mean, because Square is much more than just Final
Fantasy. Square now owns studios that develop things like Tomb Raider, the Avengers game,
you know, Forspoke, you know, they have a lot of different studios. Why haven't they
tasked one of them with doing a new Rad Racer? Do they think there's too many racing games
out there or something? It would be like, honestly, it would fit really well with like
an arcade racer, like kind of like a Ridge Racer or something like that. But I don't
know if Rad Racer know where it would fit like within the different racing. But honestly,
the racing games out there tend to heavily stick to the simulation racing. There's a
lot more simulation racing used versus arcade. The only two I can only think of a couple
arcade racing titles out there that have been pretty big recently, that hotshots racing
and of course, you know, you've got the Forza Horizon series as well. But you know, we haven't
had a new Burnout game, I guess Need for Speed also is kind of on the arcade racing side
as well. But I don't know, like if Need for Speed is just very...
Rad Racer could fight...
It's just too complicated. It's like give me a good racing, arcade racing game.
All here's the thing, Rad Racer could find a niche in the space because when it comes
to racing games, the games that have dared to step up and kind of go try to like break
into that space have oftentimes been criminally underrated. Case in point, Blur. That game
was fucking rad and it really got, you know, kind of shafted all things considered. The
gaming's, you know, history. Like if they had gone so far as to make a Blur sequel,
I think it would have been amazing. Case in point, again, split second. When Disney did
their whole thing on the Xbox 360, that game was pretty sweet too. Unfortunately, it didn't
make enough money and it never continued past that point either.
So I mean...
That was a pretty fun game though. I don't know why they tried, but didn't they have
like, um, God, I can't remember which one, if it was split second or Blur that had, it
had, oh, no, it was split second too. That's right. Um, cause that game looked amazing.
The screenshots or video of that.
Honestly, I really wanted a sequel to that. It's been what, like 10 years since Blur?
It's been a long time. I think Rad Racer could fill that space of Mario Kart meets
Arcade Racer that I think we want. Do we want that? I want that. So Square, if you're out
there, Rad Racer, make it happen. All right. All right. Let's move on. Hey, Rad Racer could
be a VR thing. Who knows? You know, the original Rad Racer was 3D with the 3D glasses, right?
Does anyone ever play Rad Racer in 3D? I did. It was, it was, um, it's, it's, it's gimmicky.
Like all you, it's, it, because the graphics are so basic, especially when you're playing
in 3D, like all you're really seeing is added depth. That's all you're really seeing. Um,
but it's, you know, obviously like 3DS technology and so forth really puts it to shame. Bobby
Black Wolf says, I did try it with my power glove. It's so bad. SHO 100 Matt says, has
to come with the red and blue 3D glasses. That was special. Look in the Rad Racer reboot,
the main character could sport those red and blue glasses. Look at it here. I'm designing
the game, you guys. All right. Anyway, moving on. Let's talk about VR for the PlayStation
five, because we have more news about VR coming to the PlayStation five. No, we don't have
a date. No, we don't have a price, but we do know what the controllers are going to
look like. Uh, there was an update, uh, from Sony's PlayStation blog this week, uh, that
shows what the controllers are going to look like for the PlayStation VR for PlayStation
five. Gone are the, uh, PlayStation move controllers and the little colored balls on the tips of
them. Uh, they are gone and these new controllers really look nothing like them. Um, they look
more like, I think there is a VR out there that uses Oculus two Oculus quest two or something.
They, they use these controllers and they, they look like, um, imagine like the outline
and I'm trying to describe this for the folks listening on the podcast. Imagine like the
outline of a boxing glove, kind of like on your hand that, and you grip like half a controller
that's on the inside. That's kind of what these look like. Um, so it does kind of, it
looks a little bit like a, yeah, I think it is Oculus that, uh, uses that there. Uh, or
as some people have noticed, uh, it looks a little bit like the orb that Jodie Foster
uses in contact. I would have never found that out, but who knows? Anyway, some of the
features, some of the features in here, adaptive triggers. So that means that when you press
it, it'll be, you know, adapt. It's kind of like the harder you press it, the harder it
goes and so forth. Um, that is very similar to what's already in the dual sense controller.
There will be haptic feedback, no real surprise there. Again, another kind of perk of the,
uh, existing dual sense controller, finger touch detection. So even if you don't like
press in areas where you like, there is a button, it will actually see like gestures
that your fingers and stuff are doing. And basically, yeah, it sounds just like a rift
controller with the dual sense triggers and the dual sense, uh, hap, it's not really haptic
gremble, whatever they've got there. It's basically those two combined together. Basically.
Yes. All right. It just says the point cause like I had envisioned when they were talking
about haptics and stuff like actual gloves or something like that, but it's fine. I mean
those could work for like PC and stuff. Bobby is saying in chat, I'm getting it backwards.
So the adaptive triggers, it's actually the other way around. So they don't want you to
push the triggers down all the way sometimes. Uh, and so it's more like resistance on the
triggers as opposed to, um, what I was saying. So thank you, Bobby. Um, yeah. I mean, if
I could actually find a PlayStation five and I've decided I'm not buying a PlayStation
five until I can just walk into target and get one. And I realized I might be waiting
a while, but I, I'm not having it with 2022 for when this comes out and probably the other,
you know, uh, square index game, honestly. Yes, there's time. And so there's that. So
yeah, like I, I, I can't explain to you what a PlayStation five is like because they're
pretty hard to get and uh, I'm not willing to fight a lot of that. Go onto Walmart and
get the 3pm drop that's going to be gone in five seconds. And I'm just, I'm, I don't know
if it's this my age, I'm just not willing to subject myself to that stress. And I've,
I've said this with other products before, when I can walk into the store, pick one up
off the shelf, then it will be meant to be, but I'm not, I'm too old and too tired to
fight for a gaming console. I just am. So I'll get one when I can walk into a fries
and pick it up. You might have to time travel. You might have to check the dumpster out back.
I'm sure that'll be a thing. Yes, I can. I can do that. Uh, Bobby black woven chat says,
well episode Eufy is PlayStation five only in June. Then you know what? She's going to
have to wait. She's going to have to wait. Sorry. All right. Uh, also very important.
One other feature of the new VR, the tracking, the VR controller is tracked by, uh, by the
headset through a tracking ring across the bottom of the controller. So that's also very
interesting because that means it's not going to be the whole like camera looking at you
type of thing. It's actually in the VR headsets. That's kind of neat. I like that. So, uh,
cool. Of course, again, we don't know when we don't know how much we don't know what
the headset looks like. We're just getting, we don't know games. It's all we know. Sony
is working on it. Just, just announced a brand new, uh, until Dawn, uh, Russia blood game.
And I'm there just, that's all you need to do is say, Hey, we're putting them one of
those out and like, Oh, all right. I'm sure, I'm sure there'll be some good games for it.
I'm uh, I'm excited. I'm still thinking back to last week when we had that whole fan wank
about Sony buying Konami so that they can start putting Bemani games out again. And
now we had that story last week about the first Bemani VR game. Hey, there's a game
for PlayStation five. All right. I'm stretching a little bit, but, um, yeah, it'll be a little
bit, a lot. Okay. A lot of it. Um, but I'm sure that, you know, again, it's about getting
that must have app. So whether that is the Russia blood until Dawn for PlayStation five,
or maybe a new type of Beat Saber or one of those types of games or something we haven't
thought of yet, most likely. Um, I think that is really going to be the thing that pushes
VR forward, but PlayStation certainly did a great job of making quality VR accessible.
I'm using that word quality and some folks may feel differently about this, but I think
those like, um, that thing that you plop your cell phone into and it does VR through
that. I think PlayStation brought quality VR and VR experiences and made them very accessible.
So there's that. All right, let's move on dark Sakura. So, um, one thing I've been keeping
my eyes on is the stuff for the new resident evil stuff. And it could, there is a lot of
stuff. Oh yeah. So basically, um, the new movie has a title. Now it's resident evil,
welcome to raccoon city, and it's going to follow the first two games. So we'll have
Chris, Joe, Leon and Claire. Um, they've already done quite a bit of casting for it. Um, and
then, uh, there's going to definitely be some very interesting things as though that the,
the, the film franchise and this movie series have nothing to do with each other. They're
completely separate. It's not a remake. It's going to be a little bit more with the base
universe. Um, so there you go. Um, I'm actually kind of relieved for that because the one
thing I didn't really care for in the movie universes is that they didn't quite follow
the game universe. And I would rather dig more into the game universe. So I think that's
going to be, be awesome. So they got a good cast so far. Yeah. Um, and that's, uh, that
whole, uh, revival of stuff on Netflix. It's just like Netflix trying to become the video
game home of all this stuff. So yeah, it's going to be, yeah, they sure do. Uh, looking
in our chat over twitch.tv slash vog network, dark Tetsuya says, as long as it's better
than the original movie released, it's interesting though. Cause the original resident evil movie
certainly has its fans. Um, and it, yeah, I would say the original is probably better
than any of the sequels. Any of the many, how many seals they made me like 20 sequels
or something like that. I don't know. I think finally knew what I liked is I liked some
of the CG ones that they came out with. So like the, um, degeneration and the only reason
I bought degeneration is because it had, uh, a song on there. Gosh, why can't I remember
her name now? Cause I really like her and it's Chia. Um, she did like the closing song
on it and that's why I bought the movie, but the movie was actually really good. Yeah.
Um, and, uh, as she 100, Matt says, I haven't seen the cast yet. Are there any like highly
recognizable folks in the cast or is it a lot of, um, Robbie ML? Um, I'm trying to think
of other ones I've seen. Um, not too many people I know of. I mean, it's just, I've,
you know, I checked some of these people on IMDB, um, and they looked like they had,
you know, done some good work, but the only name I really recognized was Robbie ML who's
playing Chris. Uh, fifth dream is giving a shout out to Anna. Sushiya is amazing. So
yeah. Oh, sorry. Yeah. She's, there's a movie that she did. It's one of my favorite movies
ever called, um, uh, uh, where, um, she becomes a, uh, a courtesan, uh, an Iran or she's trying
to become the later on. It's really, really good movie. She's got a great voice. All right.
So, uh, we'll, we'll see that soon whenever this movie finally comes out. All right, let's
move on to our next story. Loki. It's like, we've heard this story before. So Activision
is laying off some employees. So, uh, they're going to be laying off the Blizzard esports,
uh, which is going to be about 50 employees. Actually, it says the total figure is around
190 instead. Um, this is also coming after that they've just, uh, closed the European
publishing offices as well, uh, which laid off, you know, quite a few people, um, on top of that.
Um, and of course, you know, much like we saw last time, uh, during our investor call,
I think it was about a year or so ago from November, um, Bobby Kotick, Activision Blizzard
CEO is going to get even bigger bonuses because of that. Um, he's supposed to get more than,
I guess, a total payout, nearly $200 million. It's fucking terrible. So, you know, $200 million,
which I'm sure probably could have paid for a lot of those employees to work there. Um,
but you know, he needs more money even though he's a multi-billionaire.
It's that is a problem with this. Yeah. It's, um, it's extraordinarily frustrating to, you know,
to hear of that bonus that he's making, um, and how, I guess a lot of this staff was, uh, as I,
as I understand it in the, in the live events creation stuff. Am I right? Are we talking
about things like BlizzCon and things like that? Yeah. And that's, I don't quite understand. It
seems very shortsighted to me because even though that space is, you know, having a hard time right
now in the past year with everything going on, um, everybody really desires it to come back.
And once the convention space to come back and we see other companies that are certainly valuing
that convention space, like Sony, um, is certainly trying to get back into that space too. So to see
Activision kind of let that go is shocking or I should say, cut it back. I shouldn't say,
let it go. Cause I don't see that like, there's not going to be a BlizzCon again, hardly,
but it's just, I would have thought Blizzard would instead try to grow that, or sorry, I keep saying
Blizzard by me, Activision, Activision would try to grow that space and not try to, um, scale that
back. So that's just, it's shocking to me. I do have that with like everything they'll just leave
people off and then hire back later. Um, but I mean, a lot of these developers, like, especially
like we had, I think the last set of layoffs was around, you know, like teams working on like the
latest Call of Duty and stuff like that. They just lay people off and like, they'll hire back
people or hire different people back for less money or something. Um, but yeah, it does suck
that, you know, they're laying off all these people. Um, and their CEO who I don't know how
he contributes to the company is continuing to make millions and millions of dollars.
The system is built to help the rich. Uh, reading some comments in chat,
Black Compat says money gonna money, heavy sigh. Yeah. Heavy, heavy sigh. Uh, Bobby Black Wolf says
he's not welcome in the club of Bobby. Um, Tiger Claw says, here's the thing. We heard these kinds
of stories before CEO's getting bonuses while employees were being laid off. Look. And here's
the other thing is that like, if, okay, if truly because of the pandemic, there's just no work
right now in the live event space, and this is a decision that has to be made then, okay, but,
but underlined bolded, but give them the severance that they deserve. Help them get certifications
so that they can stay current, help them in job seeking and finding other stuff in the industry.
Because the part of this story that's most insulting is what SJ 100 Matt just reminded
me of there in chat. To me that $200 battle net gift card was a massive slap in the face.
Um, yeah, that is the part where Bobby Kotak like needs to fucking go. Even if he didn't make that
call himself, which I doubt he did. At the end of the day, he's still ultimately responsible for it
to give these employees that had given so much of their time and effort into this. And again,
I want to stress this enough, because I know people that work at Blizzard. I believe I know
people that work to Activision as well or worked at least I know as well and the staff and the
people working in the front lines are all wonderful, fam fabulous people that work very hard and love
video games. The grievances I am airing have nothing to do with them. And I certainly would
never attack them on social media. And if I see you attacking them, I'm going to come at you with
my claws out because these people don't deserve it. Who deserves it? The senior management and
Bobby Kotak. That my grievances are for that right now. And that $200 battle net gift card
or whatever the hell it was terrible. That's that is the thing where I'm like that. Like if
we are to put down the list of reasons why Bobby Kotak needs to be ceremoniously thrown out of
office or whatever you want his office, whatever you want to call it. And I mean,
I want people to walk in there, grab him by the shoulders like you see in an old movie and throw
him out the front door. I don't care if he lands on pillows to be humane, whatever. There's a
better word. What? Finestrated. I'm trying to do a show. That is when people are thrown out of the
window. Yes, that. Okay. And it was a big thing too like going on in Europe. A big accident. We
need to bring back fenestration. So, here's it. So, I do not violate tWitch's terms of service
right there. He can land on a nice soft one of those fluffy mats that gymnasts use, okay?
But I still want the ceremonious throwing to happen. And that is the reason the $200
gift cards. You know what? If you really felt bad, how about six months of insurance covered?
How about certifications to keep them current in their industry while they job hunt? How about
signing them up for, you know, headhunter services and things like that to help them find them?
Three months severance. So, three months severance and the gift card.
The word is defenestration. Sorry. Oh, okay. Anyway. Yeah. And Questbuster,
great point. Questbuster in chat says, meanwhile, years ago, Iwata and Nintendo's board of
directors took a massive pay cut over poor financial results. And that is why we miss
Iwata in this industry every single day. It also though has to do a little bit more,
I think, with the nature of work ethic in groups in America versus Japan.
Mm-hmm. That a manager is gonna say the failing of the company is the failing of the manager,
and the employees should be protected. Whereas- And in America, the CEOs are like,
I can't hear you. I'm in the money pit. Yeah. Anyway.
The employees are nothing but a stepping stone for more money in their pocket.
That's the danger of capitalism. All right. Let's move on. Let's move
on to another story. Let's talk about Microsoft. As far as the Xbox gaming division goes and that
whole stuff, has a pretty decent guy at the helm right now, I'd say. So, Phil Spencer hasn't pissed
me off this week. He's usually one of the more impressive folks in the industry. So, a pat on
the back and a cookie for Phil Spencer. Literal pillows for Phil Spencer. A nice new pillow for
his couch. Okay? Phil Spencer can have that. Microsoft, Xbox getting a new feature this
week, a suspend feature to help with the download speeds. Because download speeds on console aren't
always great, but what this new feature will do is that you can suspend a game while you're trying
to download a new one to help the system download faster. So, suspend in the queue will let you
download at full speed while making sure your game remains resumable or quick resumable even
if you're on the series X or S. And this was all on a Twitter post by engineering lead Eden Marie
over at Xbox. And there's a screenshot of that new suspend functionality if you want to look at that
over on Twitter on her account, Neon Epiphany. And then right now, downloads I guess are pretty slow
when the games are open because some of the connection capacity has to be for the game,
which kind of makes sense. Like I get that because a lot of games have some type of like
online talking functionality there. So, you can't dedicate it to downloading the game.
But if you suspend it, then you're basically saying, okay, pause this game, put it on hold
and give more of the priority over to downloading the game there. So, I think that's kind of neat,
especially since Xbox Game Pass oftentimes is like the hometown buffet of gaming.
And it's like, I'm going to load me up a little bit with that. Oh, Doom 64. Yeah, put some of
that on my plate. Oh, oh, we got Outriders coming. Yep. Save room for that at the end.
And now people are downloading games to sample them and everything. I think this is a very
welcome sort of thing. If you have the bandwidth for it is a very welcome sort of thing. And I know
I keep saying that if you have the bandwidth for it, but I'm really trying to look forward
three or four years when 5G becomes more and more of a thing. I can't wait for the day.
I can bypass my cable connection and hook up my Xbox to 5G and download things that way. Now,
of course, 5G might have data limitations, but at least it's going to introduce competition into
that space where these whole bandwidth caps and this whole thing is going to get needled a little
bit. Let's hope. Let's hope the industry doesn't try to kind of artificially cap that, but we'll
see. All right, let's move on and let's get to Dark Sakura. Oh, some exciting news in your world
for sure, right? Yeah. How about something happy? Yes, please. So, there was a new update to Animal
Crossing that came out on the 18th and you know, I was on that shit the moment it happened. So,
basically the March 18th update came with lots of new stuff. Can I just say you're tweeting,
you're tweeting the equivalent of are we there yet? Are we there yet? Are we there yet?
Pretty much. Pretty much. Sorry. But the cool thing is that number one is that if you have
the Sanrio cards that were part of Animal Crossing, what was it for New Leaf?
Welcome amiibo. There were some Sanrio cards that came out with six characters.
And if you have those cards, you can actually now invite them into your village and just for
scanning them, it unlocks permanent items that you can buy, including furniture sets and clothes
and all kinds of stuff. And for people who've played Pocket Camp, they probably are going
to look familiar because the characters are available in Pocket Camp. On top of that,
you can invite those animals to your village. So, you have Rila, who's the Hello Kitty one.
You have Etoile, who is a little twin stars sheep who is definitely on her way to my village. I
kicked out Shevra, finally. You have, now I forgot everybody's name, but you have a
Kero Kero Kero Pi character. You have a Pompompurin. You have My Melody, Little Twin Stars, Hello Kitty
and Cinema Roll as the other character. And now before all you could get though was their posters,
which all of my friends should have their posters by now because I have scanned them in.
But the other things that you will get from this is that you are going to get a cake for
the anniversary. And the cake is actually really cute. And I honestly think it could be remade in
person. And not a lie. Yeah, not a lie. It looks like it's like some sort of strawberry shortcake
that's done like the land in Animal Crossing with a big red one on it. Like a Christmas cake?
No. Well, kind of like a Christmas cake. Some Christmas cakes are traditionally that circular
with all the strawberries on top. This is more like a square. Okay. I gotcha. I gotcha. Okay.
Yeah. But then again, the really other big things that you're going to get are the Custom Design Pro
Plus Editor. That is pretty cool. What you're going to get with that is that it will let you
bring in new designing features. So you're going to get access to 50 more design storage slots,
which is great because I completely ran out. And that's not just for normal, but that's for
both normal and pro. And it also gives you different things you can design like umbrellas.
Um, I saw the cutest design where someone took advantage of the shape of the umbrella to make
it look like a cat house. And those designs, by the way, are no fucking joke for the serious
Animal Crossing players, because that's how you get the things that look totally different than
what they're supposed to be. So to give a user 50 more of those is like that is the most exciting
thing about this whole patch for many people. But before I unlocked paths, I had my own custom
paths on the ground. The other things you can do, you can also purchase a custom design portal,
which basically will let you upload things directly from your in-game phone. You also
are going to get April Fool's Day whoopee cushions and prom decorations
available from the 1st to the 30th. The Mario stuff is still up, by the way. I think that's
permanent. Or until the 31st because, you know, Nintendo be Nintendo. At any rate, well, I have
all of them and I can forever now. So the thing about those, going back to the Sanrio cards,
is that they're only going to be available at Target starting on March 26th. For the,
you know, for the American ones, I have special acquisitions of them.
But, you know, the outfits are not ugly. They're actually kind of cute, you know. I had one of my
characters running around in the pom-pom portal and one which gives you like a blonde pig-tailed
wig with a beret on it. It's really cute. And I've already got a room done up in Keto-Keto-Ketopi.
We need Batsmaru in this, but I don't see that happening anytime soon.
I know. That's what's missing for me, but it still looks really cool.
Yeah. You know what Sanrio character I miss that I don't think is around anymore?
Robo-One. Oh, yeah. I don't think I've seen that one in a long time.
Yeah. I still have, and I'll put it on cam, I have a Robo-One paper binder and I still
use it for all my old artwork. I found my Batsmaru lunchbox the other day.
Well, you remember when I moved out here and I had this keychain on forever, but I have a
25-year-old Batsmaru keychain. That's awesome.
And my Bento box. But yeah.
All right. Well, lots to- We love Sanrio.
Lots to love in Animal Crossing one year later. It's nice to see the updates are still happening
and I imagine it's still going to keep going for a while, even though we've hit a full year
of Animal Crossing now, so they have done their events for the calendar year and everything.
I would imagine they're still going to grow the game in the coming months and continue
to add value to that. I'll tell you what, the warp
pipes are a fucking game changer. Oh, I bet.
Because I have one at my house, there's one at Dan's house, and there's one in front of the
alt house. And so I can just portal my way, you know, we're pretty much on any side of the island
I need to go because I'm lazy as fuck. So you can only have two.
No, you can have three and more, I think. But the other fun thing is that for a while,
Dan had a pipe in his house and I would find myself in Dan's house just randomly.
Like, I don't want to work my way to their house.
To their houses. That's funny.
That's kind of cool. So you know, if you were like
the ultimate and lazy or you wanted to avoid people, you put a pipe in front of like
nooks and then you put a pipe in your living room and then you just go to the store.
I could put a warp pipe in front of, you know, nooks that says fun, like a little sign pointing
at it says fun, and then they go down the warp pipe and then they end up in my basement that
looks like the murder dungeon. I could do that. Yes, you could do that.
Fun. That might be I might have to go back to Animal Crossing.
I have a little like Mario area set up with coins and the mushroom platforms and everything.
So it's really cute stuff. I also have way more lilies of the valley than I know what to do with.
I mean, I wish I was joking. I am not.
S2100 Matt in chat says Rob just made this dark. Can't help it. It's a gift.
Bobby says five nights at Rob's. If you don't want a permanent like murder basement at your
house, you can always decorate what's his face is Harv's basement to be a murder basement.
Oh, good thinking. But then you can create your own murder scenes,
but you can't put the warp pipe to Harv's basement. You can't. No,
but it's only a plane right away. Remember, what would Dodo's do?
That's true. All right. That's true. And it probably
putting the body as a plane right away is probably a better idea. All right. Moving on.
And then you get to see all the ridiculous stuff. What's his what's his face says.
All right. Let's go to this story is very interesting that Jason referenced
in the intro tonight there. Loki, tell us about this.
Yeah. So one thing Grand Theft Auto five and Grand Theft Auto online is known for is
extremely long load times. So thankfully, you know, one player who was quite a fan of the game
managed to modify it in a way that reduced load times by 70 percent. And so he had put out
a kind of a workaround to do that and then let Rockstar know that you found this way to do it.
And they actually went ahead and made it official and actually released it as a patch for the game.
So that is actually out now. You can check it out. But on top of that, not only did they
put it as an official update, but they also gave him a bug bounty reward of ten thousand dollars,
which normally they would only pay out for, say, finding security flaws or stuff like that.
But being that this improved load times by such a significant amount, I mean,
they thought that they'd make an exception to the rule and go ahead and give tossed or toast
his money, which is pretty awesome. But that's cool. Yeah. That is very interesting. I have to
go check it out because, I mean, the load times, it's been a while since I played Grand Theft Auto
five, but load times are like in the minutes. It's it's a very long load time.
I'm just kind of shocked that this was found by somebody outside of Take-Two.
You know, that's the surprising thing about it. Yeah, without the source code and stuff. So
basically just released a fix that you could check it out. But, you know, after they did some more
analysis and stuff, you know, they were able to implement it. So it was pretty awesome.
This is why we need the modding community. Exactly. Well, I mean, modding community has
been fixing games for a long time. I mean, look at anything Bethesda makes. Certainly not the first
time that they fixed something like this, but it is nice to see some of these become official
releases. I want to say, like, we've had other games do this before. I don't know if it was like
Cyberpunk or something like that, but like they had a few games where they've actually, you know,
put out, you know, fan made mods or whatever, or incorporate that stuff into a game to be able to
make it, you know, actually run better. So that's pretty nice. As Joe and Hunter Matt says, this
saved the months of development time, I'm sure. Oh, I'm sure. For sure. Yeah. All right. All right.
All right. Well, let's move on and talk about a pretty cool discovery in this past week of some
prototypes and some demos for the PlayStation 2. It's very interesting when these kind of like
old gaming things kind of come up again. That website is the cutting room floor,
something like that, that shows all the stuff that was removed from games.
That site is really awesome. Anyway, another type of game preservation group called the
Hidden Palace over hidden palace.org has released 700 PlayStation 2 early builds,
prototypes, E3 and press release demos. They did a whole Twitch stream over six hours where they
show different PS2 pre-release builds for things like Crash Bandicoot, The Wrath of Cortex,
Final Fantasy X-2, Lego Star Wars, the video game and Crazy Taxi. Some of those builds were
only at places like E3 or they were built specifically for the preview end of things.
Some were debug builds, some were betas, but they were all found and they worked with this online
group to restore them, I guess. Over 850 gigabytes of stuff. So that's pretty cool. And I guess
the other part of this is that they're not done. Apparently there are more prototypes that they're
going to dig through and release. And certainly this gets into a whole bunch of like, well,
what is ethical? What is not? But when you consider these are all the way back in the
PlayStation 2 era, these are games that are not being sold as new anymore. I think it's a fine
thing. Especially because these were things that were, a lot of them were out there in the public
eye at things like E3 and stuff like that. People just want to preserve gaming history and this is
all a part of that and gave us the console and the games that we remember. So I think that's
pretty neat. Dartitsuya says, I saw a bit of that stream yesterday and then says the website I'm
trying to think of Cutting Room Floor, TCRF.net. And then Hidden Palace is the group that did this.
They were showing a Simpsons skateboarding game. Yeah, pretty cool. So I like when we get the whole
stuff from the past and the, ooh, we almost had this instead of this and the differences.
There's also Twitter called, I think like Forest of Illusion or Land of Illusion,
something like that. Oh yeah. I think I've heard of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they link back to
some of this too. Nice. All right. Well, what a nice segue into our segment called the Classic
Game of the Week where Dark Soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that
she thinks, Hey, you should check this game out. This wasn't a cut game. This was actually released
and actually the game she picked tonight, A, I can't believe she didn't pick before because this
is a game that I would have picked as Classic Game of the Week because I played a lot of this,
believe it or not. I love this game. Um, but, uh, I love the logo for this game. I love a lot about
this game. I love the music in this game. I love the characters, but anyway, uh, and I think it's
a great, uh, it's also great show off of the system that it's on. Anyway, uh, Dark Sakura,
Classic Game of the Week. What are we talking about? So the Classic Game of the Week is UN
Squadron, which in Japan was called Area 88. And we are looking at the Japanese version of the game
tonight. Yeah. Um, just, you know, I, I, the big, it was just happened to be like the, the better
quality one that I found, but I freaking love the, the logo for the unicorn with the main on fire.
I mean, I would have a tattoo of that if I could, you know, um, if it wasn't like so like niche
there, but to go into a little bit of detail, Area 88 was a manga. Um, and the characters in
the game are from the manga. There was also, uh, uh, an anime that actually had some really
good music in it. Um, I just, I actually watched the OAV last night. Um, but at any rate, um, they,
the, their goal is to stop a terrorist group that's called Project 4. So, um, this game, uh,
came out, uh, in the arcade. Um, it was, uh, public, it was done by Capcom. It came out,
actually, there were, there were various different releases of it. So the, um, the arcade release was
on, uh, in August, 1989. And then on the Super Nintendo, July 26th, uh, 1991 in Japan, September
91 in North America and December 92 in, uh, Europe. So it is a side scrolling shooter,
which was actually against kind of Capcom's established style because they, you know,
1942, 1943, the battle of Midway, they were, um, were vertical, uh, scrolling shooters. This was
a side scrolling shooter, but very similar to a lot of their other ones. Um, you start,
you have an energy bar that's consumed over the course of your single life when you sustain damage.
Um, now one of the things that, um, that it has is, um,
um, that, you know, a lot of the games are like, when you get hit, you, you know,
your ship blows up and a new ship blows in until you're out of lives. So before you enter a level,
you can also purchase special weapons, um, or defense in the shop. It was just funny, the shop,
you know, everybody in this game is from the manga or anime. Um, but you earn money to buy
your weapons by destroying enemy planes and vehicles during the level. And then when you're
finished, any unused weapons are converted back into money. So you can play as one of
three main characters. You have Shin Kazama, you have Mickey Simon and you have Greg Gates.
And each pilot has their own plane and their own specialty in the supernest version,
you can get a different range of planes. So you start off with 300, uh, with the,
sorry, $3,000 and the F8 Crusader, and you can buy other aircraft and weapon as you progress.
Um, and one of the things that was mentioned in the development of this game is that this is one
of the games that was a part of Capcom strategy to appeal to a wider audience by using characters
that were established in other media because they thought their own characters were too niche.
So, um, other games that were in this category was Willow, which I talked about in another session
and Destiny of an Emperor. Um, the area area 88 was, uh, ported to, um, super Nintendo,
super Famicom. Um, and then of course, retitled as UN squadron, um, in, uh, US and Europe. Um,
and the poster that was created for it, for the Western audiences was actually done by
an illustrator named Mark Erickson, who was also the illustrator of the Mega Man 2 and
Strider covers. Um, there was a version that was also for the Capcom power system changer.
It was planned, but it was never released. Um, in Japan, uh, Game Machine was, uh, the, uh,
sixth most successful, uh, arcade unit of 1989. Um, Famitsu gave it a 28 out of 40 for the
super Nintendo. IGN ranked, uh, the game as 37th on the top 100 super Nintendo games list,
which was the highest ranking side scrolling shooter on the list. And EGM gave this NES
version an A and picked it as the 12th greatest game available in 1991. So, I mean, this game,
it gets nuts as you go through it too. I mean, it's not, I would say one of the super easiest
games and I've seen people beat this on the hardest mode. So kudos to them. And then of
course there was, um, while there wasn't a true sequel, there was a spiritual successor called
Carrier Air Wing. And I may go over this game a little bit later. It came out in 1990 and it
was also, um, it was a CP, uh, system arcade, uh, machine that only had an arcade release.
But, um, but the thing that's notable more about Area 88 is because it's port to super Nintendo
really, I think boosted the knowledge of this game outside of Japan and really boosted its
popularity in general. It made it accessible to audiences that might not have seen it otherwise.
So, um, that is the classic game. It is UN squadron or, uh, area 88, which, um, has a cool
logo because it's a unicorn on fire. Great pick. Um, like I said, you know, before we went into the
game tonight, um, this is a game I remember playing a lot on the super Nintendo. I didn't
own it. I think I rented it at least three or four times. So, uh, cause I really enjoy this game. Um,
but, um, interesting about the review scores when you were going over that, how Famitsu, I mean,
I realized the Famitsu criteria, especially in the older days was really tough. Like, you know,
very few games used to get forties, fairly decent score for me too. I guess, but it just seems so
different than what the rest of the world. Then you talk about these U S based, uh, publications
are giving it much higher scores and putting it in their top games of the year. It just seems like
such a, like maybe this game wasn't as well, and correct me if I'm wrong, maybe this game just
wasn't as well received into culture in Japan, the way it was here, even though it was based off
a Japanese manga. It's really not a bad score for Famitsu. Yeah. For that era of Famitsu. It's really,
they are so stingy with good scores. I guess that's true. Yeah. Um, and you know,
keep in mind too, that, you know, this is a timeframe in Japan where, you know, we have so
many other, you know, a lot of the great shooters were actually on the mega drive and a PC engine.
Mm. So I mean, there was definitely better out, but you know, this game by no extension was a bad
game. A 28, you know, keep in mind, this is 28 out of 40. So it's almost 30. I thought you said
20. Oh, no, I said 28. Oh, okay. Well, 28 is a little better. Yeah. Oh God. I thought you
said 20 and I was like, that's not a great score. All right. 28 would just be like average. Okay.
28. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's a little, that's a little more reasonable. Okay. Cool. Yeah. All
right. There it is. Your classic game of the week. UN squadron area, area 88, depending on where you
live. I think area 88 was a better name. Yeah. Well, I knew, I knew it was better. Yeah, true.
There is that. I mean, not just, well, I mean, the unicorn was in both of them, but I think that the
text, even like if you find the, the anime, the US releases, even the logo for area 88 in English
looked better than the one for UN squadron. UN squadron was kind of dull. All right. Well,
let's check out some other news going on in the gaming world with some rapid fire news. Um, let's
go to, uh, why did I type games in the sidebar tonight on Twitch TV? It should be rapid fire
news. That's all right. We'll talk about some games in rapid fire news. I guess that's what
happens when I type too fast, rapid fire type the stuff up tonight. I mush words together.
All right. Logie. All right. Um, so we've got some more announcements regarding fixes coming to
cyberpunk 2077. So the next fix that they have planned is going to be fixing the cop AI, which
it's severely needed and also the way the cars handle. So this is, um, patch 1.2 and they said
fewer cops are going to randomly spawn directly behind you. The second you pull, you step out,
um, they have adjustments for speed and steering, make driving easier and sensitivity slider
tweaks. They cars control even better, even when the frame rate dips down the new unstuck feature
that activates when you accelerate, but don't move because you're stuck on something and, uh,
more options for the wise bindings on keyboard and option to turn off double tapping, um,
the movement key to dodge. So, uh, that's supposed to be coming out here pretty soon,
but they haven't really announced yet when it's going to be coming. At least we know what it's
going to fix. And the copy, I mean, I've seen videos where they've spawned into walls and stuff
or you're up on a top of a building and you shoot somebody and also there's a cop like right behind
you. Like how, how did you get there? So, um, very cool to see that happening. Um, and then also
game that I'm not too excited about, but it is, uh, something that was shown off during the,
uh, you know, like kind of the E3 period last year. So Gotham Knights was the brand new
Warner brothers Montreal game. Well, it's been delayed to 2022, which is not surprising because
I know a lot of folks are, a lot of teams are behind with, um, just development because of
COVID. And of course, you know, the trend nowadays thankfully has been to give the developers a little
bit more time. So the game doesn't release as a buggy mess. So, um, yeah, glad to see that they're
giving it more time before we get to dark soccer's rapid fire news. I'm, I'm giggling here because,
we could hear Stella in the background or you're at Loki and dark soccer and chat,
but hi smush. And I was like, Oh no, that's not smush. That's Stella.
I should recognize the voice. She's across from, she's on the entire other side of the house.
She's not even in the same room as I am in right now. That's how loud she is.
But we have vaulted ceilings in there. No, we don't have vaulted ceilings. We just have a
cheap house. I've got a vaulted ceiling in mine just because they didn't build a, you know,
a ceiling. Yeah. It's a vaulted ceiling here too. Yeah. But, but, but what I was going to say is
that smush walked in here after that, because I think he heard Stella because there's also the
play through on the TV here. So I think here, cause I was like, well now smush is here cause
he's meowing at something. He probably heard Stella. That's just cracking me up. So no,
I think she's being kicked. See, she likes laying down in my oldest son's room and sleeps on his
bed. And so since they're going to bed, she probably got kicked out of there. And so now
she's screaming at everybody for attention. Oh no, smush is here because other daddy is
feeding him right now. That's why smushes. Yes. See, I, I lock Midna out of this room and I wear
headphones. So I wear headphones too, but this, this mic picks everything up. It's crazy. So,
all right. Anyhow, uh, let's mail, mail, mail, mail. Yes. And now a lot of folks in our chat
over twitch.tv slash VOG network are spanning the smush emote because Alan got a smush emote
because he's allowed, he's also smushes dad. So, uh, he took a smush emote for his channel,
which if you go to his channel, he always has a little, like instead of the NBC or CBS logo in
the corner all the time, he has a smush logo in the corner all the time. So, uh, he, he took that
emote, but people that are subbing to his channel are now spamming that emote here. So you might be
wondering, is VOG network going to get a smush emote? I don't know. We might. I mean, it's not
like we can't have more smush emotes. Um, but we maybe want a Midna emote or a Stella emote,
and maybe that'll be a thing. So we'll see. All right. Dark Tetsuya says my wife's cat heard all
the cat talk apparently. And then, uh, to which bonds double 06, uh, followed up with
instead of ASMR, it's going to be cat talk. Ready? ASMR needs to go away forever.
All right. Moving on, but cat talk, cat talk and stay, right?
Cat talk stays forever. ASMR dies. It's so terrible. It makes me so uncomfortable.
All right. Well, hopefully, uh, some rapid fire news won't make you uncomfortable.
Stark soccer. What do you have for us in rapid fire news tonight?
Well, um, super bomber man are, is going to be coming to PS4, Xbox one switch and PC is a free
to play title. Um, the PC one will be through steam. Um, and of course it was first announced
for Stadia, um, September, 2020. So now we're getting it everywhere else because Stadia is
dying, I think. And then technically no, but realistically, yeah.
Realistically it's looking like Deadpool right about now. Um, anyway, and then, uh,
there is a new owner for Toys R Us and they plan on reopening stores. Um, the quote says we're
coming off a year where toys are on fire and for Toys R Us, the U S is really a blank canvas.
So, uh, they've actually tried a couple of pop-up locations, um, that closed due to poor traffic.
Um, you know, that just had to do from COVID, but, um, they are looking like they're coming
back and meeting that's purchased on the Toys R Us website right now, those still being routed
through Amazon, just saying so cool. We can still be Toys R Us kidlets.
That'll be nice to go to stores again, to go to the mall again. I mean, I guess technically
I could go now, but I just haven't really, I haven't really had the desire to go to, uh, you
know, uh, bed bath and beyond that strongly, you know, to brave them all. So, but now, now that the
jabs are here, I'm feeling a little better. I'll feel a lot better in about a month.
I am not going until that two weeks after I've had my shot. Yeah. I'm then I'm going to fucking San
Francisco. I know I'm trying to be a good boy too. And, uh, wait, but I'm, I'm, uh, very happy
thinking ahead to may, you know, even if we can't have the big conventions yet, we don't know. We
don't know the status of some of these. The nice thing will be, is that like, I can go see a movie
and not feel like it's going to be, you know, a horrific experience. It'll be nice to have some
normal things back. Uh, COVID living hasn't been any different. Well, except working from home and,
and having to leave the house even less for me, it's been very different. So, all right. Anyhow,
let's travel around the world and check out some release dates. Uh, let's start with Loki. What
video games are coming out in the U S this week? Uh, we've got vaporium lockdown on
Nintendo switch, overcooked all you can eat on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four and Xbox one
Puyo Puyo Tetris two on PC story of seasons pioneers of all of town on Nintendo switch
paradise lost on PC and a PlayStation four and Xbox one, uh, love live school idol festival
afterschool activity. Why, why home meeting? Why is that a name? Uh, that's on PlayStation four,
believe it or not a rhythm game from Square Enix, uh, tales from the borderlands on Nintendo switch
black legend on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four PlayStation five,
Xbox one and Xbox series X evil inside on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four PlayStation five
Xbox one and Xbox series X, uh, dandy ACE on PC. We've got dark complete edition on PlayStation
five and Xbox series X Yakuza six, the song of life on PC and Xbox one, uh, ballon wonderland
on PC, Nintendo switch PlayStation four PlayStation five, Xbox one and Xbox series X
crash bandicoot. It's about time on PC. It takes two on PC PlayStation four PlayStation five Xbox
one Xbox series X monster Hunter rise on intended switch subverse on PC, Tony Hawk's pro skater one
and two on PlayStation five and Xbox series X. And finally record of lotus wars deed it in wonder
in wonder labyrinth. I bought that game and that's on PC. I need to play that game. I love
load us where I even have, uh, the first book. All right. Traveling to Japan and checking out
the releases there on the Nintendo switch. We have a game, uh, called memories off Historia.
That's not, uh, it's off, uh, volume one and volume two. And then there's a limited edition.
I imagine that's kind of a bundle of both of them, uh, coming out on the switch this week. Also the
house in Fata Morgana dreams of the revenants edition comes out on the switch this week as
well. AI kiss two in regular and limited edition and a sea of saltitude. The director's cut comes
out in Japan as well. A busy week in Japan, my heavens, uh, a clockwork lay line, uh, Kageiro
no Samayo Majo comes out this week and the quintessential quintuplets summer memories also
come in five. That is the name of the game comes out this week. Uh, SD Gundam G generation Genesis
for Nintendo switch also out this week, busy week. And there's lastly a game called lover pretend,
which I thought was kind of an interesting name. I was like lover pretend. Is that like a one night
lover? Like what is that? Uh, but it turns out it looks like it's based on a manga as you know,
some of these games are, uh, often, uh, doing that. And I was kind of like reading up on what
this is and I guess it's about a main character and, uh, she is studying for university and
doing part-time work and she wants to become a script writer, uh, which was also her mom's dream.
And then she wants to find her father who she never met. So she goes to talk to people that
were involved in the drama and as such becomes cast in the, the drama itself as the love interest.
So it's a fake. So lover pretend is because she's the fake love interest in the, I don't know.
I was like, this is some drama for a Nintendo switch game. This is some drama
anyway, uh, on the PlayStation five this week, uh, ballon wonderland. And that's really about it.
It's a much slower week in the PlayStation universe. All right. Uh, let's move on dark
soccer. How about the UK? Just a little bit. We have, um, uh, uh, basically all of this is
on the 26th. We have over overcooked, all you can eat, uh, samurai showdown. Oh wait,
that's the 23rd. Sorry. The 25th we have hunting simulator to tennis world tour to, um,
monster truck championship. Um, on the 26th, we have, uh, the monster Hunter, uh,
Nintendo switch edition plus the pro controller, um, hot shot racing. We have a story of seasons,
pioneers of all of town. We have monster Hunter rise ballon, wonder world space-based star topia.
That's just a cool sounding name. Isn't it? And it takes two. All right. Pretty busy week for games,
all things considered all around the world. All right. We have some more news stories for you
guys, and then we're going to take more of your comments and questions and discussion items,
um, in our listener round table segment. So, um, joining the fun over at twitch.tv slash
VOG network, or you can always send the show an email participate at orange lounge radio.com.
I think we have a couple of those tonight, but we'll get to those later for now. We have some
news Loki. Yeah. So Google has announced that they're going to be dropping the service fees
on the first million that developers make off of their apps on the Google play store,
from 15% to 30 or from 30 to 15%. So that's going to start July 1st. And that's for the
first million dollars that they make on their app. Um, they said that of course,
that's helping developers build sustainable business is part of the core part of Google
plays mission. We're working with partners every day to understand their challenges that they face
and bring them innovative ideas. Um, I think this probably is directly related to the whole
Epic games, uh, lawsuit thing that they had with Google play and over the app store
on the Apple side of things. Um, I mean, it's a good move that they are dropping that fee down,
but I have a feeling it's somewhat related to that. So I guess we'll see what, what happens
with this. Well, it's also kind of reminiscent of what, um, some of the stores on PC have been
doing, right? Cause, uh, didn't Epic games start a thing there that kind of had waves where, you
know, folks are taking smaller cuts, at least for that first little chunk of money. Well, yeah,
Epic games had always had like smaller fees. Um, I think, you know, steam was still the one that
was kind of like, you know, uh, charging more. I want to say though that steam has a deal in place
too for certain things, but I can't remember the details on that. And I want to say that was
something more for like almost larger developers, like after a certain period of time, they'd take
less, but I don't remember. It's been a while, but yeah, I'm sure this is directly related to
their lawsuits. Hmm. We'll have to see what develops with the lawsuits. All right, moving on.
So whereas there's a smaller cut from Google there, uh, if you are a G force now, uh, person,
there's going to be a larger cut in the future. Well, actually, no, not if you're, if you're
using it today, nothing's going to change for you. But if you were thinking about getting on
G force now, uh, it's going to cost you a little more money at this point. So here's what happened.
Uh, Nvidia doubled the price of G force now up to $10 a month. So it was $5 a month before
now it's $10 a month. Uh, if you want an annual plan, it's going to be a hundred dollars a year.
The good news is though, if you are already subscribing to this, you're now locked into
the founder's plan, all the same perks as priority, only $5 a month. So that's pretty
cool. I wish Netflix would do that. Uh, instead of the price going up every, every couple months,
um, you're locked in at $5, essentially for life, as long as you don't cancel,
pause, you know, as long as your subscription stays in good standing, you're locked in at that
$5 rate. So, um, that's pretty cool. But yeah, if you've been waiting to get in on G force now,
whoops, you waited too long. Now it's going to cost $10 a month. Um, Nvidia, uh, in an interview
with a games beat, uh, was talking about the $10 a month is the target price. They were really
wanting to go for this whole time. They were subsidizing the cost to make the service more
appealing. If you haven't used G force now, it kind of came around at the same time as say
things like stadia. And it's somewhat the same concept. It's cloud gaming. However,
uh, it's cloud gaming based on titles you already own. So if you bought a game on steam,
you can essentially play that game in the cloud with a G force. Now, if the studio has allowed
it, because this, uh, service was in the news a lot in the early days, because they put a lot
of games on it that, uh, developers didn't want it on it because they saw it as kind of infringing
on their rights and the money that they're entitled to. So only so many games have really
allowed themselves to be on this platform. Um, I know I've, I've played because they have a free
version. If you want to try it, you're limited to like an hour and you have to wait a little
bit, a couple of minutes to get into your game session. But I played around with no man's sky,
of course, love that game. I played around with that in the G force now. And it was, uh, it was,
you know, it was similar to stadia, you know, uh, it was like I was playing a YouTube live. Um,
but, uh, it's nice for especially computers that maybe are having a hard time, uh, struggling with
a game that you bought that really demands high-end hardware there. So also an update,
apparently coming out to G force now, um, that will, uh, improve streaming quality through an
adaptive V sync technology. This will sync frame rates at either 60 Hertz or 59.94 Hertz on the
server side to match how the games are displayed in the client that they are looking to cut down
stutter and latency with this. So that's kind of interesting. Um, I'm curious, especially for the
chat, what do you all think about this G force now? Do any of you use it? Do any of you find
it to be the preferable alternative to stadia? I do like that. Essentially, if you buy a game,
you have it on both services. Now it's the whole, you got to pony up money to use somebody else's
computer, but I suppose that's not much different than say using a VPN or something like that.
So I don't know, Loki, any interest from you for, uh, G force now?
No, not really. Cause I'm not going to stream more games considering that, uh, I have so many
of my games already that I don't play. So I just don't have a real need to stream stuff with G
force. Now I'll just install them and play them if I need to. But yeah, probably not.
Ice P in chat says G force now. I'm sorry. It's ice P one in chat says G force. Now I can't take
the latency. I don't remember having latency issues. I'll have to try it again. To be fair.
I played it like months ago and it was first in the headlines. I never bothered paying for it.
I just played the free version just because I was curious, wanting to check it out. Um,
tiger law does say you need good internet for G force now, however. Um, and, uh,
as a 200, Matt says, how about getting one of those G force RTX cards?
Now talk about things. You're just going to give up on buying until it's actually on the store
shell for those high-end graphics cards. My God, that's a whole other, I'm scared for the day.
I finally need to update my graphics card cause games won't run on my PC anymore. I might have
to use cloud gaming cause I'm not going to be able to find a fucking graphics card because people
need their doge coin, I guess. Ugh. All right. Anyhow, hopefully the pandemic will solve some,
one or sorry, is the pandemic being over or I shouldn't say over, but, um, behind us,
let's say, uh, will be, uh, help some of these issues, but we'll see. Moving on.
How about a subject that I know dark saga is very interested in.
Yay. Dragon age. Um, so, uh, BioWare, um, you know, basically threw us a bone,
all of us who have been waiting for dragon age four. We hadn't had any news in a while. Um,
so it is going, you know, they did, uh, basically have a report that they're going to be dropping
all of the multiplayer features that they were going to put in it just to keep it as a single
player RPG. Um, but they did release some concept art, um, for, it looks like a, a mage character.
Um, really cool looking. I like the, the style of it. I've always actually liked the,
ever since dragon age two, I think that they've really found their styles for the various parts,
you know, areas in, in their world. Um, but yeah, they put this Twitter up and saying that
we could use a little pick me up. So it was awfully nice of them. And of course, uh,
we're not going to really get the game until probably, uh, April, 2022. So it'll be next
year's birthday present, but Hey, at least you have that mass effect trilogy coming up.
I got to decide if, if, if they don't do a Mac version, then I got to get a new card for
my, my poor dying PC. So we'll see no interest in trying console just to kind of bridge it.
I thought I'd try. I'm going to, I'm going to get it for my series X,
but I played the series the first time. What I mod. Oh yeah. There is that true, true.
All right. Yeah. Let's move on to, uh, games in the future. We might be able to mod Loki.
Well, uh, Jade Raymond has announced that she is going to be formatting or forming a new,
uh, independent studio called Haven. And that they're going to be working on a brand new IP
developed for PlayStation better luck. Wasn't she in the news like two weeks ago for leaving stadia?
Yeah. So, well, first party development. So, uh, she says, I'm proud to, uh, proud of the
team we built at stadia, um, games, entertainment, and the ground breaking work on exclusive games
for that platform. It was difficult decision to take a new opportunity and I will be forever
grateful for this team for everything we learned at chief together, Google. Yeah. She didn't put
that in there, but, um, but yeah, so they're apparently, uh, I mean, working on new IP,
so we'll have to see what that is, but that sounds pretty exciting. Yeah. Like I said,
good for her. And I liked the fact that it's an original IP. And so it's something that Sony's
trying to use to kind of add to their side of things. So, um, we'll have to see what they come
up with. Obviously this is, this ain't something you're going to be playing until like 2024.
It's just going to be a ways out, but, um, it's, it's, it's in progress, I guess. All right.
That'd be interesting. Well, if you want to play some games a lot sooner on the PlayStation, uh,
boy, oh boy, they're coming through with 10 free games. That's right. Not, not PlayStation plus
games. Those are still a thing that happened every month, but this is under the, um, uh,
PlayStation play at home promo, uh, is that they're actually giving away 10 free games. However,
you only have about a month to grab them. So from March 25th at eight in the evening,
and I wouldn't try to grab it right when they go live, till April 22nd at eight in the evening,
you can grab Abzu, Enter the Gungeon, Rez Infinite, Subnautica, The Witness,
Astro Bot Rescue Mission, Moss, Thumper, and Paper Beast, all for free. It should be pointed out,
the Astro Bot Rescue Mission, Moss, and Paper Beast. Those are PlayStation VR titles. Otherwise
two of them are VR optional titles. The music games are as infinite and thumper. Um, but still,
uh, yeah, that's pretty amazing. Now I only named nine games. That's because the 10th game,
Horizon Zero Dawn, the complete edition will be free from April 19th until May 14th. That's my
birthday. So that will happy birthday. Here's a free game. Um, right now for some people, I mean,
it's, it's, I gotta say, if you're on PlayStation Plus, I think at least one, two, three, four of
these have been PlayStation Plus titles in the past. However, um, free is free. Uh, and that is
sometimes the price you pay of being an early adopter, right? You buy Final Fantasy 7 remake
for 60 bucks and then a year later they're giving it away, but they, they have some nice perks for
the folks that were in there originally. And I bet, well, I was going to say, I bet with
Horizon Zero Dawn, they're not giving away the DLC, but then it's staring me right there in the
face. Complete edition. So how about that? But of course, they're trying to stir up a lot of buzz
for the sequel. I'm sure. Ain't nothing real free in this world. Anyway, uh, this is Play at Home
2021. There is also a 90 day trial that is an extended trial for Funimation. If you're, uh,
wanting to get in on that, you have from March 25th to April 22nd to get in on that.
So again, you do not need PlayStation Plus for these free games. This is outside of that.
All you need is a PlayStation device to play them on. And I would imagine a PS5 would work for all
these PS4 games with your backwards compatibility. Uh, just the VR titles, you know, unless you have
that adapter are going to be a little, little trickier, but pretty cool. Uh, anything in that
list you guys are going to be grabbing? I'll grab everything. I haven't, I don't think I've
Astrobot yet, but yeah, I was gonna say I have everything except the VR only titles. So the
Astrobot and Moss are like the only things that I literally have every other game that they're
giving away, but I'm not mad because I realized for other people, it's going to be a chance that,
you know, they're getting to play the games for the first time. So pretty cool. Uh, good point
from bonds, double 06. I have four of those games in Epic platform. So on PC and the Epic store,
sometimes they do giveaways and some of those games will actually a lot like every week. So
some of those games have been in the Epic, uh, free stuff too. Uh, and pixel pockets is
recommending Moss. It's a great game. Highly recommended if you have PlayStation VR. Yeah.
I've heard of that one before. And I, you know, a lot of times with these games, there's probably
a reason they're giving them away too, is that they really kind of show off the platform. Um,
and it's, you know, especially with a lot of the rabble rabble in the last week being game pass,
game pass, game pass. Maybe this isn't Sony's answer to game pass, but this is definitely
Sony's like, here's how we treat our PlayStation crowd. You know, here's just 10 free games on the
house. Enjoy. So something for everyone. It's interesting. All right. I thought, I thought
free games was a nice thing to end things on tonight. All right. Uh, let's get into the Lister
round table every week. We invite you guys to, um, add things to the show, uh, whether it be in
our chat room or through our mailbag participate at orange lounge radio.com. And I think dark
Sakura is going to open up the mailbag right now. Yep. We, um, we have two emails, so I'll go ahead
and read the first. Um, this one comes from Ranma greetings, everyone. I hope that everyone had a
great week, Rob, and the last couple of episodes, you mentioned a couple of things I wanted to
discuss when you mentioned how conventions are going virtual with events and panels,
and that when we return to some sense of normalcy, that streaming will still be a part of the
convention. That is something that I wish for as well. The problem is most hotels and convention
centers may not have the bandwidth for it from working with other Twitch streamers,
having a connection up to 10 megs up and down is perfect for a 10 ADP stream. Most hotels and
convention centers will have a two megabit connection. If that I can vouch for this and
they charge an arm and a leg for higher speed connections. If it is available because of that,
I have a feeling that the conventions will drop that and rely on recording panels and events to
post on their YouTube page at a later date. On top of that, uh, these conventions would need to set
up cameras and streaming equipment in each room. Some conventions may have the finances to do this.
Others may not be so lucky, but I am one of the few geek media outlets that have come prepared
and will help to the best of my abilities. So let's hope, I think it means that this can be
a part of the new norm. You're at home dude. Um, uh, I also think when it comes to like the
hotel thing and their shitty internet as the joke, this is going to be something that I think is
going to be like the convention centers of, of the world and the hotels. This is something that
they're going to need to up their game on because if they see this coming where there's going to be
more of a demand for virtual events, then they need to stop being the laughing stock of internet.
And I understand a convention with thousands of nerds places a huge demand on bad bandwidth.
It's very challenging to me. I get that. But I think this is a challenge that the hotel and
the convention center industry kind of needs to meet in that new normal. I think if we're talking
about the, the industry is changing, then all parts of that industry, not just the convention
itself, but the venues that are charging the conventions money to host them are going to
have to change. If I were going to put on a convention and I knew this place had shitty
internet and this place had decent internet, I'd want to go to the place of decent internet.
So I think this is something we might see. Maybe that reputation may evolve a little bit, but again,
it's, it's tough for these hotels and stuff because they're just not prepared for a convention
that draws thousands of nerds when most of the year they don't have those types of conventions.
So it'll be, it'll, it'll really, I mean, when we're talking about the convention scene,
we have to talk about business conventions, you know, conventions about bridal expos and car
shows that also, if they're not evolving to some more virtual stuff, then these venues are not
going to see the need. So something to think about anyway, sorry, Jamie, but wanted to respond
to that before we move on to another bullet. Okay. The next point, number two, you also
mentioned that OLR is about gaming, even though it was all the other hosts have taken time out
to talk about other important matters last week. I don't fully remember if you said that was a good
thing or not and apologizing for going off topic, but to be honest, most of us are here for that.
I love how you, Jamie and Matt bring up important topics here for, sorry, I got lost,
that us gamers need to know. So many people listen to podcasts and why not? And I do know that we
lost a listener when you spoke about BLM. I was touched and moved by that. That was something I
truly appreciated. And if anyone else has a problem with that, then they can stop listening. OLR is
family and we take care of family and no one gets left behind. Amen. I guess ironic considering the
topic, I didn't know this was a thing so ironic considering the topic we were talking about
earlier, but from the heart, that's all I can say. And honestly, I have learned a lot from the
audience. I think that's something you guys need to keep in mind. I am so thankful that we have
such a diverse group of people willing to waste three to four hours on a Sunday night to listen
to this because I learned from you guys too. And that's an important part of this. So thank you.
Number three. And lastly, today we at Anime Jam Session did a virtual convention. We did a 60
minute version of our podcast. That went quite well. And for this, I pulled out my vog polo and
wore it. I then realized how much I missed wearing that shirt at conventions. And I do look forward
to the day when my whole staff can rock our vog polos at the next convention that is safe.
Well, that's all on my mind for now. I must go seeing how I haven't had lunch yet and I'm
starving. Take care, everyone. And I will see you all on the flip side, Ranma.
I miss wearing the shirts to conventions too. Although I'm going to be honest, my polo has
seen better days at this point. But that's why I'm sporting one of the new shirts. I bought two of
these. Well, two different types. We have some different stuff over at vognetwork.com slash shop
if you want to pick up a shirt. And when the convention- Which we still need V-neck ladies
shirts. Get on me about that during the week and not during the middle of the live show and
I'll go in there and add it. So all right. And we need more designs for shirts, so I'll trade you.
All right. Well, I've been making music, so. I guess that works too. But anyway, yeah,
check out the shop and we'll be adding to that. And especially when the convention scene comes
back, we'll want people to have shirts they can wear and have our name on it because that's free
advertising for us. So thanks. Awesome. Next email. Next email. Thank you, Ranma, for that email.
Hello, LR. Do we all miss going to conventions and festivals? Hey, this is Deja Vu. I sure do.
And so do the folks who have been running the MAGFest Indie Video Game Showcase for over the
last several years. Now, under the new title, Indie Maker Syndicate, they're running their
first virtual indie game showcase. It's called Maker's Play and it's taking place this weekend
from Friday, March 26th to Sunday, March 28th. I guess that's this upcoming weekend. Yeah,
this upcoming weekend. Yeah. Forty five games are being featured during this event, which will be
taking place across Twitch and Discord. On the Discord server, each game has its own set of
channels where you'll be able to chat with the developers, watch the games be streamed and even
play them remotely using the Parsec app. On Twitch stream, you'll be able to watch special
guest streamers try a selection of featured games. And if that wasn't enough, there's even a VR chat
virtual expo hall featuring all of the developers games. You might be wondering why I'm bringing
this up. Well, it's because Super Multitasking will be one of the featured games. And to celebrate
Super Multitasking is getting a free weekend on Steam. That's right. If you haven't yet taken the
plunge, you'll be able to try the full game for free this weekend. And it'll be discounted 25%
too if you want to pick it up. If you're interested in checking out Maker's Play,
you can check yyrgames.com, the Super Multitasking page on Steam, the Vug Network Discord,
or indymakerssyndicate.com for more information. I hope to see you all virtually next weekend.
Thanks again for the show and have a great week. Keep on playing. Aaron, yyr.
Aaron Congrats on that convention, yyr. That's a very clever way to do it in this day and age.
So you know, obviously, I'm hopeful we can have a magfest by February. But I love this idea. It's
like a bandaid to kind of hold I'm sorry, but I guess it's I guess it's a January thing. The
February one was my favorite, though. Sorry. But the the fact that you have this whole virtual
thing is pretty cool. So that sounds like a really clever way to do it. I like the idea of like,
you go into the different Discord channels and you can actually play the game and talk with the
developer there. That's that's pretty rad. I love that. You guys thought that went through.
And I'm all for Super Multitasking, getting more exposure. Good for you. All right.
We like exposure.
For sure. All right. Let's see. SJ 100 Matt in chat says most folks like the February magfest.
Bobby Blackwell says except for magfest. Look, I actually and the January thing like it's the
January thing is not a deal breaker for me. Like I think it was for Bobby. I'm open to coming back
to magfest, especially now. The the upside of this pandemic. I mean, I have to look real hard to find
one. But the upside is that I have a lot like I don't have the time off issues I had at my last
employer. I had to stop going to as many conventions because my last employer didn't
give as much time off as I was used to at the job I was at for 14 years. So I was a job for 14 years.
And having been there so long, I had a lot of time off to go out to a lot of conventions. I went to a
new employer. They were fine. I have nothing bad to say about them. The only downside was that I
because I was new, I didn't really have time off. I couldn't go to all the conventions I used to
once I took my week for Dragon Con and only left me with so much. Now I'm at a third employer. And
the thing is with all this going on right now in the world, I'm not taking time off,
even though I probably should be. But I will not have those same issues I was having last employer.
It's a little more generous in that department. So without giving away all, you know, I don't
like to talk about my day job. You guys know I like to keep that separate. But like now it's
just a money thing. Can I afford the flight out to DC? And, you know, I have to be mindful of
those sorts of things. But if the money is there, it's a possibility. So I don't want to promise yet.
And obviously we have to see how COVID changes everything. But is going to MAGFest on the table?
Yes. Going back to MAGFest is absolutely on the table. Even if I don't end up going to MAGFest,
is going out to a different convention on the East Coast, such as New York Comic Con on the table?
Yes, absolutely. I'm going to be open to new and interesting ideas. What's that other one?
Is it FlameCon? There's some LGBTQ thing in New York I've always wanted to go to. And that's
going to be on the table for me as well. So we will see. All right. And Bobby Bockel says,
hell, I'm open to going to California to a con. Yeah. I mean, anything's possible. Oh,
like California Xtreme. Oh, that's a fun one. Next summer, you'd enjoy that.
Yeah. I'm looking forward to California Xtreme returning.
Oh, Bobby, you should think about that. And the Golden State Pinball Expo,
which we usually take our tables to. Because Bobby, if you come out here for California
Xtreme, we can do a day. Like, again, I'm daydreaming of a back to normal world. But,
you know, we can, you know, go to, I guess you've done a lot of the San Francisco stuff probably,
but there's probably other stuff up and down the Bay Area we can think of going
and do that stuff. So it'd be fun. All right. And DJ Rama S says, yes,
it's FlameCon is what I'm thinking of. Yes. So, all right. There was no other emails, right?
That was it? That was it.
All right. Participate at orangelandrater.com if you have an email for a future week.
I do want to open up, if you guys have any questions or comments in chat,
things you want us to discuss, please make sure you get that out there in chat so we can
talk about that. If there's been something, I think I've missed it. So you might want to post
that again. Meanwhile, while we wait on that, Loki, do we have any last minute stories tonight?
Just one thing I was going to mention. So we talked a few weeks ago how Microsoft was adding
some FPS boosts to certain games to allow them to run at a higher frame rate. Well, because of the
recent acquisition of Bethesda titles, there were some Bethesda games that also got that treatment.
So Dishonored Definitive Edition, Elder Scrolls V Skyrim Special Edition,
Fallout 4, Fallout 76, and Prey are now part of that FPS boost program. So that's pretty awesome.
Looks like that most of those are going to be increasing from 30 to 60 FPS. So, cool.
All right. And yeah, to clarify, because Bobby was like, I don't know if I would fly
out to California this summer. No, no, I'm sorry. My frame of reference was 2022.
So yeah, I'm not, pretty much at this point, I'm not considering anything until 2022
with the exception of Dragon Con, because I know they're only going to hold it if it's safe.
Um, and that's, that's that. So, um, yeah, Bobby says, I'm going to stick with road trips in late
2021. Then that's, that's fine. You know, we'll, we'll see how things change, but, um, just
encourage those, you know, to get the vaccine. That's how we're going to, and, you know,
when it comes to variants and things like that, well, one way to stop the virus from mutating
is to stop it from spreading. And you can do that through a vaccine and the vaccines have been
pretty effective so far, it seems like against the variants, maybe even if not as effective,
but even if a vaccine will stop you from being hospitalized, um, it's, it's probably
worth taking. So please look into that. All right. Um, I don't really see a lot of other
topics in chat to talk about. So I think we are towards the end of the program tonight.
Um, I know it's a little early, but some weeks are faster than others. That's just the way it
goes sometimes. Uh, I want to thank you guys for listening to Orange Lawns Radio tonight and
spending some time with us here at the Voice of Geeks Network. If you enjoyed what you heard
here at Orange Lawns Radio, help us spread the word, uh, because we are the show where every
gamer has a voice, but if the voices aren't here to put out on air, then, uh, we don't have them.
So, um, uh, please help us spread the word. An auto host on Twitch goes a long way. I know I find
a lot of new channels through what my friends are hosting. So, uh, please consider an auto host of
VOG Network. That really, really helps us. And thank you for that. Um, I want to give a quick
plug. Speaking of the VOG Network channel, Bobby Black Wolf is going to be live on Wednesday nights.
I know it moved. So Bobby, please correct me if I'm wrong, but Wednesday night, um, at OLR time.
So six Pacific, nine Eastern. Um, and he's going to be, uh, streaming, uh, the, the channel point
rewards. You all raised the points for, uh, those of you that watch live, he's going to be doing
his old VHS stream. So if you want to see like E3 in the Atlanta years, which was what, like 98,
uh, he's going to be doing that stuff, uh, live on Wednesday night. So that's going to be fun.
Uh, so check that out. And that also means that starting next weekend,
we're going to open up the pool for the second VOG reward stream, which will be
that, uh, Shane's definitive Pokemon rankings. That will be the next one. Hey,
so here's a funny thing I want to talk about real quick. My, my kids were watching. Uh,
they have a new Pokemon series that's on, um, Netflix. I guess it's something that they're
doing. And, um, I don't know which series it is. I don't remember, but they had a character named
shame. Um, and he, he collected shinies and it immediately reminded me of Shane. I thought that
was hilarious that they have a character that's all he's doing is collecting shinies. Well,
obviously they listened to pokey stop podcasts. Clearly they did. It was just, it was pretty
funny. But, um, yeah, so that was just, I just saw that the other day when they were watching,
I was like, wait, that's totally Shane right there. So God, I wish he was listening right
now. I'll have to send him this clip. All right. That's funny. Um, all right. So, um, I think,
I think that's it. Where was I was, I was in the middle of, uh, giving my, uh, uh, plugs here at
the end. Uh, Oh yes. I was going to say the store vog network.com. Sorry. His name was not Shane.
His name is literally Shane. It's Shane seeker.
Hold on. He, he, he literally, um, he collects Pokemon, shiny Pokemon. So Shane seeker,
did you know they put you in the Pokemon anime?
Okay. I just said it. I'll see what I get back. All right.
Orange. Right. Put a link in the chat. Oh, that's, that's awfully convenient.
How about that? Oh, it looks nothing like him though. Right. I understand that. But the
character, I mean, it's just funny, Shane. And he also, you know, collects, uh, shiny Pokemon.
I just thought it was quite the convenient or the coincidence that is quite, quite the coincidence.
That's quinky dinkle. All right. Uh, where was I and all the plugs? I don't know.
Thank you for listening and, uh, please continue to support the show. You all are wonderful for
being here every week. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Uh, let's go around and get everybody's
final thoughts. So, um, I'll start with my final thought. Cause I already kind of got into it
earlier in the show, but, um, we all need to do our part to, um, stop, uh, the hate in our society
and, uh, ask yourself what you're going to do beyond a social media, uh, performative posts
and what you're really going to do to, um, you know, make things better in the world.
Uh, that's my final thought. Uh, we'll go to Loki. Your final thought.
Uh, my final thought is I'm hoping to get a lot done on my game this week. So,
um, I'll keep you updated. All right. Good luck. And last but not least star soccer,
your final thought. Nothing changes until you make it change. Reject false icons.
Ooh, a classic. I've missed that one. All right. Have a wonderful week. Everybody
we'll see you in seven days for another March episode. Eight 62. Happy gaming.
We'll see you next week. Bye everyone. You've been listening to orange lounge radio. Orange
lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show. Tune into fog network.com
Sunday nights at 6 PM. Pacific 9 PM. Eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or fog network, but you know, they were all still true.
See you next.
Okay.
