Coming soon to a reopened, round one, Dave & Buster's or similarly sized arcade near you, Minecraft Dungeons!
Not content with Fruit Ninja? Flappy Tickets? That visual overhaul of TMNT Arcade or Infinity Blade? Why not head out and play Minecraft Dungeons?
Introduce your kids to the glory of an arcade via a game that they know and enjoy! Don't have kids? Stay far away from that machine!
This is just one new cash grab space taker. Join your hosts Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki for more on this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio and we are back once again live tonight with episode number 859 of our show for March the 7th of 2021.
My name is Rob Roberts and sadly not joining me tonight but she will be here later in the show is DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
But I am joined this week as I am just about every week by the one and only Techmaster, Loki. Hey, Loki!
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing fine.
Yeah, what game is running behind you tonight? Is that Castle Crashers?
It is Castle Crashers.
Ah, there it is. So a little enhanced video there because we do tape live every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Twitch.tv slash VOG Network, 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern right after Bobby Blackwolf.
How is development of your Pixel Poops Ultimate Edition going?
It's going okay. I haven't really worked a ton on it this week. Mostly I'm just doing other things but slowly but surely I got some more of my carts in so I have 12 now.
Oh, nice.
They did some announcements actually. So the folks that make Nest Maker, which I can't remember the name of their company now, but they're launching a service that's going to be similar.
It's kind of like a Steam marketplace, but it's for NES games, for retro games. So you'll be able to purchase digital copies there and they'll actually make cartridges.
So that may be something to check out whenever they launch that. It's like Retroverse or something like that is what they're calling it.
Oh, that'd be pretty cool.
Pretty cool, yeah.
That'll be a really good way to network with other NES game developers too to try to get the word out about your own game and then, you know, we have this little show here that some of them that maybe like their games can come on here and talk about their stuff.
Yeah, pretty cool actually.
Yeah, because we do invite guests to our show once in a while so sadly Dark Sakura not here tonight. She's doing some other stuff she'll talk about a little later on in the show we have a recorded thing with her.
But we are joined tonight as I'm sure the Twitch viewers can see, we do have one of our old pals on the show, sitting in tonight, at least for this first part of the show. Say hello everybody to Shane.
Hello. Hi, how are you?
Busy doing homework. That's why I keep like looking down, going through books trying to get some stuff done.
So you're, you're actually doing homework while the show is going on.
Yes. Fantastic.
You were showing off just before we went live tonight on the video here sorry to the podcast folks we love you but sometimes I have to address some of the visual things, but Shane is wearing a new hat, and I actually I'm always in the market for new
hats I'm wearing an old hat I've had this Nintendo have forever. You've got a new hat. Tell us about the hat.
So, I don't know if you've talked about it on the show before but Donald Konami opened up an official like merchandise store in with the, with the mask on and your words blending together it almost sounded like you said Donald Konami.
I was like, Donald, Donald.
So, Konami opened up a merch store online for North America, though I think they ship everywhere. And so I've got a couple things from them because they have sweet code and stuff.
And this is a sweet code in one soul eater rune hats, it's got the little soul eater emblem right there.
I also have this says getting so sweet code in. So that's cool. And I have a poster but I haven't done anything with. And I know you've talked about it on the show before but we get we get new listeners here and they believe it or not sometimes people
actually like what they hear and they start listening for a few weeks but some folks may not know you actually worked on the sweet code and series back in the day right.
Yes, yes, number five game number five. And what did what did you do for that what was, what did I was, I was on the localization team, so we would get translated text in and then we would have to make it sound better for the intended audience
which would be English speakers. So like, you would get a Google Translate type of thing, and you had to make it make a little more like logical sense I guess would be a good way to logical sense and coherent so if somebody was
talking in a specific way, or they had, you know, some sort of characteristic about the way they spoke, you had to make sure it translated through the entire game through all of their text.
So, interesting. Some of the things I bet a lot of people don't really realize goes into making games and why you know not every game from Japan just shows up over here like that because there is a process that it goes through, and I wish our live chatters
cared more about the merchandise you were showing off, but Loki's cat, yeah Loki's cat Stella has joined us on cam, and she knows I'm on like some sort of video call so she has to come scream so I had to like pick her up, like the live chat could give
two shits about Donald Konami at this point. It's all about Stella now so, of course, our live chat room over twitch.tv slash vog network we do invite you guys to participate live with our chat every week.
I have to bring this up, Shane you know I have to talk about this because you also worked on DDR, like you worked on the Dances Revolution series, and you did arrow does that was there like an official name for arrow designers step artists
step data creators. Okay, so, and then just switch to designers after that. So, people may have danced to songs that you actually did the steps for.
Yeah, I still have songs in the arcade machine so like what can you tell us.
Um, fire, the song from guitar freaks drum mania.
Gosh, it's been so long.
I think a thing called love is still there.
And I'm pretty sure I future list is still there.
So, anything that was like a Konami original that was on a PS two game is probably still there. If I've done it, but you and a lot of that I mean it wasn't just you it was a lot of you know people that were really well known in the DDR scene at that time that
were working on the series and, you know, contributed a lot to the Xbox series which I don't ever think really got the proper amount of respect in the DDR scene, but those ultra mix games, specifically, the first one was okay but really like ultra
mix to I think to this day is still my favorite home version they've ever done and my favorite home song list, and that might just be because I'm you know 42 I'm older at this point and so I look back on those days fondly, but those songs were fire like that was such a good
like mix. And of course, I think back to because that was the first game y'all worked on right.
Correct. Okay, so, um, and some folks in chat by the way dark to see is like oh you stepped fire that was my favorite guitar freaks drum mania DDR crossovers there you go.
Some people, some people are familiar with your work.
But specifically there was there was a song and there was a band in ultra mix to that I ended up totally fanboying over and I think you did to a little bit and that we all did we all did it located to that was the band echo image from Norway because they had the
song skulk. And I remember when you first played me that song because I don't think you were supposed to but you did. And I was like, this is DDR. Now, like this song is amazing.
And then it was like, well we got to find more songs by this band and then it was getting the album, you got the album from a different drum didn't you.
At some point, I went, I went to amoeba amoeba in San Francisco.
I'm pretty sure it was the day that I started working on that song because it was so good. Yes, so good. And then of course that album is so good then you start to start discovering the B side so good.
So of course, what happens to anything that you really fall in love with in a door with it stops, it ends and echo image hasn't put anything out in like, it's been what like 20 years like the last thing they did was that single for endless day right was like 2004,
I think, or 2002, so it's been a long time. Well get this, so out of like nowhere this week I open up Spotify and you know Spotify has the playlist, they have a recommended for you based on the stuff you listen to that's all new things that come out this week.
I look at it and there's a new echo image song, and I'm like, what, and I look and sure enough the echo image artists bio has been updated on echo image fucking put out a single.
This week, after 20 years, and I never thought and that's the band that did skulk again and DDR ultimate to which I fell in love with. And what I really like about this new song is that it sounds like a lot of their old stuff.
And the guys voice has an age today. It's pretty amazing. So, yeah, so if you guys are DDR ultimate to fans, I have to give that cheap plug to echo image. Check it out, and Shane you you liked it well enough to right.
Yeah, it. It definitely reminded me of their first album because there was, like you said that single that came out.
What in 2004 then that compilation has an extra new song on it that we just don't want to talk about. It was, I don't think it was new I think it was deep from the archive like a deep deep cut in the archives, and that's what at least new to us.
That's what I'm going to keep the story as so anyway. All right.
All that old game talk but we want to talk about some of the other things going on in the news. Let's get into our kickoff topic tonight which has to do with a pretty big change coming to PlayStation Loki Tell us a little bit more about this.
Yeah, so basically the PlayStation story you may remember you could, you know, not only purchase games, but you could also get video because it's Sony and so they will of course had their movies, and you can even rent titles off there.
Well, apparently with all these streaming services, folks individually renting movies from a service for the same price as a monthly fee from one of these dozens of other services.
It's not very popular anymore so come as of August 31 2021 they're going to be removing the ability to purchase or rent movies and TV shows from the PlayStation store.
So if you want to be able to do that, you have plenty of other outlets, you know many streaming services, Amazon Prime you can still rent stuff off there if you want to do that.
Voodoo I mean lots of stuff but Sony's PlayStation store will not be the place to do that.
That's a pretty big change don't you think Loki considering, you know when I, when I think of the PlayStation maybe not so much the PlayStation four but I think of you know the equivalent the Xbox one.
And when they first announced the Xbox one remember that whole like initial reveal of Xbox one was sports sports TV TV that's what got criticized for. And I feel like that whole generation was representative of the game console is an entertainment box.
It's no longer just a game console it's your Hollywood box. Also that sits in your, you know, living room, because the we was was so huge for Netflix, and all that stuff so I does this new surprise you Loki or where you at.
It doesn't surprise me because I think that with a lot of these different streaming services launching.
You're seeing a lot of these more popular titles being removed from one and being exclusive to another. So I think it's just a matter of probably some of the stuff that they had is probably going to be pulled from the store in the first place because it's
being exclusive to like Paramount Plus or something like that.
And I think the same thing happened kind of with their TV streaming service as well. I mean, a lot of the channels that they had on there, all of a sudden disappeared because they didn't have the access rights to them anymore and so they couldn't offer it and so they're
they're offering of a streaming service wasn't very good at that time.
So I'm thinking they're probably just see that it's just not worth the money. They're probably not making much off of it anymore so it's just, you know, get it cut out of there and simplify things a bit.
I didn't even think about the fact that PlayStation TV which I can't remember the name of it now.
Was that PlayStation TV or was it have a different I remember, but that's it. Yeah, it is. Yeah, so PlayStation view kind of slowly declined because you're right they lost all those agreements I didn't even occur to me that that might have been a sign of things to come, so to speak.
Yeah, so I just think that they probably not making, you know, they didn't make anything off of that they probably lost the rights to a lot of things. It's just not worth it to pay for those rights to have those street, you know, titles, as part of that library.
And so they just saw, you know, this isn't making us money we're just going to streamline this. And I think you see that with like a lot of the Sony stuffy restructure, you know, I think PlayStation still making quite a bit of money but maybe so many pictures might not be making as much much money right now.
I don't know so he has their own like streaming service outside of me out places can be is not a thing anymore so.
So this topic, this topic came up on Bobby Blackwell show a little bit and we thought crackle but Sony actually sold their stake in crackle. A few years ago it turns out, one of the chatters had pointed out to us, so it doesn't appear Sony has their own service
at this time at least not that not that we're thinking of and not that's obvious which should be a sign that they're not a major player in it.
Yeah, they probably just they're licensing their titles out to other streaming services. And so that's probably, you know, they're making their money probably.
I mean, if you think about it, they don't have to have the network infrastructure for that stuff. They basically just send the files or the movies to these other companies that host it on their services, and really they just receive royalty checks in the mail I mean that's
I think it's much simpler for them and probably making them more money than it is, you know, individually renting these out because I mean honestly, what big Sony Pictures titles, have they had recently I mean there's not really much that's come out.
I mean obviously the new Spider Man movie will be something big.
There's still the new.
Yes, into the spider verse movie I think next year.
Not a lot that I really know I didn't be a charted movie at some point.
But they can't really, aside from like renting those brand new titles I don't think that they're really people are interested in paying $5 to rent, you know, a movie for one a lesson to be brand new, and Sony is certainly not going to be interested in making their own TV shows anymore
so we're never going to get a fourth season of the tester I'm sorry to say.
No, unfortunately not.
Bobby Blackwell saying Ghostbusters afterlife that is a Sony movies there's that now she Hulk is suggesting that. Why not just sell Sony movies why not lean into that and sell Sony movies through PlayStation, and she even suggest rent them for 50 cents, make it cheap
to maybe drive more interest I still, it's still not, not worth it though like I don't think that they're making their money back even if they charge 50 cents for that stuff they're making more money off just licensing them to streaming services
at this point, because they should have done is said hey, you know that that PlayStation Plus that you're paying for. Let's throw in some free movie titles in there as well.
There you go. Okay, I like that. That would make sense or, you know, PlayStation Now or something like that. Hey, not only can you stream these you know, games that you can stream these movies as well.
Good idea. I like that they should have done but nope, they didn't think about that, DJ rama s talking about streaming services saying the only streaming service Sony has right now is crunchy roll and fundamentally.
I want to go a little more on the animation side of things although now now tying into what you just said Loki crunchy, I want to say didn't wasn't there a thing where PlayStation Plus could get like crunchy roll for a month.
So maybe they did lean into that at one point before, maybe so interesting, interesting, interesting.
But you know I think Sony is also kind of leaning into the fact that they are getting beat by streaming services but you know if you go to Sony and you go to the TV because I use my, my PlayStation, a lot for like Netflix and that sort of thing.
And if you go to the TV video tab, you see a lot like what they spotlight in there they kind of show like oh Amazon has this Netflix has this, and they're kind of showing a lot of like previews for the services and what movies are new on the services
especially like originals when it comes to that sort of thing. I've become a lot more familiar with this recently because Alan is doing more and more streaming.
I don't always necessarily like to be in the office while he's streaming it gets really hot in there and so forth. So I'll go out in the living room and watch serial killer things on Netflix like a lot of people do these days.
And so I've been using these apps more and more and I kind of noticed all those little previews and I'm kind of like, maybe Sony is selling some of that ad space.
So it's like maybe they're making money by leaning into the fact that okay if everybody's going to use this for the streaming services. Let's make, let's make money off the streaming services by putting them you know charging them to be front and center on our entertainment box.
Yeah, and if you think about it, I mean really in order for them to be able to make money off of a rental like that they would have to have it exclusive to it would have to be not in any of the other streaming services because it doesn't make sense like say for example Spider
Man into the Spider-Verse. If I have that for as a four dollar rental or two dollar rental from you know PlayStation Store, but then I also see oh wait it's on Netflix for free.
You know if unless most people have a Netflix subscription it's like that doesn't make any sense like you're just not going to even look at the PlayStation Store stuff.
Plus I mean on top of that there's all the digital rights management stuff and I mean we've had, you know, folks telling us you know that they've lost their access to their movies and stuff like that.
Yeah, it's just, it's easier just to do a streaming service.
And that's why, that's why stuff like Stadia doesn't work.
SSJ 100 Matt in chat says Rob figured it out. I don't crack the code, they're just going to sell the ad space for everybody else if that's where it's going.
He didn't crackle the code.
I crackled the code.
Shane, what's your thoughts on all this? Did you ever, did you ever use the TV services on PlayStation? Do you think this is good for them? What's your thoughts?
No, I never used it. I never saw the point because I already had things like Netflix or Hulu or Amazon Prime. And so, seeing this news that they're going to discontinue rentals and all that, it's no big deal.
It's no big deal to them obviously so why should it be a big deal to me?
Do you think Microsoft may follow suit? Because remember, Microsoft is also, and Microsoft as far as I know, has no relationship with any, like they're not owned by any major movie studio or anything like that.
Like Microsoft's its own thing so Microsoft is licensing all of that from other providers. Do you think Microsoft might follow suit?
Well, to be honest, I didn't even know that was a thing on the Xbox. It's not, I guess unless they would advertise it on the main like homepage.
Which they do, but you have to scroll down like four tabs or so.
I can't be bothered to scroll down. I go to like manage my games, play the disc that's in the system, or I go straight to Game Pass and I don't look at anything in between where I'm at and Game Pass content.
I don't think it matters if they also get rid of it because honestly, we've come to a point where we're on the complete other spectrum of where we wanted to be in terms of how we consume TV shows and movies.
We cut cable because we had this awesome thing called Netflix and then there was Hulu and then there's Amazon Prime but now there's Paramount Plus and HBO Max and I can't keep up with some competitor dying off because they couldn't do as well in that same space.
Looking at some comments from chat, DJ Rama S says they do advertise the movies and TVs. When I turn my Xbox on, I see the sales and rental info on the main page. I haven't changed any settings.
I do think they throw an ad in the main page once in a while. Now that DJ Rama says that, I'm like, I do see an ad once in a while. You probably just ignore those. Pretty sure.
Oh, what Bobby said is exactly right when I try to think about it and get a headache that it does cost more to have streaming services than it would be to have cable. We have Netflix, Hulu, Discovery, Paramount, Disney, Amazon, Peacock.
All of those are paid. That's seven paid services. It's ridiculous.
And you know, I even think I offered to let you log into my Paramount thing. I mean, I would never do that. But hypothetically, I may have offered that and you were like, we just bought it.
Yeah, because we did the cheaper like pay for one year at a time, then go month to month. And if there is an ad free version, we're definitely already on top of that.
So I don't care about the ads. I'm like, whatever.
Yeah, that's how I consume so many shows like, because we don't have any ads on anything. So they just play and they play and they play and yeah, that's how I see like 14 seasons of a show and then I just move on to the next one.
Let's take up a lot of time. They do. They do. I do think this whole thing is still kind of like just a jarring change because, you know, we really were meant to think of game consoles as entertainment boxes, especially in the last generation with PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
And it does seem like they've leaned off that a lot going into PlayStation 5. So I think Sony always knew this was the long term because they really never talked about movies and TV at all with PlayStation 5.
And I think Microsoft's done very little when it comes to Series S and X. So, you know, I guess the days of the entertainment device, I don't know, I wouldn't necessarily say they're gone because now it's just about streaming services.
It's just now the box is a third party device and not a first party device to these things. And I guess that's the big change. So I mean, as long as all the streaming services are on it, and I think the streaming services know they have to be on it to be successful.
That's why something like Paramount Plus was everywhere day one, even though that was really just an upgraded CBS All Access app, which I think was pretty much everywhere.
But even something like, you know, Disney Plus when it showed up, Peacock when it showed up had to be everywhere day one, because getting on the boxes is the way you're going to get people engaged in those platforms.
Hey, don't diss Paramount Plus because it not only did they change the splash screen video, but we got wonder shows and now we have like some good episodes of the real world.
Yeah.
Drawn Together is on there.
The only thing that's weird to me about Paramount Plus, having used it a little bit because I watched that real world reunion at least the one episode we have so far, but the weird thing okay so I got really excited when I saw oh my god MTV's next, the next bus.
Next is on there, yeah.
It's one season. And it's not even the season with the girl.
No.
Oh, what's the point, like that's the only episode you need. Exactly. It's like, and I only want to watch the episodes with her and bitchy gays. I don't.
Those the only episodes. And do they have date my mom, or, yeah, was that a date but I think they do have date my mom right.
But they probably only have one season of it. That's just a weird thing. There's a random ass seasons that are missing and maybe that's a licensing thing they are gonna work out still know that culture points out there is a new road rules coming, and it sounds
like it's the classic style, and not like the newer garbage so I'm pretty excited for that, and drag race all stars, which is this is very controversial will not be on VH one it's going to be on Paramount Plus.
That's a very controversial move.
So, let's see. And then, what was the thing somebody brought up HBO Max I was like oh that's one Shane didn't say.
We don't we don't we don't subscribe to that because I don't think there's anything on that service that matters to us like, what is it for it's like the friends.
Like that's the only place you can watch friends I don't even like that show so Miss, Miss Aria snark from shaking and crying that show I was doing and we've been toying with the idea of bringing it back but nothing solid yet, but I have I have it on
good authority from her she says HBO Max is we're all the best, like documentaries about fucked up things are. She says, like, she says all of them are there, like, she's she's specifically said the Scientology documentary on HBO Max, and that there's some
really good serial killer ones on there. So, all of that.
All right, anyway. All right, enough about the video stuff on PlayStation. One reason I want to ask you here tonight, Shane and that you guys Shane stepped in like totally last minute tonight to be here so I appreciate it.
Hence why I'm doing my homework to while we're talking. Well, and I know you're not gonna stay for the whole show but I want to get a couple things out of the way before we let you go back to your homework.
Number one, I want to get to an email here because we actually got an email this week for Shane. I usually do emails at the end of the show I have another email I'll do at the end of the show, but I'm going to do this one here, so we got an email
I don't even get emails addressed to me.
Well, it actually it did to be fair it does say, Hello, or and then says I have a quick question for Shane. So, this is, this is like, it still mentions my name it's better than most of the spam I get in my real email.
Anyway, if you want to send us an email or I guess if you want to send Shane a fan letter participate at orange lounge radio.com is the place to send us an email. So here we go.
Next up on the email are. I have a quick question for Shane regarding last week's Pokemon legends are chaos discussion in Pokemon x and y. The story mentions an ancient Pokemon war that happened.
Do you think second legends they're already already know the answer. Do you think this will factor into the RKS game story at all. No, no, I don't think so.
I was like, that's like when you point at somebody when you know the objection. Yeah.
I don't think it'll factor into this game. I think if the game is successful enough. I say I, I qualify that with enough because it'll be successful it's a Pokemon game, but if it's successful enough that they decide to do another one.
I think they will revisit different historical periods that are relevant to the Pokemon games. So I would think that the second game would take place during that war, and that would probably also satisfy fans of x and y who only got x and y there was no secondary game
for it because that said that season that generation was x and y and Omega Ruby Alpha Sapphire so they didn't get their third game they didn't get sequels. They were just kind of left with what x and y gave them which was a lot of nothing, even though I like those games but they really botched the story and, and like, who even cares about
who even cares about Zygarde he didn't, he wasn't relevant for anything, and then he showed up in a Lola, and still wasn't relevant so making that legendary relevant, plus having the war, I think that would be the best way to go about it.
Do you think this weird diversion in Pokemon, because the thing that still blows my mind is that they're saying Pokemon Legends is a mainline game. And do you think there's a weird diversion in the series happening here because Pokemon legend may be for the people that are like
in their 30s and 40s now because they've been following Pokemon from the beginning, and then the mainline games are okay this is our more traditional, you know, audience okay you're shaking your head no big time.
No. Okay, first of all, I just want to address the chat room.
I'm sorry, me she can's mesh is I mesh mesh, I am what they call a coven long hauler so I still have breathing problems.
And so, like I wear this mask we actually talked about right before the show started, because it helps.
Yes, no one heard it.
So it. So yeah I'm muffled and everything but it helps with my breathing it makes it easier for me to breathe. For whatever reason.
So yes I'm still sick No I'm not, I'm somewhere in the middle.
Anyway, you said a question, I shook my head.
Pokemon was is the main series diverting is legends, like the adult game now.
Well, no, I think it is for a specific subset of people, because this game has no online, it's single player only doesn't look like there's any trading.
So I think it's for the people that wanted Pokemon to take a different direction, but I don't necessarily think that it's for older people I just think, like, what do I do in Pokemon games I just like collecting I don't battle I don't trade with anybody
because I don't trust anyone.
So, like this game, it's just another option that's not true you traded with me to help me finish my decks. Yeah, but I know you didn't cheat, like to, to get your Pokemon I don't trust randos that are like, here's the shiny whatever and no it's probably
happened which happened which happened to me when I went on PlayStation home I'm like, I got a shame I got a shiny Giratina shades like hacks. No, I want to know the shameless first like you're not pronouncing that right.
All right. Oh, there was more to the email here.
Um, let me finish it off.
Where was I here we go. Also, why all the hate for squirtle clearly he's the superior water starter. Thanks for reading Garth wolf.
Did you throw this in the trash afterwards. No, belongs because I, I like squirtle I'm not I'm not, I'm not gonna like I'm not gonna fight you on this because like I just know how you are about Ashwa, which by the way, for those that are on Twitch.
Look behind Shane, like look right above his head, you can see all those Ashwa star somebody there's a whole, somebody is in your life please.
You can see all the Ashwa on the shelf, like the love for Ashwa, is it is it fair to say Shane that the love for Ashwa is so strong that you just don't have room in your heart for any other water starters and that's what happened to squirtle.
Well, okay, so in a monogamous relationship with first of all, here's, here's my husband. Here's Ashwa, and then everybody else is not even on the screen.
Like everybody else.
As far as squirtle is my favorite Gen one starter.
However, wow.
Talk about throwing scraps out.
I mean I'm trying to say something nice.
Squirtle is my favorite way to hold on, I have, I have an Excel ranking. Let me just double check my notes here. Don't you have like a shareable Google Sheets.
I have so many different like Pokemon spreadsheets I made because spreadsheets are fun.
Um, oh, so here you go. Here's something also nice about squirtle. According to my official ranker that I made squirtle is my sixth favorite water starter, like overall.
So, he beats two different other water starters. So, yeah.
Which two did he beat?
Um, Totodile and Mudkip, but that's as that says an entire line. Like if we're just talking about like squirtle squirtle is last, but if we're talking about squirtle, and these other evolutions that I can literally read off this thing but I didn't because I forgot to.
Yeah, they as a whole are my sixth favorite water starter.
Okay, Shane I have I have an idea, and would you be into this, it's okay for you to say no I don't want to press you just because we're live, but you know we we have a lot of these articles out there that are like top 10 da da da and now you have your definitive
ranking. So would you be willing to, if we, let's say raise enough channel points, sit down with me for a special episode where we share Shane's definitive Pokemon ranking, start to finish.
I don't care that's fine I love talking about Pokemon and there are lesser ones.
Alright, so, so, Bobby I hope you're still out there listening we're gonna set that up for after Bobby because Bobby's doing his channel point rewards this week. So the next big reward we're going to raise points for is going to be unveiling Shane's definitive
Pokemon ranking colon, whether you like it or not.
So, so, SSJ 100 Matt asks about pop Leo, because I didn't like it for so. So, the thing about my ranking, there's two things that affect it one boredom.
If I'm on ambient at the time I'm looking at it, because that will change like almost anything on there. So currently, pop Leo is not last, but I like pop Leo like pop Leo is great.
It's the evolutions I have a problem with, which you can hear about on this thing that you just said that I wasn't paying attention to special special stream will will talk special stream.
Alright, there you go. Alright, we'll give you more details. Later on, but I see I've been telling Bobby I'm going to come up with ideas and I just got inspired by someone else's list.
Awesome.
Alright, I okay before I let you go, Shane, we always like to get into how is our gaming weeks, and what are the types of games that we've been playing this week and I know there's been one game that you've been playing a lot of that I don't think
Loki and I have really touched. And I think some of our listeners are into this right now too so I want to ask you like, how was your gaming week What have you been playing.
So, honestly, I'm going to mix it up because there's two games. Wait, there was my finger Oh wait there's a delay there. My fingers are there.
Um, there are two games that I've been playing pretty hardcore. This week, who started who started a poll that says is Shane correct about Pokemon. Did Bobby do some a poll popped up is Shane correct about.
And how do we know if I'm correct about Pokemon because we haven't had the special yet we haven't had the special yet Bobby. So we're looking into the future. And you have no idea what's going to happen.
All right, anyway your gaming week and then I guess we'll get to the poll results.
Well the polls going to be skewed and wrong. Probably, unless it ends on a 5050 it's going to be wrong.
So, the first game I've been playing that is probably the major release is bravely default to.
And it was a game that I had played both demos of, and I hated both demos. In fact, they went out of their way and said that the second demo is basically indicative of the final game.
So why would I want to keep playing, or why would I even consider purchasing bravely default to if I hated the demo that was literally a slice of the game.
Breaking news, breaking news, 56% of our listeners think you are correct about Pokemon. Well, I don't even believe that.
Like, thank you, but you probably won't agree after this suppose it's special back to bravely default no more Pokemon back to bravely.
Anyway, so I don't know why but I still went and I got the game. I loved bravely default one despite like the things people hated about it.
I own the second one bravely second I've never played it, I don't, it's just sitting over there.
And so I was like okay I'll get this game. And I love it. Everything that I hated about the demo is still there, the voice acting, the combat.
I just really enjoy the game. I love the grinding for job points and for experience points, and I will play it until like 2am every morning, because I just, I want to max out my classes and it's a monotonous thing to do but I like monotonous things so this is like right up my alley, and the story is pretty good it's kind of dark too which is fun.
mission our chat says I just got it today and I love it, and Shane Can you add me, so is there is there a friend thing that goes on in the game.
I did not know that there was I know that there's like a thing where you put the game in sleep mode, and it does these like little trips, these little voyages, but yeah I can I can add you to my friends list and if that helps us do voyages, not a problem, I'll just
go get my friend code, which I think I probably have somewhere on my phone, so I can look while I talk.
But yeah, I, I'm taking my taking my time with this game, because of how I love the monotonous grinding. So I'm only on chapter two which I know there's at least six chapters. I'm on chapter two, like probably the middle or the beginning of the middle of it.
And I'm at like 27 hours, because I just like oh I need to go spend three hours grinding this new job I just got to max because I enjoy doing that.
And me says there's a boat you get in the game and that's where the friends come in. So, oh, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it's the I think it's the voyages thing, unless there's another boat that you get but yeah I'm looking at my friend code and I'll just post it in chat,
because I definitely don't have like the max amount of friends on my switch. I do. But that's because I connected it to Twitter. And I filled up because of Twitter.
So now I have to go when somebody wants to add me and I like I actually know them. I have to go through and I'm like okay who added me through Twitter that I don't really interact with.
Oh, I have like I have people through Twitter too I'm like I don't know who has these people.
Turn it off, or you're gonna max out that's my honest suggestion turn off the Twitter integration I don't know what it is. I was finding people in there where I'm like I don't even follow this person on Twitter who is this.
So, yeah, my suggestion is turn that off. So, all right. Anything else on Bravely Default 2?
The one thing that bums me out about Bravely Default 2, there's a couple things. One, it does not run well on the switch. There are a lot of hiccups and just like moments where the game freezes up and then starts, you know, doing what it needs to.
I would have wished that they could have optimized it better. The music is not as memorable as Bravely Default 1. And that is really disappointing because Bravely Default 1 has great music.
And, like, the, the character models look like creepy marionettes, and I'm getting used to it but it's still, it's still not right.
I'm gonna have to check this out. I do love me a grindy JRPG. I just didn't really play enough of the first one, I think. I didn't really love it. So I've been a little bit like skittish about the second one, but I guess it's more like Final Fantasy where the second game doesn't tie into the first game like whatsoever they just they have the same name and they have some similarities about it right.
Yeah, it goes Bravely Default to Bravely Second, and then Bravely Default 2 to something if they decide to make another game.
Interesting. Okay. You said there was a second game you want to talk about?
Yes. The other game is a little indie game that came out this past week called Gnosia.
This came up on Discord. Somebody mentioned this over at vognetwork.com slash Discord. I definitely invite you guys to join us over there, because sometimes people bring games to my attention and this was one of them and I was like, Oh, Shane's been talking about this one so anyway, go ahead.
Yeah, so it's a game of that social game Werewolf where somebody sabotaging you and you have to figure out who it is.
Which is what Among Us is rooted in really.
This is single player only and it's like a visual novel so it may not be as fun as Among Us, I would say, but it's got a really interesting story where time keeps looping.
And so that's really the narrative is you need to figure out why this is going on. And I'm not very good at it because, I mean, because it's a single player game.
It's harder for me to pick up on cues that the computer is doing if they're trying to figure out if they're lying or telling the truth or what's going on.
But it's been interesting enough where it's like, okay, like the other night you were I think you were asking if we could play like Final Fantasy or something I was like, yeah, just let me do a few more, let me finish this loop is what they're called the loops last like 10 to 15 minutes.
But since they go so quick, you just keep doing them over and over and it got to the point where it's like almost four in the morning and I'm just like still doing these loops like maybe I should go to bed.
Meanwhile, I'm just just one more loop. Meanwhile, I'm playing Final Fantasy 14 alone and sad.
Just kidding.
We play a lot of Final Fantasy 14, just so you guys know like a lot. Yeah, a lot. Yeah. So anyway, but the game is pretty cool.
If you like those sort of like who done it, but only in 15 minute bursts.
You should probably check it out. It's not that expensive. It's like 25 bucks on switch. All right, and the name one more time.
Good was good.
Okay.
All right.
All right. Well, Shane, I'm gonna let you go because I know you got homework to do. Thank you for joining us. Last minute notice tonight and anything else you want to get out any other plugs any other definitive pokemons you want to throw out there before we say good night.
I mean, we can see the definitive one.
He's just he's pointing at the Auschwitz again podcast, folks. Yeah. And then also the definitive starters right up there.
So, um, yeah, no, that's it. I'm good. All right. All right. Have a good one. Take care, Shane. You too. Bye. Bye.
All right, Loki, it's just you and me now. So hello. Hello. And let's talk about your gaming week.
Yeah, so it's really been just Minecraft this week for the most part. I was we're just doing large scale builds. So on our realm, I decided to make a giant tree kind of modeled after the tree that is scale has in hermitcraft.
So I guess sort of the Omega Tree of Doom again. So I've started doing that and I've been working on right now, just modeling the roots of this giant tree. So it's it's enormous on our map.
So that's basically what I've been working on this week. And just kind of it's part of this theme park that we're building on our map. I've run out of things to do, really.
So just building things now because I have farms for everything. And I think actually last week I tore down several of the because they were trying to figure out how to unlag the server.
But it's it's Minecraft realms and just the stuff that Mojang hosts or Microsoft hosts. It's not great.
Like I would prefer to just do my own server, which may end up doing some day, but I think we're going to wait to start a new server once my other son has a laptop or computer so that we can all play the Java version and maybe a lot more stable.
We could do a lot more with it, but for now with realms, it's just it's pretty slow ever since they switched to that new graphics engine, it's just kind of slowed down for things that really shouldn't be slowed down.
But I'm enjoying it. So we've just been working on that.
All right. Well, for my gaming week, I haven't been playing Minecraft, but I randomly decided I'm going to play Minecraft Dungeons again.
So I've been playing a little bit of that. I need to play that. It's fun. I've been playing that. You know, it's it's very old school Diablo, very that.
And it gets hard. Like I actually died on the boss. I think I'm doing something wrong. I was in the swamp of sorrow. I think it's called for those who played the game.
And I got to the final boss, which just shoots these ads everywhere. And I was having the hardest time. I think I'm doing something wrong.
I need to like read an FAQ or something. But yeah, it's actually pretty challenging because my level is like nine and you only need to be like level four to do it.
So I'm doing something wrong when it comes to this boss. But it's it's challenging. And I kind of like that. And yeah, it's it's it's that very old school Diablo vibes, but it's Minecraft.
And so I think if people get turned off because they don't like Minecraft, which I understand, you know, Minecraft isn't for everybody, but the dungeons is is not like the original game at all.
It's more Diablo. It just it's actually actually it's it could be described like this. When Alan walked in the room, he's like, what are you playing? Is that Lego? Oh, it's Minecraft Diablo.
So it's like playing a Lego game or something like that. So, yes, I've been enjoying Minecraft Dungeons, continuing to play things like Final Fantasy 14 again.
We play a lot of Final Fantasy 14, Final Fantasy 12, although I kind of hit a point in that where I was like, I don't want to go around.
I have to talk to all these villagers to get past this stupid side quest. But if I don't pick that up again soon, I'm not going to finish the game.
So I need to pick that up again. But the other thing that's been really distracting me. Sorry, I'm I'm laughing.
So you can also bump down the difficulty. Like when you start a level, it starts you recommended difficulty two, which is kind of like the normal mode. But there is totally a Bobby Black Wolf or like kids mode in it.
If you bump it down with the left bumper, you can go down to like where like you'll just steam through everything, I believe, because I think it's all tailored for level one.
So I think I haven't played a lot with that, but I know I'm not playing on the hardest, hardest difficulty. I'm playing on like the equivalent of normal.
Yeah. So there is that anyway. So Final Fantasy 12, Final Fantasy 14. If I don't get past this point, Final Fantasy 12, I'm going to stop playing the game.
But so I can't let myself do that. But here's what I got distracted with. So I've mentioned on the show before, I've given lots of cheap plugs to my husband, Alan Alchemy here on Twitch, because he is now streaming and he's really sticking with it.
Like he's streaming like at least three times a week. And it's been a few weeks now. He hit affiliate. Yeah. He stole Mr. Smoosh for the emote, which he can do.
Mr. Smoosh is his cat, too. He's allowed. So some people were spamming the Smoosh emote in chat earlier that actually comes from Alan's channel because he did that.
And he has a little Smoosh watermark when he plays. It's really funny. But one of the games that he plays, he plays a variety of things. He's done like Space Channel 5.
He's in Skyrim. So he's done a variety of things. But probably the thing he plays most is Dead by Daylight, which is what a lot of Twitch streamers are playing this day and age.
And I have to admit, I usually watch a lot of streamers. I don't understand what the hell's going on with Dead by Daylight.
Well, I'd like to think maybe one place where I had a good influence on Alan and what he's been doing with his streams is that when he streamed Dead by Daylight, he explained it.
Like he assumed the audience didn't already know the entire game and explained what he was doing and why he was doing it.
And I have to admit, after I kind of watched that, I was like, oh, I guess I get this game a little bit.
And also, I'm not usually big into scary games because I don't like all the jump scares and things like that. But then it clicked for me.
I would have no problem in Dead by Daylight playing the killer. Then I'm the one causing the jump scares. I'm in control of all that stuff because I'm the murderer.
Are there really any jump scares in Dead by Daylight?
Not really. Like you might get surprised. Like you might be like, oh shit, I didn't know the killer was there. But it's not like a Five Nights jump scare. It's nothing like that.
Yeah, I don't think they jump in front of you. It's more of just kind of chasing people down. It didn't seem like a jump scare.
No, not really. I kind of learned that from watching the streams and all that. Oh, this isn't like what I thought.
And I've got to admit, it's pretty neat how they tie in a lot of the licensed stuff. Because you know, we always have these stories on the show about, oh, this new killer is coming to Dead by Daylight.
Oh, they got Pyramid Head in Dead by Daylight. Oh, they've got the ghost faced killer from the screen. Oh, it looks like Michael Myers is in it now.
So the thing to realize, the game already had these base killers that they have like the hag, the butcher, no, not the butcher, the doctor, the hillbilly, the wraith, I think it is.
That was the one that Alan told me to start with. The one that cloaks invisible and comes in. And they really worked in the licensed stuff very well into this.
So anyway, long story short, I've gotten into playing a murderer in Dead by Daylight, which apparently not enough people are doing.
Like if you want to wait for a match as a survivor, you have to wait way longer for a match than a killer does. A killer only has to wait like not even a minute.
It just depends. If it tries to sync you with people that really are your level, it might take a little while longer. I'm really not good at playing killer.
I'm still learning. But the nice thing, like I watched Alan play killer and I'm like, okay, I feel like I'm getting as many hooks as he does in a game.
So I'm feeling a little better about my game. And now I'm at the point where I'm like, okay, I've been playing. Mostly the killer I've gotten a lot better with is the hillbilly who uses the chainsaw.
And he uses the chainsaw to either dart across the map or dart right into a survivor and knock them over with the chainsaw in one hit.
So that's a lot of fun. I'm getting to the point where I'm like, I think I want to buy DLC and Alan is like, oh, that's the point of no return.
But like, I really, really want to buy Pyramid Head. Okay, I really, really want to play as Pyramid Head. And that's gonna be here's here's where I'm stuck.
Do I get it on Xbox One? Or do I get it on Windows Game Store? Because unfortunately, the game is on Game Pass. That's how I'm playing it is Game Pass through when both actually I've tried it on both Windows Game Store and Xbox One.
Unfortunately, cross purchasing isn't a thing on those systems. Here's the weird part. Cross purchasing is a thing on the Steam version, the Stadia version, and the Switch version, ironically, all have cross purchasing, they said with the exception of some licenses.
So there may be some there may be some characters that don't. But so if you buy certain characters, you will like if I buy it on Steam, I will have it on the switch, assuming it's not like like it's it's it's an original like the twins and not something like Ghost Face, I'm assuming is like one of the tricky ones.
So this is interesting. Zen Monkey says in chat, they did everything nice, but they fucked up by putting the wrong Freddy Krueger in it. You just have to find the right killer for your play style.
You need one that's just a hack and slasher without powers. Yeah, I'm finding that I just need someone who's kind of like fast, which I don't think the killers I don't know, I don't know, I, I still have to I think the the Wraith looks like one I might do good with the Wraith is kind of a hybrid.
Like the nurse does these teleporting things. I don't think I'm good enough for that. But the Wraith can kind of teleport without sight can kind of like dash forward. And I think that would help me a lot. So I don't know there are there are definitely some killers I want to play around and I just want to play pyramid because pyramid head is awesome.
So anyway, the 10 minutes later, the point of my story is my husband finally broke me and I'm playing dead by daylight. But the twist is, I'm playing it as a killer. Because I think I think killing is fun in that game.
Listen, let's make it in the game in a game only sense. So anyway, and I think I do at the end of the day enjoy playing on Xbox one a little more. You know why? Because there's no chat at the end of the game if you're on Xbox one, because I've seen on streams and stuff, some of the shit talking people do in chats on steam and things like that after a game.
No, ma'am. I'm not interested in that, you know, jerk off stuff where people are acting like acting like fools. What is it Dion Warwick said on Twitter, we're gonna leave that foolishness behind in 2020. Is that when it comes to when it comes to dead by daylight postgame chats, we are leaving that foolishness in 2020. So I'm only gonna play on Xbox one, I think I think I'm going to settle on being an Xbox one person. So there it is.
All right, let's move on. Let's talk about some things that are in gaming news. Loki, we'll start with you.
Yes, acquisitions. Let's talk about acquisitions. So Epic Games has purchased Tonic Games Group, which includes the company Media Tonic, who you may know for the Fall Guys game. So now, essentially, Epic Games now owns Fall Guys.
So along with that, though, apparently, he said, there was a kind of a welcome message that was put out about them joining the Epic Games family. So with our publisher Devolver Digital supporting and championing us along the way with Fall Guys, Foul Play and Hot Tofo Boyfriend, we've been able to bring some truly unique experiences to players as an independent studio joining forces with Epic will put an accelerator or will accelerate our plans.
To improve the game and bring Fall Guys to as many players as possible, assuming that you purchase it on the Epic Games store, of course, and probably probably not the iPhone anytime soon.
Just just saying.
So, yeah, so kind of similar to what they did with, you know, Rocket League and Psyonix. So it is interesting and be curious to see what happens with Fall Guys on Steam.
Now, what they said, though, if it will remain purchasable on Steam and PlayStation, if you own the game on these platforms, you'll still be able to play it from there and will receive future updates, they say.
OK, we'll see.
And the Switch, right? Because they just announced Fall Guys for Switch and Xbox versions as well. So those are going to be coming as well.
So, yeah, it'll be interesting what happens with this.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat over twitch.tv slash vog network is pointing out if Fall Guys ever goes free to play, then it'll disappear from Steam.
Rocket League wasn't pulled from Steam until it went free to play. So they maybe and maybe maybe that's what do you think?
That might be what Epic is trying to build is kind of like an e-sports thing.
You know, I've never really considered Fall Guy e-sports, but I can I can see where they but certainly Rocket League, certainly that.
And there is a certain there is an interesting trend between those two games where they are both games that were PlayStation plus games that blew the fuck up.
Because so many people discovered it through PlayStation plus and found that these games were very fun and very replayable.
Although what is sorry is Fall Guys as big now as it was when it first launched? I'm not sure I see as much of it.
It has its fans and I don't I don't want to diss anybody that's still super into Fall Guys, but I definitely feel like Fall Guys has already peaked.
But then again, Rocket League probably peaked when it was on PlayStation plus and there's still a huge I don't actually know that's probably not fair to say there's like Rocket League championship out in Vegas.
It's it's probably bigger than it's ever been. But we it's just not in the mainstream. I guess maybe is the right way to say they're not mainstream games like they used to be.
Well, that's that's I mean, I think that one avenue that they could make some money off of this, obviously, is that they already have a game Fortnite that sells a buttload of cosmetics.
That's how they make money in their game. And what's you know, how do they make money with Fall Guys selling cosmetics?
So it makes sense that you just have, you know, what is a lot. How does Debbie Daylights still make money after being on the Xbox thing for free and Game Pass for free?
And I think the base games like 50, but it's all cosmetics and new killers and things like that. That's that's how the game industries. That's all that's all the rage now.
So so it makes sense that they would probably try to pump some money into cosmetics and maybe they could even do stuff where it's like, oh, yeah, you buy buy the skin in Fortnite and you get something in this game or something.
I don't know. But it sounds like that they're trying to like bolster their free to play stuff, although granted that we're just assuming that eventually they'll go free to play.
But yeah, I think that's kind of one of the reasons why that they're including more stuff with that. I don't know. Be interested to see what happens with this.
Yeah. Very interesting to see what the long term strategy ends up being. So I wonder if maybe you might see Epic kind of build something where it's a Fortnite and Rocket League and Fall Guys championship thing.
And I can't even believe I didn't say Fortnite when I was talking about like these big like e-sport type of event things. It's it's very interesting how Epic is trying to pocket a few of them.
I really feel like there's a long term thing there when it comes to not I almost I would say like multiplayer games, but almost massively.
So, you know, I guess massively is like Fortnite. Rocket League is still what, four, six, maybe eight people tops, depending on how you're playing it.
I don't know. Interesting.
Act F suggests Fall Night League. Yes. Yeah. Please look forward to that as a future bumper at the beginning of the show here on Twitch.
All right. Moving on.
Let's get to our next story, which I saw I almost want to apologize because here we go again with rumors. And here we go again. They're about the Switch Pro about to be unveiled.
So what the hell's different this time? Why are we talking about this again? Because apparently this has to do with a Bloomberg report.
It originally came out last year, but now there has been some updates.
So Bloomberg has gone back and updated their whole thing on the Nintendo Switch Pro specs and leaks and what is going to be happening.
So apparently this new, you know, and again, I I already said rumor.
Well, let me before I even get into the details, before I even tell you what's in it and look, you don't think about what's in it.
Do we need a Switch Pro? Do we need a Switch Pro?
It would be nice to have something that's a little bit more powerful just to be able to support some of these cross platform games that right now are on the Xbox Series X and probably going to be PlayStation 5.
So you're going to need a little bit more powerful of a system in order to be able to have make it easier for developers to have something that also plays on the Nintendo Switch.
That being said, I don't know, maybe. I mean, I know that the last Pokmon game had some open world sections that really chugged. Maybe that extra horsepower would help things out a bit.
And it's just J100 Matt in our chat over Twitch.tv slash VOG Network says Nintendo doesn't need a Switch Pro because the Switch still does well.
That is true. But I think if there is a space in the world for there to be new mobile phones every year, you know, a new iPhone every year like clockwork, a new Android every year like clockwork, there's there's new stuff in that space every year.
And I'm not saying we need a new Nintendo Switch every year, but I think it's OK. It's been what, four years now at this point? I think it's OK for them to do an upgrade so that they can stay a little bit on the curve.
I can't stay ahead of the curve because Nintendo is never going to be there when it comes to the hardware. We just have to accept that.
But they can be more on the curve. And what Loki was saying about these third party games getting ported where Nintendo is going to get left behind.
And I think they may have learned that lesson a little bit with the Wii U if they don't. So I and I think this is why these rumors, I'll have you say in a second.
This is why these rumors keep gaining steam, I think, because a lot of the gamer population wants it to be true because they want the Switch to remain competitive with the other systems, which, yes, I realize is a weird thing to say when the Switch is still selling very well.
It's it's competitive in its own way. Anyway, Loki.
But that being said, though, I don't know what they could really do with this because it's going to be segmenting the user base already.
They've sold a ton of Switches already. So it's kind of like like the new 3DS type of thing where you have a version of the 3DS that, you know, is a little bit more powerful.
They can run some things that may be only exclusive to that. But like aside from it sounds like, you know, hardware wise, it's not going to be much of an upgrade.
I don't know if it's more of a refresh. Maybe maybe they're like going forward that all the systems are going to be this brand new one or something.
I think if there's a big if Nintendo can get it right, you'll see something like what you see in the mobile phone space.
And what Microsoft is really trying to do with Xbox One and Series S and X is that the games will still work.
They're just going to be a lot smoother on the Series X.
And I think if you really want to just point your finger and go for me, I'm like, this may be the biggest example of that, where the game will still play on the old Switch.
But you're going to want it on the new one is that Pokemon Legends footage that everybody was tearing apart because they said it doesn't look well.
Well, folks, what if and again, I hate to add the fuel to this fire, but I I'm starting to you know, I do think that where there's smoke, there's fire.
There's been too many rumors about this or this not to happen.
I think that Pokemon Legends maybe was being shown on an original Switch and that game will run the way you expect it to run on the Switch Pro.
And following up in our chat, Act Def says, crazy theory.
What if we haven't heard anything about Metroid, Breath of the Wild 2 and Bayonetta 3 because they're being optimized for the Switch Pro?
In my opinion, if you're a Nintendo fan, don't you fucking want that really bad? Because I know I do.
Yes. Hold on to them and make them want run really well on the Switch Pro.
Don't leave the old school Switch fans out in the cold, but make sure they run Chef's Kiss on the Switch Pro.
And I think that would be a great thing. Anyway, let's get to some of the rumor details from the Bloomberg report.
It will have an OLED screen that is made by Samsung, which led somebody in chat, S.J. 100 Matt, I think, said, hmm, I wonder if this is a leak within Samsung because of the the screen they're describing.
Who knows? We don't know where the leak is coming from, but here's what it is.
So the OLED screen will be by Samsung. It will be seven inches across.
A current Switch model is six point two inches across unless you have a light, which is five and a half.
So it will be bigger and it will feature a 720p resolution, I believe.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but OLED is what a PlayStation Vita uses, right?
I think that. Yeah, I think those were OLED.
So imagine a PlayStation Vita screen and those are pretty nice, but seven inches big.
So it's going to be a little bigger than your current Switch. That sounds pretty nice.
And the big kicker is that it will do 4K visuals when docked.
So it's 720p undocked or handheld, 4K when it's docked.
So they're saying almost sounds like though, like if it's only doing 720, though, and handheld, then it doesn't sound like hardware wise.
It's really much more powerful. Well, but if it's if it's spitting out 4K, you know, it might be just 4K upscaled.
I mean, they could have an upscaler built through the dock and that's it.
But like, I don't know, it's just I'm surprised that they didn't go 1080 or something like that for the handheld.
Maybe it's 720, but very smooth. I don't think the handheld today is 720, is it?
The handheld is 720.
But very few, very few games optimize that way because they can't.
Because I don't remember what the native resolution was on the PlayStation Vita, but I thought it was 1080.
Maybe I'm thinking maybe that was still 720.
No, yeah, 960 by 544. So that's still a higher resolution, though, than the Switch had.
But I mean, it's not natively 1080. It's kind of like an in-between weirdo resolution.
But yeah, I'm kind of disappointed that the resolution is not better.
Yeah. Yeah, Bob Coffee in chat suggests if it's 4K docked, it probably has some special sauce.
Yeah, probably. Again, I don't always love reporting on rumors, even though this is just a show about gaming culture as well as gaming news.
And rumors are a part of the culture.
But I do think we've heard this from so many different places so many times, I think it's happening.
Now it's just sorting out the garbage rumors from the true rumors.
But again, you've got a larger publication here kind of running with it that's probably vetted their sources a little better than somebody on Reddit or a random forum out there.
So I do think there's something to this. I wouldn't necessarily hold them to these specs.
But it does sure sound like we're going to get some type of Switch Pro in it.
I would guess we'll probably see it at what would historically be E3 in June. As we all know, all of that is a mess right now.
But I would guess that June's Nintendo Direct will unveil that. But that's extremely hypothetical.
And that might also explain why this last Nintendo Direct didn't really give everybody what they were looking for.
That maybe, yes, a lot of those things are holding on to.
They want to show you when it looks its best and brightest when it's upscaled to 4K on Switch Pro. But we'll see. We'll see.
All right. Well, moving on, Loki.
So speaking of Nintendo systems, Nintendo system has been out of the picture for quite a while now.
The Wii U has actually gotten another firmware update.
So the last one came out almost three years ago, back in September 2018.
And Nintendo put out the very detailed update description saying that improvements to system stability and usability.
And it says further improvements to overall system stability and other minor adjustments have been made to enhance the user experience.
That sounds like anti-piracy. That's always anti-piracy.
Translation hackers and pirates found an exploit and we fucking zipped it up.
That's what it is. Yeah, at least that's what they're saying. But I mean, I don't know.
According to like some of the comments that I see on the article here, they're talking about like whether if that was actually what it was,
because most people usually think, you know, stability improvements are just, you know, hack prevention.
But apparently it didn't do anything with the current methods of hacking right now.
So. But yeah, they said it did. But did it mess up existing hack consoles? I don't know.
So, yeah, I don't know what it I mean, even at this point, like if it's even worth it, because I think that aren't they taking down the Wii U store anyways?
Well, that was my I was going to put out the tinfoil hat suggestion is the update a hidden kill switch for a countdown clock for the Wii U store,
which I don't think they've announced at the Wii store. Yes. Oh, for sure. The Wii U store.
I'm pretty sure that they announced that already that they were really.
Yeah, because. I'm pretty sure. Yeah, I thought that was a thing. Maybe not.
Maybe I'm thinking of the Wii Shop channel. Yeah, it says versions of Nintendo eShop, Wii U and 3DS were discontinued July 31st, 2020.
Oh, that's a Latin American and other countries. Well, maybe it's coming. Maybe that's what it is. But I thought I thought it was being shut down, though.
I think it's one. It's probably imminent, which is going to be a bummer because there's some things on Wii U, especially in the virtual console space that you're going to want to get, you know, things like the original Pokemon Snap Earth.
Was Earthbound ever put out? I can't. Yeah, I think Earthbound was. I know Mother, the original Mother One or what do they call it? Earthbound Zero.
I think that is definitely one you're going to want to grab. You know, there are definitely things on that shop you're going to want to get.
Again, I'm totally tinfoil heading. We have nothing to. But it's interesting. If it didn't patch out the current hacking and exploits, then what the hell did it do?
Especially out of the middle of nowhere after all this time, you know?
Yeah, I don't I don't know. But yeah, they shut down the services in 42 countries. That was back in July of last year, but they haven't shut it down everywhere yet. So maybe that's just it's coming.
Probably. All right. Well, you know what? Sometimes the old stuff is new again, and we know that is the case with Diablo 2.
And I got to say, I think this is pretty interesting. Diablo 2 Resurrected, of course, which was announced at the online BlizzCon, which is supposed to be releasing this year.
Fingers crossed that they can make their date. And it was announced this week that your old save games.
That's right. If you still somehow I don't who has these? Well, somebody does, obviously. But if you have an old save game from Diablo 2 20 years ago, you can use it in the new game.
So there was an actual interview that was happening with the IGN Middle East, where producer Matthew Sederquist, I hope I said that right, said yes, yes, keep those.
The best feature ever, which is using those old save games. Do you have a three and a half inch floppy sitting around the house somewhere with your old Diablo 2 games?
I never played Diablo 2. I think I played. Where would I even get a three and a half inch disk drive for my new computer? I guess I could go to Fry's. Oh, wait.
No, you could get I'm sure they have USB drives for that. You could get three and a half inch floppy USB drives, I'm sure.
And I'm sure Amazon or something. Yeah, I'm sure that they still have those. It's just you're right. Yeah. Who is that? I threw away all my floppies a long time ago. I had hundreds of them.
Now, good point. Dark Tetsuya does point out, I think you can get original D2 on Battle.net and Pixel Pocket says yes, you can.
So original D2 is still being sold all these years later because it is a great game. So people are still interested in it.
So not everybody's saves may be on three and a half inch floppies. They may actually have been playing Diablo 2 on more current hardware. So that makes a little more sense.
They have their saves on five and a quarter floppies.
Which were older than the three and a half. Hello. You mean you mean zip drives on a zip disk?
The zip disk, yes. I had those too.
Oh, yeah. I used to use those at work because we needed the space because it was publication stuff. Anyway.
I use those at work to download because they had high speed internet at work and I didn't have high speed at home.
MP3's Napster?
That step mania files, lots of stuff.
Otherwise, otherwise, the way you got around that before you'd be able to zip that stuff up and be able to transfer is you have a span floppy disk.
And I did. I used to do that with like 50 floppy disk and span of one zip file.
But then I was like, well, I'm just going to get a zip disk and that worked out great.
Now, it should be pointed out that hypothetically, you could use your old save file, put it on PC and then use the whole like cross play thing to actually then play your old save on a Nintendo Switch.
So that's kind of interesting. Yeah, that would work.
And, you know, the way this works is that basically it is the original game. And in an interview, one of the folks behind it says this isn't a remake.
We're not reverse engineering it. We're not rebuilding it and trying to make it look like and sound like Diablo 2. This is Diablo 2 right there underneath the surface.
The entire simulation, the engine for the game, the lifeblood of the game is Diablo 2.
So there's a toggle switch, a legacy toggle that when you press the button, you see behind the curtains and there's Diablo 2 in 2D sprites running right there.
And you can play the way that you did 20 years ago. And that's why it works.
So, very interesting.
It just works.
It just works. If you want to try Diablo 2 Resurrected, there's going to be at least two chances to do this.
Apparently, there is going to be an initial alpha test for the game.
And then there's going to be a second alpha period, which will be a multiplayer stress test.
Lead producer Chris Lena said, we're going to be starting with a single player technical alpha.
And then we'll have a second technica alpha after that, which is kind of multiplayer and stress testing.
So we're trying to avoid what happened with Diablo 3 the day it launched.
If anyone can remember way back, the day that Diablo 3 launched, it was Air 37 or something like that.
It was a goddamn mess.
We would have done an episode that week. That's the sad thing. It wasn't that long ago.
So I'm sure we bitched all about it. I remember getting it free.
I remember. It was probably during the Hoard House years because I remember there was this thing called the Blood Pact.
Well, we called it that. It wasn't actually called that.
But if you signed up for World of Warcraft for an entire year and agreed that you would play World of Warcraft for a year, you got a copy of Diablo 3 free.
So it was the WoW Blood Pact. Do you remember that?
I remember that, yes.
All those Warcraft people were trying to play Diablo 3, their new free game, right on that same first day.
And then I think they regretted doing that Blood Pact because it almost got too many people into the game pretty quick.
But anyway, that's old news at this point.
Alright, S2100Matt says, I remember that as well. Yeah, it was something.
Alright, moving on. Loki.
Alright, so we talked a little bit about how Zynga was producing, I think, a version of Star Wars as part of that whole, like, hey, look, we licensed Star Wars to a hundred people.
Well, now we have them purchasing the studio Etchra Games. I guess that's the studio behind Torchlight.
So apparently now they're going to be joining Zynga.
And apparently now they're going to be responsible for some of the, yeah, it doesn't really say what they're working on yet.
Other than they said the acquisition will be instrumental in our growing of our iconic licenses and brands from mobile to PC to consoles.
Yeah, I'm looking forward to the Torchlight Farmville crossover game.
Yeah, I agree with Phoenix7726 who says, Welp, RIP Torchlight. Yeah, I played a little bit of Torchlight 3 and it just, it doesn't have the magic at the first two games for me.
I'm just going to be blunt. I don't know. I don't know what happened. I don't know if it's because it started as the whole free to play thing.
And then, you know, kind of shifted focus along the way.
They're working on an unannounced cross platform action role playing game in partner with Zynga's natural motion studio.
I wonder if that's, maybe that's the Star Wars game or maybe not. I don't know. But I'm not excited when I hear the word Zynga.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's almost like Facebook Live.
Yeah.
Anyway, this is also not, I don't know. Some people like this kind of news because it means free game.
But then it's also not great news because the game isn't really being worked on anymore. And sadly, it's Valve's Artifact game.
This was the card game that was inspired by Dota 2, which I swear just came up on the show not that long ago.
I think we knew this was kind of like the beginning of the end.
They tried to reinvent the game with a 2.0 rework, but according to Valve in an update called The Future of Artifact, it didn't attract enough of an audience to justify further work and investment.
Which if you want to go, speaking of the rumor farm, apparently a similar discussion happened with EA and Anthem, although that might have been last week.
But apparently that Anthem 2.0, not happening. The executives got their look at it.
We talked about that last week.
Oh, did we talk about, I can't, I can't even remember what I did yesterday, let alone seven days ago. Sorry.
But I guess Valve having a similar conversation in their walls and they're not going to be continuing with Artifact.
So the classic version and the 2.0 version of Artifact, which is called Artifact Foundry, this is kind of like now one big game that anyone can play for free.
You don't even have to spend money on cards, but there will be no further updates.
This was originally announced in 2017 and then it finally came out in 2018.
And so that is it with the team moving on to other projects.
You know, I think this is just the case of too many card games.
You know, too many people tried to get into this all at once because Hearthstone did so well.
Now everybody wanted their game. And didn't we have a very similar story not that long ago about Gwent, the Witcher game?
You know why? You know why they had to stop development on this, right?
Because, you know, they were already on their 2.0 version.
That's right. They can't have 3.0. Can't have it.
It's in the Creed.
Gabe hates that number. Oh, yeah.
There's a big sign on the wall at Valve HQ that says, no threes. No threes. No capes, no threes.
How many floors does the building have? I wonder if there's a third floor in there.
Two. No.
One, two, and four.
If you go in the elevator, there's floors one, two, and four.
It's like the hotel where it's like, why does it go from 12 to 14? Why can't I go to 13?
Well, the 14th floor is the 13th floor. They just don't tell you that.
Anyway.
All right. Phoenix7726 in chat asks, so if we ever get Half-Life 3, does the world end?
Shh. Shh.
DJ Rama S says, remember, Capcom had that same sign up in their office for years. Yeah, that's true.
All right. Anyhow, let's use a little bit of magic to take a step back in time and check out the classic game of the week with Dark Sakura.
So I'm going to push this button over here marked Time Warp.
And through the magic of internet radio, I'm going to be transported to a space where I'm joined with Dark Sakura.
Jamie Summers, hello.
Hi. We found a magical interdimensional space where there's no COVID.
Yes. Let's use it to our advantage for our little podcast.
Yeah, we're going to podcast and play video games.
All right. Well, you're here to join us,
as you do every week to talk about the classic game of the week where we're going to step into the vault and find a video game that we think,
hey, the brat should be checking out this game instead this week.
Forget your Debbie Daylights and your Final Fantasy 12s and 14s and 16s.
You should enjoy this classic instead.
Oh, I believe we have a treat tonight because we have a flag.
We do. Yeah, it's a flag. A wild flag has spotted. Throw a pester ball at it.
So if you don't know what a flag is, that is a fucking weird arcade game of the month and a special 2021 twist.
Dark Sakura takes her segment and every month spotlights one fucking weird arcade game.
And this week is no different. Dark Sakura, what is the flag for the month of March?
Well, this game says you need to get off your ass and start moving.
And it's not DDR.
It's Spider-Star.
No, the game is called Inu no Osanpo, which means walk the dog, and it's a dog walking simulation game.
But now the developers of this were WoW Entertainment and Cave, as in cave shooters, you know.
Oh, wow.
And it was published by Sega for the NAOMI arcade system in 2001.
So basically, it is a virtual dog walking game with a treadmill and a leash attachment.
So and of course, it only came out in Japan, although I think you can find them like in really random places in North America.
But basically, it's supposed to simulate the experience of dog walking.
And you can choose one of six breeds.
You have a poodle, a pug, a Pembroke Welsh Corgi, which I would be using all the time because corgis are amazing.
Corgis are amazing.
Shiba Inu, a Labrador Retriever or Siberian Husky.
So it's like Nintendogs, but it's cave dogs.
No, they don't like it.
You don't have to dodge like firepower from them or anything or, you know, flying poops.
OK.
That's Pixel Poops Part 3, the poops in space.
Anyway, so depending on what kind of dog you choose, you get a different difficulty.
So after you select the dog, then you get one of three walking routes, each of them that has a unique scenario with it.
Route A is the beginner route where you walk to the pet store to buy dog food.
Route B is intermediate, which is walking around in a field so your dog can play Frisbee.
And Route C, which is the hardest one, takes you through a city on the way home from the dog park.
So once you've chosen your dog and your route, the walk starts and your goal is to keep your dog happy.
You have to keep that dog happy long enough to complete the entire course.
And so you have a mood meter in the game and musical notes that are around the doggy's head.
So you have to move this plastic leash controller to steer the dog away from danger, like traffic or big dogs.
And then towards things that the dog would be interested in, like cats.
You also have to avoid garbage and rotten food so that your dog won't eat it and become sick.
But if you know your dog won't be injured or anything, but if you don't keep the dog out of danger, the mood meter will decrease.
And you also have to keep moving at the right pace to keep your dog happy.
Too fast will drag your dog and too slow will make your dog become angry and hug at the leash.
And then if you do well, you can unlock a bonus stage where you have to follow your dog that chases your runaway cat.
So the game's over when your route is completed or your dog gets too pissed at you.
At the end, you get a score, which is basically, well, it's calculated by your distance, the amount of movement and the number of calories burned.
So there's one review I could find of this game and basically IGN called it odd and proof that Sega is absolutely insane.
I'd say that's a compliment.
Yeah, there are a few other reviews about it out and around.
Siliconera did one that, you know, was basically, you know, saying that it was, you know, a happy little game.
You can move around and that it's strange that when you run, the dog doesn't move faster.
You can sprint and the dog will just kind of go with you.
But you do get happy bonus points when you let the dog have fun with it.
And this actually did come out before Nintendogs.
Oh, yeah.
Wouldn't have been neat, though, if you could have, like, had your Nintendogs data interact with this.
The things that could have been if there was an earlier Nintendo and Sega, I guess, partnership, how did now I might have missed this.
But how do you how do you control this? Is it just like a normal joystick type of thing?
It's it's this big leash controller that you would just move back and forth to steer your dog.
Interesting. OK, because I know these I know these Sega arcade games, like all of them just had like wild controllers to go custom things to go with them.
So, OK, this one's no different then.
Well, yeah, and you do I mean, basically like the the cars coming up on you were bicycles are kind of this quick time event.
So you'd have to move the chain to keep the dog out of the way.
And then the cat chasing one is a full on run.
So there's that.
And you also, of course, I mean, like you can let your dog have a pee because that makes dogs happy to be able to have a pee.
So it hashtag relatable.
Yeah. But, you know, this kind of game, I think I would love to play this one.
I'd love to find one, you know, because I think that something like this would be just, you know, super, super fun to do.
You know, I I'm into to these kinds of of activity games.
It's and it's about little doggies, in particular, corgis as one of the selections.
How can you possibly go wrong? Well, and and the other thing about these Naomi era games are I mean,
I mean, like we had one of Planet Harrier was Hikaru.
We had what was it, Brave Firefighters, I think also was around Bank Panic.
I know that was that was early on. I'm thinking big, big panic.
But we had. Brave Firefighters wasn't Sega, was it?
I don't recall, but I remember seeing one of those, but they did a bunch of just weird games like this.
Those like Jumbo Safari was that that was Namco. Yes.
But there were like these series of games right around this time that were like these weird kind of simulation or adventure games that were sort of
putting you in this one particular like area of of experience, like something very sort of thinking of very isolated.
Does that make sense? Yeah. Very focused on a certain thing.
And just a minor update, because I'm sure the chat room is probably screaming it already. Jumbo Safari actually was a Sega.
Sega did publish that game and it was originally going to be part of like a three in one compilation.
That was like a real life career series with Brave Firefighters and Emergency Call Ambulance was the other one, except Emergency Call Ambulance.
Well, the actual compilation was never released, although I guess all those games were individually in the arcade.
Just a little footnote, even though it's a different game.
Yeah. And so I'm really quick just pulling up like another list of the NAOMI games.
So there was like a hold on, it's taking me a moment to bring it up.
So, yeah, for NAOMI, we had Crazy Taxi, F355 Challenge, Super Monkey Ball, Virtual Fighter.
So that was NAOMI and NAOMI 2. Just some of the games that were on them.
NAOMI 2 was the replacement for Hikaru.
But I mean, for Hikaru, we had Brave Firefighters again, Star Wars Arcade, Planet Harriers, NASCAR Arcade.
So they were really kind of getting into some of the, I'd say more interesting things.
Well, there's a lot of iconic arcade games in that category and lots of flags in their own right.
Yeah, definitely a lot of flags.
But I was actually just double checking and I saw they also had one called Triforce.
Yeah, that was the F-Zero one, right?
Exactly. But it was co-developed by Namco, Sega and Nintendo, and that was F-Zero AX.
After that, they had Chihiro, which was based on Xbox structure.
That was Ghost Squad and Outrun 2 and Virtual Cop 3.
All right. Well, we got lots of arcade games there.
All right. But the classic game of the week. What was it one more time?
Inu no Osanpo. So it literally means walking the dog.
All right. And probably not found in an arcade near you.
But I'm sure there's some footage to check out online.
Or if you do find one in the US somewhere, let us know.
I need a picture. Play it.
Dark Sakura wants to fly out there and play it.
Record yourself playing it.
Yes.
And I'll try to draw you a puppy.
Tweet it at us. All right.
Yeah.
Dark Sakura, I know you can't join us live tonight.
Do you have any other final thoughts for our listeners tonight before we go back to the show?
I'll tell people why.
Okay, sure.
So I'm participating in GISH, the Great International Scavenger Hunt.
Not to be confused with the original Snashing Pumpkins album, correct?
Did they have an album called GISH?
I think so. It was their very first album, I think.
Was that what it was called?
Yes.
I'm having an old person moment.
That's all right.
Well, at any rate, I'm doing a mini hunt and they issue out small challenges.
And some of them, though, involve doing acts of charity and kindness for other people.
There's going to be another big one in August, and that's the week-long hunt.
But I'm doing this small weekend one, and it involves doing baking and crafting and making commercials and things like that.
So I just want to say that on a time where it's not going to interfere with Orange Lounge Radio, I will plan my time better.
But I would definitely look into going to GISH.com and seeing if this is something you'd want to participate in, because I'd like to start an Orange Lounge team.
Okay.
Let me know if you want to be a GISH-er.
All right.
All right. Well, we will see you back on the show again next week, Dark Sakura. Have a great week.
You too. Bye.
All right. There it is, your classic game of the week.
And now we are warped back to the present and back here live in the studio.
And what I think is kind of interesting is that Bobby Blackwell was listening to that segment and actually found pictures of him playing the game.
So he posted it in the, you may or may not know this, we have a secret subscribers only chat on our Discord server.
So if you actually have your Discord link to your Twitch and you subscribe to VOG Network, then you get access to this little special channel in there.
So just a little extra perk, Bobby posted a picture.
If you ever curious what he looks like without a beard and what he looked like when he was 28 as opposed to 29, I guess, you can check that out over in the VOG Network Discord.
So I thought that was funny that Bobby's actually played the game.
So he'll have to he'll have to tell Jamie all about it, I guess.
But that looked like that was like a fun game.
I'd never seen one in person either.
But I expect most of these weird arcade games, probably not unless she picks Derby Owners Club at some point, which would be a pretty weird pick, I guess.
I don't know.
All right. Well, let's get back into the show and do some rapid fire news.
Loki, why don't you start us off?
Yes. So we have a brand new Blaster Master game announced.
So Blaster Master 03 coming to PlayStation 4, PC and Nintendo Switch this summer.
And they put out a brand new trailer for that as well.
It's supposed to launch on July 29th.
That reminds me I need to play Blaster Master 02, but those those remakes are really good.
Yeah. Yeah. This one looks pretty good, too.
So that coming soon.
So, you know, I wonder what they're going to make after this, because Inti Creates has been doing a lot of good stuff.
I know. Can somebody just send them a copy of the Guardian legend?
Just leave it on their doorstep, just with a hint and maybe a cake or something.
Just anyway, just saying.
You know, funny that you mention that, because it's like actually I haven't I've been picking up some more.
I went to the flea market this weekend to go look at retro games because there's on the was it the Folsom Boulevard flea market or wherever they've got, like this guy that sells is like a shop.
Oh, yeah. I've been in there. Yeah.
Except it's a complete mess and you can't find anything in the condition of them are pretty horrible.
So I was kind of I don't remember when I went in there.
Have you been to the one downtown at this point, right? Like that new place downtown?
I have not been to the one down.
You should. It's cute. It's cute.
Yeah, I need to go in there. But anyways, so I was just playing because I was looking for a copy of the Guardian legends.
I ended up just ordering one. So I've got a copy coming for my Nintendo.
Now that I have good rampage. Yeah, good.
Make your kids play it.
I, I will.
Good tone. This is what a good game looks like.
Yeah, excellent. All right.
Anyways, and then we, of course, are not surprised by the fact that there is an announcement that Super Nintendo World in Orlando has been delayed to 2025.
Not a big surprise with the pandemic going on.
But apparently the park now is scheduled to open early 2025 and has been, of course, on hold since COVID-19 is a thing.
So that's fine. Probably not the one I would have been going to.
Anyways, I know the Anaheim one's a little ahead of schedule or, you know, not Anaheim, but like Hollywood Universal.
Yeah, Hollywood, I guess, is a little bit more along than the Orlando one anyway.
So I and I believe that is actually in Hollywood, too.
It's not just name that because, you know, L.A. or whatever. I think.
Yeah. I remember I based on where it is, right. It's right across the street from Hollywood Bowl.
If I remember right. Yeah. Yeah. So, yeah, I mean, I'm more anticipating going that one anyway.
So no big deal. But yeah, but still a two year delay is pretty significant.
Like I would have I wouldn't wouldn't have been surprised if it was like a year, you know, about the same time that COVID has been.
Well, we hope like, you know, again, this is the first show of March 2020 again.
You know what I mean? Like, you know, it's been it's honestly it has been I think we did do so.
I was still on the cruise this time last year. Right. I was on that Star Trek cruise, which again, nothing.
You would have never known that there was cruise problems in the world because I had a great time and nothing happened.
But if I remember right, I got back. I was at work for a week. And then you and I did a show that Sunday.
Jamie wasn't here because she got her respiratory thing, which, you know, she thought at the time could be COVID.
But I think the doctors ended up it was something else. But I remember you and I were here in the studio.
That was the last show we did in the studio together was there. So all three of us were a year past that point now.
But even just you and me here in the studio, it were past a year or we're coming up on a year.
I think that was would have been like March 15th or so. Last year was the last show we did live.
Yeah. So like next week, basically. So we're kind of looped a whole year.
So anyway, hoping that COVID does ramp down in about that same, you know, that year time frame.
You know, they are they're finally talking about Disneyland in April. Right.
So that's a pretty that's a pretty significant, you know, milestone, I think, especially remember California's got a very different approach to all of this than maybe the part of the country you live in.
Yeah. Everything is opening up over here, though. I know.
I know it's a weird like is is he doing it just because people are pissed off enough to sign a recall petition or is it.
But I, I try to listen to the scientists and not the politicians and the, you know, the science does seem to be that like, if you're vaccinated, it does open up a lot more possibility for you.
It's just about we've got to make sure that the vaccines also stop the disease, which the signs out of Israel are looking hopeful, at least for Pfizer, that it will stop because that would be very, very, very good news.
If the vaccines also stop you from being able to transmit it, that will probably put a stop to all this. Fingers and toes crossed.
But anyway, my my my real point being with all of this was I thought because maybe the pandemic would last about a year, maybe a little over 13, 14 months, that this would only be delayed 13, 14 months.
But we're talking a two year delay. Right. It's crazy. Yeah. Yeah.
I wonder how the stuff's going on in California Adventure. I know that they were doing the whole Avengers complex thing, the new rides and stuff over there.
All that is still that they all that is still being worked on. They took the time to go back and redo.
They totally redid Snow White's ride at Disneyland. And I think they refer.
So, I mean, Disneyland is going to look great for those people that can actually get in there in April and who are willing to go in there in April, because I got to admit, I'm still a little bit like.
But I'm not I'm not going to judge people who want to rush and go to Disneyland in April, because I've been in the shoes of somebody where a Disneyland trip can do wonders for your mental health.
And I think after the year it's been, I think a lot of us need that boost to our mental health. And we have to remember, they're only going to open at like 15, 25 percent capacity.
There's going to be masks. Not everything's probably going to be open. Everybody gets to make their own personal choice on that as far as I'm concerned.
And I'm not going to judge people that want to go day one because I get it. Some people need it and it's just that simple.
But anyway, 15, 15 to 20 percent capacity. Can you imagine? Yeah, but that might be fantastic. I know.
Right. Sounds like a dream to be in the park when it's only that full. Honestly, it almost makes me want to risk it.
But conveniently, Alan and I have other financial priorities right now.
So like when we talk about let's go to Disneyland right when they open, it's kind of like that's just it's it's a nonstarter conversation for us right now.
Like we have to get past some milestones we're working on first. So anyway.
Wow. We got to rapid fire news from that two year delay story. All right. Let's quickly talk about these other stories then.
A new RPG coming to Apple Arcade. Well, we already knew this. I knew I remember we talked about Mist Walker was making something for Apple Arcade.
Now we've seen it. It's called Fantasian. And I've got to admit, it looks really nice.
I mean, for a phone game. And I don't know how many of you out there had this reaction, but I know I was like switch switch version when?
Because I'd rather just play this on the switch. But the way some of the battles work looks like it might be kind of touch screen intensive,
which maybe is a good thing because things designed for a cell phone controller tend to work a little better.
So I don't know. This this may be all right. I got to maybe give this a chance.
But anyway, of course, Mr. Mist Walker brought us the Blue Dragon series, Lost Odyssey, which I'm getting a lot of Lost Odyssey vibes from some of the battles.
Should we have a new Lost Odyssey game? Well, you got this for better or worse.
It looks good. Yeah, it does. And they actually use like real like dioramas that actually make up the backgrounds.
They're like real figures and sculptures and things that kind of a neat way to do it.
So, yeah, check out the trailer if you haven't seen it yet. So and apparently I'll never play it because it's on Apple Arcade.
Yeah. Well, hopefully you can still buy it as a standalone game. And again, hopefully it does get ported to other stuff.
And doesn't end there. But yeah, who knows what kind of deal they have.
Apple may have financed it. And if that's the case, you're not going to play it anywhere else, period.
So we'll see. All right. Anyhow, one other story.
So I guess I'm a Dead by Daylight person now because I have a story about Dead by Daylight and a new killer that's coming to that game.
So Dead by Daylight is getting a new killer. It is not somebody you recognize.
It is not like the Demi Gorgon from Stranger Things, which, yes, is one of the killers you can play, or Leatherface or something like that.
It is going to be inspired very much by a K-pop.
Actually, I believe some folks actually kind of like worked on this who are involved in K-pop.
They teamed up with a BTS producer to actually create the character Ji Woon, who is a K-pop star.
And he is somehow he went from K-pop to being addicted to murder.
He uses knives and he kind of looks he looks pretty cool.
Looks like he might be kind of that more fast and agile character I'm looking to play. I don't know.
So, yeah, he uses throwing knives, which I believe the Huntress kind of uses a similar thing as well, and then has some other tricks and things as well.
And there will be a survivor that gets added to the game as well.
And the All Kill chapter will be released soon. It is on the Test Realms right now, if you want to check that out.
I'm also hearing that colorblind, some of the issues with the colorblindness are being addressed in this update as well.
And they're showing some of the auras of like what generators look like in different stages.
Some of that is going to be changing the colors as well to help address some of those issues, which is good news, because that's a long time coming.
So that is coming out.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates. Loki.
So we've got a few things coming out, starting off with looks like Apex Legends.
That's going to be coming out on Nintendo Switch. I was like, that game's already out everywhere.
Oh, sweet. Not yet. Not this way. Not this way. Not yet.
Gensou Sky Drift on PlayStation 4. We have Stronghold Warlords on PC.
Monster Energy Supercross, the official video game for on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation, Xbox One, Xbox Series X and Stadia.
Crash Bandicoot 4 It's About Time on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X.
And that's it.
All right, going over to Japan and checking out the releases there.
A-Train, Hajimaru Kankou Kaikaku comes out on the Nintendo Switch.
A-Train All Aboard Tourism is basically what that is.
So it's another one of those A-Train simulation games. Again, there's a ton of them in Japan.
They don't bring many of them over here, and that's too bad.
Crash Bandicoot It's About Time also gets its Japanese release this week on March 12th.
And let's see, that's about it for the Switch this week.
Looking at the PlayStation 5, I don't think we get anything until we get the Japanese version of a Tom Clancy game on March 18th.
PlayStation 4, on the other hand, gets the King of Fighters XIV.
The Ultimate Edition comes out this week on March the 11th.
So you can check that out on PlayStation 4.
Otherwise, it's a fairly light week this week.
OK, how about the UK, Logie?
We've got the Hunting Simulator 2 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Monster Truck Championship on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Monster Energy Supercross 4 on PlayStation 4, Xbox One and on PC.
Wheel of Fortune on the Switch.
Trivial Pursuit Live on Switch.
RISC on Switch.
I don't even know how to pronounce this.
Jupiter Grad on PlayStation 4.
Baobad's Mausoleum on Nintendo Switch.
And that's it.
I didn't realize it was such a board game week.
Trivial Pursuit and RISC.
Yeah, all those family games, I guess they're just putting out physical versions of that.
Yeah, but a lot of those hold up really well over time.
There's still people that are gung-ho about a game like RISC.
All right, let's move on and get back into a few more long stories for you guys.
I have a feeling it's going to end up a shorter show tonight
because we're not even at the two-hour mark yet.
We only have about four more stories for you guys.
But we're down a host tonight.
Actually, the news seemed to be a little bit lighter too this week.
It didn't seem to be quite as much going on as we've had in the past couple of weeks.
So we'll do a few stories for you guys.
And if you have any questions, we'll get to those, of course, in our Discord or other comments.
Twitch.tv slash vog network.
And we do have one more longer email to get to tonight as well,
which I briefly glanced at before the show, and it's pretty cool.
So we'll get to that in a minute.
Meanwhile, Loki.
So there's been this long story that's been going on about this publisher
or developer Frogwares and their game The Sinking City.
Apparently, they've had to DMCA their own game on Steam to get it taken down
because apparently their publisher has pirated the game and put it onto the storefront.
So the way this worked out is the publisher Nacon, which I think is also
I'm trying to remember the other name for them,
but they published a lot of these kind of British games as well.
Like they had, I think, some of the Sherlock Holmes games
and there was, I can't remember some of the others,
I think it might be Ben Interactive.
So they actually had a deal with the developers Frogwares on The Sinking City.
And apparently they did not fulfill their part of the deal,
which included payments for the game and hitting development milestones.
Basically, they had the game done and they said,
oh, well, you didn't hit your development milestones,
you're not going to pay you.
So it kind of breached the contract with that.
And since Frogwares owns the entire IP for it,
you know, they were supposed to be able to publish that on their own.
Well, what ended up happening is this company decided to go ahead
and just take a version of the game from another platform,
reverse compile it, basically using some,
I don't know if they hacked it or what,
but then they went ahead and they took out the developer Frogwares logos
and stuff out of the game and tried publishing it on Steam.
So they basically stole it and they published it.
And they were so lazy about it, they didn't even use the same,
they used the same encryption keys as the original game had.
So Frogwares, of course,
were able to go in with their own encryption keys and see that, yes,
they did steal this from this other platform.
That's pretty bold.
It is.
OK, so apparently, yeah, it's in this long, you know,
drawn out thing that they've had to do.
Now, of course, they've filed lawsuits and going to try to go after this company
because, you know, it sounds like they've basically tried to steal it
and get actual profits from this,
considering that they hadn't paid any of their appropriate royalties.
So, yeah, this isn't going on for a while now for several years.
So this is kind of led up to this moment.
But that's kind of crazy.
So be interesting to see what ends up happening.
I'm hoping that they actually end up putting out the game again under the Frogwares label,
because that's what they've been doing is actually self-publishing a lot of stuff.
And from what I understand, though,
this is not the first time that they've had trouble like this with this publisher,
is that they've tried to do like shady stuff like that before.
So I don't know.
This publisher is going to have quite a reputation.
Yeah, exactly.
Not the good kind.
I'll be interested to see how this unfolds.
It sounds like at least they're starting to get to a point
where there might be some resolution to it, but I don't know.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says,
My favorite part is that Frogwares still had access to the Steam page
and posted news updates to say not to buy it.
And that the publishers already changed their name once.
Bobby talked about this at length on his show tonight.
So it's yeah.
Yeah, so it's interesting.
There was there was a few stories I had heard people talking about and stuff.
So, you know, kind of got the gist of what was going on there.
But yeah, I don't know.
Publishers, man.
What do you get?
What are they good for?
Well, I know they're good for, but in this case, they didn't fulfill their part of it.
So it's like, you know, you can't, you know, back out of paying royalties.
Oh, but we want money, though.
You pay us your money.
But we're not going to pay you our money.
I don't know.
All right.
It's ridiculous.
Well, I think this agreement will go a little bit smoother, at least we hope.
Forever Entertainment is gone into an agreement to release multiple game remakes
based on an IP that belongs to Square Enix Japan.
This is something that the company announced.
We don't know what it is.
And of course, obviously, fanboys are going wild with speculation.
Square Enix remakes are very in style right now.
Right.
We just had what?
Legend of Mana and Saga Frontier.
Two mediocre at best games getting remakes.
I have to be shady.
I'm sorry.
It's my opinion.
Those two games, you know, are getting the Switch ones.
And then we had some pretty stellar games like Trials of Mana or Second Edition 3.
You know, and those remakes.
And of course, some of the older Final Fantasy games got remakes some times ago,
for better or for worse.
But Forever Entertainment has gone into agreement to remake something.
We don't know what it is.
There's a lot of whisper.
Maybe is it Chrono Trigger Cross?
Because Square hasn't visited that in a while.
There was the Chrono Trigger, like, mobile phone iPad version.
They did do that.
But I don't know if that's what they want the final note on Chrono Trigger to be.
That might be reaching a little bit.
I don't know what other Square Enix IPs it could be.
I'm sure everybody has their...
I've got to look at chat here in a minute because I'm sure they've got some comments.
But some other points here from Forever Entertainment.
The remakes will have new visuals, but the same gameplay and scenario from the original versions.
Over 50% of sales will go to Forever Entertainment.
And Forever Entertainment recently did that Panzer Dragoon remake,
which wasn't received super well when it first came out,
but I think it got better with some patches.
So that's where they've kind of set the bar.
PlayStation 4, Xbox One, Switch, and PC for the Panzer Dragoon remake.
And there is going to be a Panzer Dragoon 2 Zwei remake in 2021.
They also have remade House of the Dead and House of the Dead 2 or are remaking those, I guess.
So they're very busy in the remake department.
Folks in chat saying Einhnder. Why not?
No, don't ruin Einhnder.
Bobby Blackpool says Ur-Guys remake.
But it seems like it's got to be more than one game.
Because it says a franchise.
So there's more than one game that we're talking about.
Toeball.
I think there only was a Toeball number two. Was there a Toeball number one?
No, there's a one. You can't have a two without a one.
I don't know if gaming always works like that.
Parasite Eve is a good guess by Black Wolf.
That is a good guess.
Because there were two, at least, of those games, right?
Didn't they do something on the Vita, though, with that too?
I think they did. I think it had a totally different name, though.
Ooh, yes. Yes, ActDeft. Yes, yes, yes.
ActDeft says, I want Chocobo Racing. Yes to that.
Although I think there was only one release of that.
I hope it's not like Chocobo Mystery Dungeon. I shouldn't say that.
Those games aren't as exciting as some of these other ones.
Bobby Blackpool says Toeball 1 was released in the US.
Toeball 2 was not, but it had the Final Fantasy 7 demo with it.
All right. So, we'll see.
I mean, we can theorize all we want, but we're just not going to know what it is.
Moving on. Loki.
Kind of going back to something I talked about earlier, right?
Yes. So, this is interesting.
Apparently, Mojang has announced that Minecraft Dungeons is going to become an arcade game.
So, this is being developed by...
Oh, who was the developer? Because I was looking them up, actually.
It's the same folks that do the extremely large Halo cabinet out there.
It's basically, I think, a division of Raw Thrills.
But, yeah, play mechanics. That's what it was.
And so, they're doing this. It's like a four-player cabinet co-op, obviously.
And what's kind of cool about it is you're also going to be able to get physical cards that go along with that.
You can scan with, apparently, some RFID that's going to allow you to basically get different power-ups and stuff like that.
So, they're going to have some sort of physical element as well.
Yeah, different physical trading cards that you'll be able to collect.
Yay. So, like Derby Owners Club cards, again?
I think so. Yeah. It's going to get new power-ups.
I love those.
That's cool.
Yeah. So, no word, obviously, when we're going to see this in arcades, because arcades are open.
Well, again, our perspective, Loki, here they're not.
But other places, remember, there's plenty of other states where just COVID is just, it's just there.
We just, we ignore it, you know?
So, arcades are open in lots of places. It's just not here.
Apparently, it says there's 60 cards to collect.
This is each player can scan up to five cards per session.
And where do we purchase these cards is what I want to know.
Do you get them out of the machine?
But, yeah, it looks interesting.
They're going to have different buttons for, like, melee, dodge, and range weapons.
Yeah. I mean, it looks just like Minecraft Dungeons.
So, that sounds like fun.
Yeah. I kind of want to play it, you know?
Well, Jay, and Bobby is reminding us that in Jason's intro, he did say stay away from it if you don't have kids.
But, you know, that's why you go to the arcade between the hours of 9 a.m. and 3 p.m. while the kids are still at school.
I used to love playing, like, Gauntlet Legends, though.
Like, I used to play Gauntlet Legends a lot, so, like, more, like, fun.
It looks like it's, like, a Gauntlet Legends-type game, but then they have minigames in there and stuff like that and different fun things like that.
I love it. I love the idea.
So, I'm down.
Yeah.
I think, Loki, you and I need to, like, if Scandia gets this, we sneak over there and play it during the day someday.
Hell, yes.
While all the kids are in school.
Exactly. I'm down. Anything to get out of work.
Awesome.
Alright, well, unfortunately for some people, their work is going to be changing pretty big and it has an impact on us.
And that is EA, of course, has made an unpopular decision for some. What a surprise.
They have delayed the next Need for Speed game.
So, they, you know, they do Need for Speed games pretty regularly.
And they said that the next Need for Speed in Battlefield games would be out in March 2022.
But EA has said, maybe not.
We're going to be delaying Need for Speed so that Criterion Games can actually help EA Dice on Battlefield.
And that has people feeling a certain some kind of way, is that their speed racing game is being put on hold for the shooty shooty bang bang game.
That has people feeling all sorts of things.
But I think the reality is Battlefield sells more copies than Need for Speed does traditionally.
So that is why it is. And you have to release the Need for Speed game last year.
So, I mean, they release Battlefield games all the time.
But anyway, and I think it's also the pandemic is probably hugely to blame for this.
Right. And this came up not just on Bobby's show.
We were talking about it too last week about the whole fact that it's it's harder to make a game during a pandemic.
I mean, yes, Zoom does a lot. Yes, you can use a lot of virtual meeting spaces.
You can do a lot of things virtually. You even have virtual whiteboard softwares and things like that.
Now, the fact of the matter is it's just harder to do it in this space than it is to do in person with those and everything that it can bring you there in person.
There's a lot of industries that they can make working at home work, but it would be better if it could be in person.
And I think this is just, you know, when those dates were initially projected, who would have thought that we'd be sitting here, you know, during this whole pandemic?
So I think that is what's really to blame.
It's just some people are going to say, well, that was a choice to, you know, delay Need for Speed and prioritize Battlefield.
That's where people are going to have the problem. And you know what?
If they delayed Battlefield and prioritize Need for Speed, there would have also been people that would have had a problem, which would have been the other half.
So anyway, no other real details about either game at this time.
But I imagine as June and whatever skeleton of E3 is left in June, we'll see more details on what this has in store, the new Battlefield game, and get a date.
Probably not so much the Need for Speed game.
Maybe we'd hear about that closer to a Game Awards type of time frame, or maybe just next year.
Maybe they're just going to delay it to next holiday at this point, which very well could be to take full advantage of PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X graphics.
Dartitsia does point out, well, didn't they just acquire the dirt developers?
I did enjoy Hot Pursuit Remastered, especially with the new customization update up now.
So maybe EA is looking at it that way, too. It's like, well, maybe we got Codemasters doing a thing so we can put off Need for Speed.
Maybe. I mean, yeah, maybe they would be kind of competing with themselves in that sense.
But I think there are different types of games. You have more of a sim racing game versus a more of an arcade racing game.
I don't know. I think even the last Need for Speed before the remaster of Hot Pursuit, which I think was better than the one before it.
The one before that, though, like, I don't remember what it was, The Chase, or I don't remember what the subtitle was, but wasn't very good.
I know that. So give it more time. I'd rather be good because obviously they release it now and then there's a road map of what they're going to fix.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, I just played Dirt 5 via Game Pass. It looks pretty on Xbox Series X, which is funny to say about a game called Dirt.
That's true. It's probably a name they should reevaluate, but I guess, hey, if they've got five games in the series, it's doing well.
Yeah, it's pretty iconic at this point.
Yeah, at this point, it's just funny that it's called Dirt. All right, this game is dirt. Anyway, let's get to the mailbag. Your opinions and your thoughts. Definitely not dirt.
Every week we invite your emails. Participate at orangeloungeradio.com and we read some of our favorites here on air.
We did one earlier in the show that was addressed to Shane. This one is not addressed to Shane. It's addressed to all of us because it starts, hey all.
So let's get to this email. Hey all, Ziba here. Good to hear from Ziba via email.
I wanted to share an amazing experience that I had in Final Fantasy 14 last Saturday. Normally my free company does maps or mount farming on Saturdays.
However, my free company leader saw an advertisement shout for a Little Mermaid production that a roleplay free company was doing.
Yes, you heard right, a production of the Little Mermaid. Not knowing what to expect, we all agreed to go. It was by far the best thing I have seen in an MMO.
They decorated their free company estate to make it look like a stage. They had a huge coral tabletop decoration in front of the stage and the maximum amount of large aquariums spread throughout the room with numerous fish in them.
They also had ambient water sounds playing. The cast all had armor glamors that look like each character. Ariel's father was a shirtless dragoon with a trident, which was great.
For the production itself, each cast member said their lines using slash yell. Their lines were directly taken from the movie in Broadway play. For the songs, they gave out a watch together link that had a YouTube video playing the music.
As you had this playing alongside the game, the cast would do a bunch of emotes in sync with the music. Also, they had two blue mages on either side of the stage doing the water and lightning effects.
For the scene changes from underwater and land, they had someone in charge of changing the wall color and lighting. For the kiss the girls scene, they had all of us go down to the basement where they had another area all decorated.
The audience was all asked to do the slash dote emote to convince Eric to kiss Ariel. For those who don't know, the slash dote emote is an emote that makes your character blow a kiss and a cartoon heart floats to where you target.
When the production ended, the character that played Ariel was sitting on a mermaid hot tub where you could take screenshots with her and sign the guestbook on your way out. This is like next level. This is next level, but I love it. I fucking love it.
The whole thing was truly amazing. I never thought I'd ever watch something like this in an MMO. I have always been interested in being a spectator during a roleplay session, but nothing like this.
Apparently, The Little Mermaid wasn't their first production. In the past, they've done Sweeney Todd, Rocky Horror Picture Show, Beauty and the Beast, and a handful of others. At the end of the month, they're doing a production of Labyrinth, and I can't wait to see it.
For those interested, the Final Fantasy XIV server is Mateus, which is on the Crystal Data Center, which is where I am not. Womp womp.
I'm looking forward to when we can travel between data centers, me too, so everyone can have a chance to experience their productions. Have any of you ever had an amazing experience similar to this in a game or MMO? Thanks, Ziba.
Nothing can compare to that. I wonder if there's got to be a YouTube that somebody put together, like a compilation of the whole thing. Not just the live sing-along bit of it, but somebody had to have recorded that. That's pretty amazing.
And I remember I saw somebody do... I think it was in an early... Not in Final Fantasy XIV 1.0, but I think right when Realm Reborn first came out, somebody redid the opera scene for Final Fantasy VI, but they did it in Final Fantasy XIV. Maybe it was all the way back in XI.
I can't remember. It's been so long. It's probably been done in both, honestly, and I'd always thought that was pretty cool, but yeah. Have you ever done... I mean, you played XI for a while, and you've dabbled in some MMOs. Do you ever remember an experience that was just so immersive like this?
Yeah, no. Me neither. Bobby Blackwell says, we used bards in EverQuest and musicians or entertainers in Star Wars Galaxies to do concerts and performances. Yeah, I've heard of that. There's a lot of that that happens in XIV too now, like right in the main plazas of like Gridania or Limsa Lominsa. Like, there will be bands that get together and play songs because playing instruments is a thing in the game now.
I don't think you have to be a bard to do it, but it helps, I guess. But there's all sorts of musical instruments you can play. It's really silly and fun. I will say this, Ziba, to try to humor your question, and you're probably familiar with this as a Final Fantasy XIV player, but I don't think everybody is.
I would say those weddings that they do or the ceremonies of eternal bonding, because that is how Final Fantasy XIV sidestepped the apparently controversial issue of same-sex marriage, which I get it. Japanese culture isn't in the same place we are, and even we aren't perfect when it comes to that stuff.
So you can do the ceremony of eternal bonding. And I remember the first time I went to one of those, because the game kind of has it all built in. They have a to-do ceremony about it, and these cutscenes where the characters like fly up into the air and kiss and grow wings and they're spinning. It's really cute.
And the whole thing is staged. You have to reserve a spot at this cathedral in-game, and you get the place to yourself for like 45 minutes to do the ceremony. You send invites to your friends that you want to be able to go, and they can actually participate, and it's pretty next level.
So like, as really silly as this story sounds that Ziba's telling about the lengths that people are going to to do this in-game, Final Fantasy XIV has kind of set the tone, even amongst the official stuff they've done.
And I bet Yoshi P, if he knew about this, would fucking love it. Like, he probably can't go on the record and say it because, you know, copyright issues. Do they have an official license to be doing that? Probably not. So I doubt any of the XIV team can officially acknowledge that stuff, but you bet if they've got wind of it, they probably think it's fucking funny.
Like in a good way, in a good way. Laughing with it, not at it.
Yeah, and S21 on her map brings up, you know, something else that is very true and a matter of fact with these MMOs is that the funerals in MMOs for IRL players that pass away are really special. I remember ones in WoW and EverQuest.
And yeah, that's a lot more difficult, but you know, the bonds that you build with people in games, especially like, you know, folks that you raid with, you're there every Wednesday night, you know?
And, you know, like I do this show every week on Sundays. And I had another show, Horde House, for several years that was about Warcraft. And I remember a listener passed away that was somebody that would, you know, tune into the show pretty regular and somebody that I interacted with on Twitch.
And that hit us all like right in the feels, so to speak, you know, and I'd feel the same way. I know this is really dark. I'm sorry, but I feel the same way if like one of our Sunday regulars suddenly stopped coming and it was because of a reason like that.
I would be very torn up, you know? And so we get close with the people that we hang out with regularly and things like that. So I'm not surprised that, you know, these big to do's when it comes to things like funerals are as, I guess, impressive in the context of what you can do with an MMO and what it kind of means to people and stuff.
It doesn't really surprise me. Anyway, back to on a lighter note, as are weddings, as are the RP events and things of that nature as well.
So Bobby Black Wolf is talking about how he wrote songs for EverQuest and they played it playing the loot spell and then typing really fast. And they travel around to do concerts.
We even went into the dark elf town where all the NPCs were KOS of our characters to do a secret concert in the city. We had to get smuggled in by the dark elf RP guild with invisible spells and distractions of the NPCs. That's great.
You know, but that's, yeah, that's how you know a game really has got a fan base. When you've got like multiple people trying to do these like crazy things and really push the limits and just for the fun of it, really.
So thanks for the email, Ziba. I love that. And I got to seek that out on YouTube and see if they capture because unfortunately, I'm not on the Crystal Data Center.
But, you know, again, like you said, hopefully in the next expansion, they say they're going to be working on those cross realm visits so that we can do things like that.
I just I wonder if at some point the housing district hits a limit, because they do. There's also, you know, I haven't seen those RP events, but Ziba and I know they got to be on your data center to are those hot tub events.
And y'all know what kind of RP happens there.
And that is, that is a thing. Hey, hey, give a man an internet, and he'll put porn on it. Okay, so like that's, that's it. Like it's so so yeah, that all that happens but I know some of those events can get really really really really crowded, so I be interesting kind of stress
test and that whole thing. Anyway, thanks for the email, Ziba. If you guys have an email for us, participate at orangelandrado.com is the place to send us an email. I love that. Hey, if you got a story about an MMO event, I'd love to hear that as well.
All right.
Now's the part of the show where we get to last minute stories, and if you guys have any questions for us or further comment in our chat room twitch.tv slash vog network, why we'll get to those as well but Loki I'll check in with you for some last minute stories.
I don't have anything. Oh, yeah, it was it was a little bit slower of a week wasn't it.
Yeah, pretty much was any game saw on the agenda like games that you're like meaning to check out you're trying to get around to here pretty soon.
Not really like there isn't anything on my radar that's really kind of coming out that I'm looking forward to.
I don't know, I just know I need to work on more of mine, I've, I've been hesitating to try to split the audio engine in mind to be able to allow for more music to be crammed in.
Because it's going to be a pain in the ass. So I've been just hesitating to do that. I know I probably can.
And if I do that, then I have to go get some more music to put in the game. So we'll see. But that's what I'm basically you got to use use all that money you're getting from the game that's out there now.
Yeah, all of that money.
Lucky to break even break, but you didn't. Well, did you. Oh yeah, because you had to pay the musicians right and you did contract out some of that stuff so well fingers crossed.
Yeah, it's fine. Well I bet when you get those physical additions going I mean I know you're not going to sell those much of a profit, but yeah, we'll get some money from that with the NES I think a lot of people more interested in physical stuff anyways
they're not interested in ROM so it's understandable.
And that's why I'm like thinking well do I want to do like a, like a Kickstarter or something like that I may end up doing that because I've seen a lot of people even like very small scale stuff for physical editions will do Kickstarter, but I just have
to figure out like, you know, what do you need to account for for the fees and taxes and you can always set the Kickstarter at, you know, what you have 12 cartridges now right so let's say you sell those for 50 bucks a pop.
That's what 600 bucks. So you set the Kickstarter at 600 bucks, you know account for the cartridges you have now and then anything else that people pre order on top of that is a bonus, you know, and then tells you have any of those cartridges
you need to find.
Yeah, so I may end up doing something like that and then later on down the road whenever they launch that new retroverse or whatever thing that they're going to have.
Where it's basically like they'll make them as, as they sell, and it's just more of like you sign in licensing deal and then they, they pay you know whatever on, you know, certain amount of money from each one of those.
That's cool. Do that now to worry about like maintaining inventory on that stuff. It'd be kind of cool though the next time we actually do like, you know, one of those Sacramento indie game festival things and stuff like that I can actually showcase something
and go there. So that'd be fun. Thank you. And then, and then I do want to finish up my game now so I can work on something else, I may end up doing another Nintendo game. I have an idea for like a roguelike game but I don't know that that's, I don't know.
I could do that. We'll see.
I have an idea though what I could do for that but it is a little complicated. So we'll see. But, yeah, it'll be fun.
All right, well we're not getting a lot of comments from our chat specific to the roundtable and Alan just finished dinner and just came over here to set it down so I think I think I'm ready to wrap up Loki, I know it's a little bit shorter time.
So we still have two hours so we did a good job. Yeah.
Anyway, um, thank you, Shane for sitting in at the top of the show tonight I doubt he's still out there listening but he's probably doing homework but I want to thank him for filling in last minute again tonight.
DarkSakura will be back with us next week as will you Loki of course, as will I and we'll talk about whatever happens in gaming next week. Of course I want to wrap up and get everybody's final thoughts.
Before I do that, I want to thank you guys for listening to Orange Lounge Radio tonight. If you enjoyed what you heard here at the show, please help us spread the word, a nice little like social media tweet share type of thing goes an awful long way a five star review on iTunes
or wherever you found this show auto hosts on vogue I can't emphasize how helpful that is. And, yeah, spreading the word, because we want to get more voices here but we can't put the voices out there if they're not here so anything you guys can do to help us
promote much appreciated I'm really excited for conventions to come back because I want to get more tables at local convention stuff, because I think that's the best way to get new people is just you have to, you know, put yourself right in front of them
and get them to sub on the phone while they're right or follow on the phone while they're right there, you know, so, yeah, looking forward to conventions coming back fingers crossed fingers crossed.
But otherwise that's going to do it. If you want to go the extra mile and do financial support, you certainly don't have to but we do have a shop with some merchandise like shirts and things like that go over to vogue network.com slash shop, if you're so inclined
and check out what we have for sale there some stickers and some shirts and some fun things like that.
Okay, let's get our final thoughts, Loki, I will start with you your final thought.
My final thought is, hopefully I finished up this tree this week because it's, it's huge.
All right. And my final thought is these tacos look delicious.
It's taco Sunday here at the Roberts and husband household. So I'm very, very excited about that. All right, that's it. Have a great week everybody happy gaming we'll see you in seven days to do it all over again.
Good night. Bye.
You've been listening to orange lounge radio.
Orange lounge radio is a production of OLR studios to join us for a live show. Tune in to vogue network.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific 9pm.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio or vogue network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
.
