Orange Lounge Radio
Radio Hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 782 for this June the 30th of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me tonight, Techmaster Loki here in studio.
Hello.
Hi, how are you?
I'm very full.
You're very full?
Yes, I had some katsudon before the show started.
It looked like a baby threw up in that plate and you ate it.
It looked much better on Friday when it had the same thing.
It's supposed to be just like pork cutlets that are breaded and fried and then they do onions and carrots and then there's a scrambled egg over the top.
All that smelly stuff and I'm surprised, Mr. Smoosh, my dear kitty is not out here going meow meow meow and smelling all that stuff.
But seriously, it looked like my cat had vomited into rice and then that was what I was eating.
But it was delicious vomit.
Sometimes food that doesn't look appetizing actually ends up being really freaking appetizing.
It is good.
It's so good that I've been craving it since I had it on Friday and so I bought some today and then I also bought the stuff to make it at home for this week.
So, are we having it again?
I don't know.
Alright.
Well, it's a little bit of a weird show tonight.
Not joining us tonight is Dark Sakura or Jamie Summers.
She has the night off.
She is attending San Francisco Pride.
As she's mentioned on the show before, she's a member of the Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence and this is a big, big weekend for the sisters, certainly in Northern California as well as other places.
So, there was a lot of Pride celebrations around the world this weekend.
So, I know I said it at the beginning of the month, but you know what?
I'll say it one more time here.
At the end of the month, these things are winding down with the celebrations.
Happy Pride to everybody out there.
And yeah, you know, it's one of those things that hopefully doesn't go away once June is over.
But I think we've made a lot of wonderful, wonderful progress in the past 50 years since Stonewall, but there's still so much further to go.
I'm going to try not to soapbox too much tonight because I know we want to get into video games, but that is certainly on my mind a lot.
So, Dark Sakura will be joining us again next week.
And Jason, you may have noticed, was absent from the intro.
So, you've got a very rare, I can't, it's been years since we've had one of these intros because, and I'll tell you why I didn't do it either.
So, Jason, he was at the Summer Games down quick.
Yeah.
So, he was, he's traveling today because that just wrapped up.
So, he's, we will talk about that later in the show.
I know many of you were watching and I do have a spot to talk about later in the show, don't worry.
And Jason's traveling, so he was unable to do, he kind of was at a spot.
He thought he might be at a spot where he kind of like pull over, record it, but he kind of couldn't do it because I got him the stuff late because,
and I couldn't do it because I was out of town last night. I went to a concert.
So, I went to see Carly Slay Jepsen, who I think a lot of people probably, I don't know, some people know, some people don't.
But Carly Rae Jepsen is, I think she got big through Canadian Idol.
I don't know if I want to say she's like the Kelly Clarkson of Canada because I'm opening myself up to Well Actuallys.
But she's had a pretty good career ever since she did Canadian Idol. Her biggest hit was Call Me Maybe.
That song got memed to hell, right? Everybody had that whole thing.
But the thing, the gag is, if you actually listen to some of her later stuff, like some of her other albums like Emotion and stuff,
like for me, like there's some really like solid like pop like anthems on there. It's really like infectious.
Like it's just kind of like, oh. So, it was good. It was like a late birthday present because my birthday obviously was this past week.
Allen's is coming up. So, we splurged. We did VIP. We got to do the meet and greet.
So, she was really sweet and all that. It was great. She complimented my shirt.
Not this one, obviously, but I was wearing one with cats on it. So, she thought it was cool.
So, yeah, that was my little Carly Rae story. So, but that was in Reno.
So, we drove up to Reno to do that. We could have gone to San Francisco, but I figured with pride in San Francisco this weekend,
that means traffic. That means impossible to park. Whereas, I'm thinking in Reno, I'm like all the casinos have free parking
because they want you to go there. And sure enough, it was easy peasy going to Reno.
So, in the theater, they did it out there as brand new. So, long story short, I was in Reno up until like a few hours ago.
We got back from Reno. So, I had to kind of abbreviate my show prep tonight.
So, speaking of concerts, Bobby Blackwolf, who's usually on before us at the Voice Geeks Network at vognetwork.com
because we do tape every night. No, we do not tape every night. We'd be tired.
We do tape every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show usually.
But he is off this week because he is at a Weird Al Yankovic concert.
So, I have Carly Rae Jefferson. He has Weird Al Yankovic. But I think Weird Al is really cool.
And honestly, a worthy reason to miss the show for a night. He's earned a night off.
So, that's where he's at tonight. So, he didn't have a show tonight. So, yeah, it's like a weird night all over the place.
Like three people usually involved with Sunday nights are gone MIA. I almost kind of decided to call off the show tonight.
But you know I don't like missing a lot of shows. I feel like there's enough for us to talk about with you guys in our chatroom
over at twitch.tv slash vog network.
Dartutuja says, it didn't seem like there was too much news anyway, at least outside the GDQ stuff.
Yeah, it does seem like things are really quiet this week. And I don't know if that's still kind of like the post E3 kind of slumber or what's going on there.
I think it's post E3 because we're just a few weeks away from what was it?
Gamescom, which is another like big announcement space. So, you know, I don't want to like announce too much stuff in between then
because then when are you going to announce it? Gamescom.
Plus a lot of stuff has just like come out. You know, now we're kind of getting into that summer release window
because you know the schools everywhere I'm from, it's a good time to release games.
But it's actually really light usually.
I feel like I'm so behind right now. Like I have not played nearly as many games as I should be.
And I'll get into why that is a little later. But I know Bloodstained came out and I need to get on that, that's for sure.
I have my Switch version, although I've heard there's some issues. We'll talk about that later in the show.
Mario Maker 2 for sure.
I did pick that up. I haven't played it. My kids played it.
Tell us more later during the game week.
And then what else? There's another one that came out.
Oh, Final Fantasy XIV's expansion, which I suppose will lead us into tonight's kickoff topic.
So Final Fantasy XIV's expansion released this week.
So Shadowbringers is the brand new expansion and it launched.
I guess the early access happened on Friday and technically the game's actual launch is Tuesday.
But for most MMO players, I'm pretty sure the Final Fantasy XIV fans, a big majority of them preordered Shadowbringers.
Just because they know they're going to buy it anyway is where I'm at.
And so you have that three or four day early access into Shadowbringers.
So it's been up since Friday. It sounds like it hasn't had quite the chaotic issues that some of the other launches had for Final Fantasy XIV.
So that's been a good thing. Like there was not errors where people were trying to get into a cutscene and they couldn't.
Because that was a big thing that happened with Stormblood.
It does sound like the servers got DDoSed at one point, or at least that's what Square Enix claims happens.
So there was some problems there. Some big login queues.
But, you know, kind of, I guess par for the course with MMO launches.
I suppose as far as most MMO launches go, it could have been a lot worse.
And then, and we'll get into more on Final Fantasy XIV here in a minute.
But speaking of the game releases, the Harry Potter game a lot of people are still talking about.
I know we went into that in depth last week and I don't want to rehash too much.
But I know a lot of people are still, you know, out there finding the foundables.
Finding the findables.
And some of my friends in Reno that I hung out with this weekend.
So the other reason why it was nice to go to Reno is because I have friends up there that I don't get to see as often as maybe the ones in San Francisco.
So I went up to Reno and one of my friends there was like, oh yeah, I'm playing that Harry Potter game. I love it.
And I mentioned that I played Ingress and I was like, you have like a little picnic area like right by where you live that probably would be in Ingress.
Do you want me to submit that so you have like a Harry Potter thing by your house?
He's like, oh my gosh, yes, would you? So I did. I sent it.
So we'll see if it goes, fingers crossed, if it goes through or not.
But yeah, he's all into the Harry Potter game, which is interesting because I thought most people were kind of just detouring from Pokemon Go for that.
But I don't know, maybe Harry Potter has its own audience. I'm not sure.
Probably. There's still a lot of crossover, I would think.
Harry Potter had a big event on Saturday though, but so did Pokemon Go.
So Harry Potter had an event in the morning.
Like, I don't think, I don't know if I would call it their version of a community day, but they did a little thing for a few hours where it was like increased spawns and all this stuff.
And then Pokemon Go had their Raikou raids because we could see them go.
We were like at the casino, like waiting to get into the VIP thing for Carly Rae.
And we could see like, you could see the gyms like on the outside of the casino, but they were nowhere near us.
And we're like, well, guess we're missing Raikou day.
But it sounds like a lot more people were getting shinies, like they increased the percentage.
I know I was keeping an eye on our Discord at vognetwork.com slash Discord.
We actually have a Pokemon Go channel because enough of you play it.
And I was like, a lot of people were saying they've got multiple shinies on the Raikou days. That's cool.
I just feel like I feel like I'm getting that point where I'm like, oh, I'm slipping on Pokemon Go and I'm falling behind.
And I don't know if it's like, am I going to allow myself to just completely fall off the wagon or what's going to happen?
And the fact that Harry Potter is like the new kid on the block doesn't help that situation.
I don't know.
ActDeftInChat says, a friend in our group didn't get a shiny though.
Well, but isn't that why the rest of you get three and four shinies?
Like, so you can trade?
I mean, maybe not right away, maybe the next, because what?
They're going to do one for the fire guy and the ice guy, right?
I know you have to meet certain criteria, but they're going to do it.
You know, they're going to do it.
They'll find a way to do it.
So then the concept is, I guess, if you don't get any of the fire guy, but then your friend gets three of those, you trade.
That's what Pokemon is all about, right?
Yeah.
Hopefully someone will take pity on me and trade a Riku to me at some point.
I'm not, I'm getting to the point where I'm not that torn up about it.
I'm like, Oh, damn, I missed it.
Those shinies are just taking up my inventory space anyway.
All right.
Anyway.
Well, you can get your shinies for the Lowens right now, can't you?
Yeah.
That's the whole thing going on too.
Anyway, it was supposed to be a kickoff about Final Fantasy 14, but it turned into multiplayer game discussion across the board.
So it's, I mean, in a way it is a busy summer.
These are things that people are doing this summer and maybe why the news is not so like, you know, huge headlines, you know, things we have to urgently talk about.
But we have a few stories this week about, um, games going to TV.
So do you want to take this or you want me to do it?
We can talk about it.
So Sony announced that they're going to be bringing Final Fantasy 14 to TV as like a Final Fantasy TV series.
That's kind of unexpected.
Yeah.
Like I'm, I'm really pleasantly surprised about this.
I'm curious to see what it's like, but, um, I definitely wasn't expecting them to do that.
So it's going to be, I guess, a collaboration between Sony Pictures Television and Hive Mind Entertainment, which has done, or is going to be doing the adaptation of The Witcher.
And I guess there's a show called The Expanse on Amazon that they also helm as well.
Oh, that show.
There's a lot of nerdy geeky fans of that show.
I see a lot of it on Twitter.
Um, don't they have nudity on that show in The Expanse or am I confusing them with another show?
Somebody in chat knows.
Fess up.
It's going to be so much shipping on the Final Fantasy show.
I know.
I'm like, you can do anything we want.
It's Netflix.
Well, I don't even know if it's going to be on Netflix.
It didn't say what platform they're playing.
I might be confusing them with another sci-fi show.
Uh, but, you know.
Are we going to get outed as a total perv?
Uh, yeah, no real word other than, you know, what it's, it's going to be a struggle between magic and technology.
All the games, basically.
Uh, to bring peace to a landing conflict.
All of the games.
It's basically like all of the games.
Um, Tiger Claw in our chat says a live action series to be exact, and I think that is an important thing to note.
That is not CGI or cartoon or something.
That is a live action series.
Um, and a lot of people talking about, oh, they've kind of done one already with the Dad of Light series that is on, um, Netflix.
But in that show, and disclaimer, I haven't watched it, but, you know, just kind of been following what it was all about and the stories on that and the people that have seen it.
My understanding is that Final Fantasy XIV is a little bit more of a plot device where the show is really about this father and son relationship.
But the game is something that they kind of use to understand their own relationship.
Whereas this is different because this is the game as a show.
This is not a plot device for something else.
And it's great because then maybe I'll understand what's going on with Final Fantasy XIV and then I can play the game, right?
Is that, that's the goal.
Okay, so we obviously have two very different kind of, you know, between you and I tonight.
I play a lot of Final Fantasy XIV.
I played shitty 1.0.
I've played since the alpha of Realm Reborn and so forth.
And I've continued to play the game and I really enjoy it.
Um, you played very little of the beta.
Yeah, you played very little of the beta because you were a big fan of XI.
But you were like, no more monthly fee games pretty much, right?
Yeah, I can't really do that because it's just, I don't play enough.
And I think there's a lot of people in your boat where like people are like, I would play Final Fantasy XIV if I didn't have to pay every month to play it.
I think there's a lot of people in that boat.
Um, but I can tell you as somebody who does play the game and I kind of justify the monthly fee.
Although I realize it's feeling a little more dated as, you know, we have so much more like free to play stuff with it's powered by, you know, cosmetic items and things like that.
But I kind of justify the monthly expense because I feel like they've been really good about regularly patching the content like every few months.
It's like you get this new DLC if you want to say it that way.
They call it patches in the MMO world, especially new dungeons, new things to explore, new parts of the story.
So it's like they're doing DLC every few months.
And so I go, okay, well, it's expensive DLC, but I'm kind of paying for that.
And just the fact that, you know, it isn't always online game.
But to that effect though, so are a lot of these other games as service games like Destiny 2 and stuff like that are doing regular content updates as well.
So it's like it's not really exclusive to them.
I would also just rather pay the honest, you know, twelve ninety five or whatever.
I'm actually paying quarterly, so I don't even know how much I pay, but whatever it is a monthly.
I would rather pay that honest fee up front than like get fucked over by loot boxes like the last Star Wars battle.
So, yeah, I would rather it just be an honest like this is how much we want to charge.
See, if it was an EA game, they'd be charging at twelve ninety five a month.
Plus the loot boxes as well in there.
Black Mama 1977 in our chat with a sad but important point that they never finished out of light because the dad in the show passed away.
And, you know, so, you know, that show can't really continue.
You know, I highly doubt they're going to continue it with a different actor or anything.
So it's time to go somewhere else with Final Fantasy 14.
But again, you know, this is going to be something that's actually set in the universe.
And so but it is not an adaptation of the story in game right now, is my understanding.
It's going to be in the universe, but it's going to be like a different story.
And I don't know if it's like prequel or any of that.
I don't know if they're saying a lot about that.
Act deft and chat over Twitch TV slash Vogue Network is very excited about live action chocobos.
So I know that's that's a thing that people be looking for.
Well, it's all going to be like CG stuff.
I mean, they're going to. Sure.
We have like the computer anime movie that they did for 13 not too long goes.
Oh, no, 15, not 13, 15.
So, yeah, the CGI technology is there to have real people writing, you know, the fake chocobos.
They're not going to do it all the time.
It's going to be one of those like big moments in the show.
And then they're not going to have people writing chocobos like all the time.
I doubt we'll see. I don't know.
I'd be curious to see what service this is going to be on.
Oh, if you think it's going to end up being a Netflix thing or heaven forbid, is Sony going to launch their own service?
Well, they have crackle, right? Or whatever it is they have.
Well, not as a crackle, but they have like they're they've tried to do TV shows on the PlayStation stuff before.
Remember, there's the whole that was it the tester was that was called or I don't I can't see this being a PlayStation Network exclusive.
It's just not going to get enough eyes unless.
OK, y'all y'all want a tinfoil hat.
What if they're doing something with PlayStation five where they're going to as much as the whole like TV, TV, TV, sports, sports, TV, TV.
And look how well that worked for Microsoft.
But what if they're kind of planning to do something on PlayStation five?
Where maybe this will be one of the offerings that they put out there, like if you get a PlayStation five, you have access to Sony TV.
That's going to have these other shows like now a PlayStation plus included with your plus membership.
And then my reaction will be, oh, no, I can only watch it if I buy a PlayStation five, except the Internet exists, and therefore I will pirate it.
Or like what's happening to Star Trek Discovery in other countries.
It's on Netflix, so they don't have to worry about the whole CBS all access thing like we do here in the States.
The second season, which I haven't finished, but the second season is like apparently like if you thought the first season was not Star Trek enough, the second season will address your concerns.
That's what I'm told without sounding.
I don't know. I've seen some clips that look pretty cringy.
OK, but you can go back to old Star Trek and there's a lot of clips that look really cringy.
Yeah, but there's different there's different cringe.
There's cringe like, you know, it's old and that's kind of how we did things and stuff.
Then there's cringe like where we're taking CSI type, you know, technobabble and throwing it into Star Trek.
And it's just weird.
It's always the starboard power coupling. Am I right, guys?
I read that show. All right.
Some other comments from chat pod culture reminding us Powers was the other show on PlayStation.
That was the year I was at Sony's press conference, the year they unveiled that.
I should know that better.
That's right. Yeah, I didn't care about that.
Yeah, I think a lot of people forgot about that.
Oops. Let's see.
Also, Tiger Claw talking about the Final Fantasy 14 show in our chat saying, I'm curious about the production value.
It's going to be live action, but there will be CGI in it for sure.
Well, you know, I think, you know, like what they did in 1993 or four,
whatever it was with Jurassic Park is much easier to do for a lot of people now.
I mean, the best example I could say is like, look at those Sharknado movies.
OK, those Sharknado movies are extremely low budget, right?
Yet they do CGI effects.
Well, OK, let's not say it's going to be that bad CGI.
They could do it.
There's I think now it's easier to do a lot of that stuff and you can make the effects look better,
but you can't also rely heavily on it.
You have to have good writing as well.
So I think that we're probably in for a pretty decent show and it's a pretty exciting.
We've got this The Witcher. There's that Rainbow or was it a Ghost Recon
or Rainbow Six show that was supposed to be coming out or something like that.
Oh, yeah. Tom Clancy.
Yeah. I mean, it's pretty exciting.
They were getting all these like video game properties.
Not Sonic, but all the other stuff is very exciting.
I mean, we just had like Detective Pikachu and that was an amazing show.
I will still watch Sonic, but my bar is really low.
Have you ever seen that meme that's like the nine squares?
Yes.
And it goes like, thank you for.
So I feel like you're setting up.
That's exactly what I was thinking.
Where it's like Final Fantasy 14.
Thank and then like maybe the new Tomb Raider movie you for bringing video games in that center square.
Not you with the Sonic.
You guys know that meme I'm talking about.
Yes, I know.
I know exactly what you mean.
And that's exactly what I was thinking.
Not you.
Yeah, pretty much.
It'll you know what?
I will enjoy it for what it is.
I'm sure it's going to be absolute garbage.
And I love I can't wait.
They pushed it back.
It's going to be tweaked.
Let's give it a let's give it.
I want it to be absolute garbage.
It needs to be absolute garbage because that's going to make it super entertaining.
All right. Anyway, a few more notes of Final Fantasy 14.
Then we'll move on.
I do think that, you know, I completely respect why people don't want to pay the monthly fee to play Final Fantasy 14.
Especially if they don't have as many hours in the day to be able to play the game.
So they feel like I'm wasting my money because it's maybe something I'm only going to be able to play on the weekend or something.
But I will say this.
The story in Final Fantasy 14 is really good.
I to be fair, I don't think it really gets really good until you kind of get up to like the end of Realm Reborn.
Because I do feel like the game kind of has to get through like the leveling process where you get to level 50 and like a lot of tutorial and set up and, you know, learning about this mechanic and that mechanic.
And so it does feel like you're doing a lot of fetch quests and stuff.
But once you start to get into the part after they had to fix what was broken and get into our new shit.
And they did that with the end of Realm Reborn and they especially did that with Heaven's Word and Stormblood.
And I'm assuming this new one. I haven't played enough, you know, if the story is phenomenal yet.
But, you know, Heaven's Word and Stormblood are excellent stories.
Like honestly, in my opinion, some may disagree and I've said this before.
Heaven's Word and Stormblood are some of the strongest Final Fantasy stories in the entire series.
And hardly any of you know it because that monthly fee holds you back.
Which again, I completely understand.
And I know it's unreasonable because I pay like small monthly fees for a whole bunch of shit.
And so it's like, what's one more thing?
I mean, it's just, I don't want to feel tied down to playing one game all the time when I don't have enough time to play all of the games that I have in my backlog.
So it's like, you know, I would feel obligated to play that one game so much.
Now, SSTO 100 Matt in chat says,
It's truly an amazing, I'm assuming an amazing accomplishment, that a game that needed to completely wipe and reset after a bad initial release was able to come back from it to become a fantastic game that is now being considered for a live action series.
Speaks to how much of an amazing comeback story this has been.
Oh, absolutely. And the comeback kid is like this new thing in video games, right?
You know, between this and Diablo 3 and Destiny to some extent.
And I think what EA would really wish would happen to Anthem, but, you know, they're going to need to back it up a little bit, but we'll see.
Here's the problem, EA. You're EA.
Oh, No Man's Sky. Thank you, Dr. Seeya. Excellent, excellent example.
And also, EA, you have to make the game good in order for it to, you know, be worthy of stuff.
Well, no. I mean, they'll have to eventually, but it doesn't have to be good now.
I know that sounds crazy, but look at Final Fantasy XIV 1.0. It wasn't good.
Like, there's just no other nice way for me to say it. Final Fantasy XIV 1.0 wasn't good, and now it's great.
So, I mean, they can hopefully fix some of those issues, but is EA willing to put in the time and effort? History has shown, no, they're not going to.
They will shut down BioWare before they do that.
If they're going to change their tune, great. Let's see them do it. You know what I mean?
So, anyway. Alright, so Final Fantasy XIV series, I am, like, super looking forward to it as a fan of Final Fantasy.
I'll be very curious to hear more about, like, who's writing, directing the specific episodes, and who's starring, you know?
Are they going to get, like, big talent in this? Or is it going to be, like, you know, unknowns and hoping that the final...
Which is fine, you know, unknowns. There's, you know, maybe they're unknowns, but then they get discovered.
But I'll be very curious if they lure, like, some big names to this. This will be very interesting, huh?
Keanu Reeves is Sid.
Keanu Reeves is Sid. Who knows? Anything's possible. So, alright, anyway.
Let's move on, and Nifty805 says they should put Michelle Yeoh in it.
She's cool. There's a lot of people they could put in it, and I would be, like, super happy.
So it's one of those things where, just, let's get some more details.
But I wouldn't expect we're going to see a frame from this thing until 2021.
Right? How long ago did we hear about The Witcher? It was a while ago.
I think it was last year, I think.
And it's still not out. And we've only seen, what, like...
I think it's supposed to be out this year, though.
Is it later this year?
I think so.
Okay, well then maybe we'll see something fall next year. It just depends.
But I would expect we don't see a frame until 2021. But we'll see.
Anyway, let's move on to, how was your gaming week?
And the types of video games that you've been playing this week.
And I'm laughing a little bit because I know we do a video game podcast.
But we try to play as many games as we can in our spare time.
I don't know if we have a lot this week.
Loki, what are you up to this week?
I'm sorry, I'm bad. I've had a stressful week. It's getting better.
So I'm hoping to play more games next week.
I did play a little bit of Pokemon Go this week while I was out doing things.
And that was pretty much it, unfortunately.
Most of the time has been spent watching Awesome Games Done Quicks.
Or Summer Games Done Quick, I should say.
To be fair, I bet a lot of people would say that.
I didn't game myself this week because I was watching SGDQ.
Because it's a big thing in the gaming community.
I mean, I picked up some games.
I bought Mario Maker 2 because my kids wanted to play it.
You said they played it and you watched it a little bit, right?
They said that they were bored with it.
Or they're not bored with it.
But they said it's not as good as the first one.
But I don't know. They don't know what the hell they're talking about.
They're kids!
I take that back. I did play a tiny little bit of Mario and the Rabbids Kingdom Battle.
Because my son wanted me to beat a level for him.
And so I had to do that a little bit.
I still haven't played through that game. I probably should.
And then...
What else? Oh, I picked up Moshpit Simulator on PC for VR.
Because my son wanted that as well.
And also that looks like stupid.
And I kind of want to play it as well.
I've been looking through the Steam sales stuff to see if there's anything I want to pick up.
There hasn't been a whole lot of things that I...
I put a few things in my cart and I'm like,
I'm not going to play that. What am I buying?
Or what am I even trying to buy that for?
Just Cause 4. I'm not playing that.
I haven't played through Just Cause 3. What am I going to pick that up for?
So, you know, stuff like that.
So I've been just kind of holding myself back from purchasing things.
Worked on my game a little bit for a couple hours the other day.
So he did that.
Son finally graduated to Yellowbelt in his coding stuff.
So now he's going to be doing JavaScript.
So that's pretty cool. Outside of just, like, Scratch.
So he's got that for a couple more belts.
And yeah.
And I've been just doing my stuff.
I keep getting questions, though, from their...
They call them their senseis or whatever.
The kids that teach them, help them with stuff.
About, like, so you can put your game on Steam.
What's it called?
So I'm like, dude, it's still in the prototype phase.
We're not even talking about platforms and shit until I get something that resembles a game.
But it's getting more and more like a game every day.
Nice. Alright. Anything else?
That's it.
So my gaming week was pretty sad this week.
I meant to pick up Mario Maker, but I got so sidetracked.
So I had a big personal issue that came up this week that really took my attention.
And it was, like, extremely stressful.
And yeah, so I'm not going to get into details.
It's not worth going over on a video game podcast.
But just needless to say, my attention was completely diverted with that for a couple of nights this week.
And some of the time I would have been playing video games.
But when I wasn't, like, with that situation or with work or something,
another thing that's been taking up quite a bit of my time is, and I don't know, Loki, you might laugh or whatever,
but I signed up to play another one of those online reality games.
I'm playing another survivor-y type of game online.
So in fact, the guys running it were kind of like, you didn't say anything on your podcast last week.
So I'll say something this week. And I'm even doing it for free.
So I'm playing a game called Power ORG because ORG is what they call a lot of these things.
So ORG is online reality game.
So it's like a survivor-y type of clone.
I played one of these about a year ago, like another big one.
And so I've talked about this a little bit on the show before.
But basically, it's pretty elaborate.
Like, there's people that work on putting it together and having like a legit…
So obviously you're not stranded on a desert island.
You're trying to live your freaking life, right?
But when I come home from work, it's like there might be a challenge that we have to look at tonight.
Or there might be a tribal council coming up.
So you've got to try to chat with people or talk with people or whatever to try to make sure that it's not going to be you that gets voted out and that whole thing.
But you guys know that I've been listening to show for a long time.
I've always kind of had a soft spot for those type of games.
Well, here's the thing. I've loved game shows all the time since I was a kid, right?
I grew up on the match game, right? And that type of stuff.
And pressure lock and all that shit, right?
So when it kind of got fused with reality TV, when Survivor first started, what?
It's going to be like 20 years ago, right?
Yeah.
I kind of was really into that now.
It's interesting because I don't watch the TV shows as much now.
But it doesn't mean I don't think the game is kind of fun. It's kind of neat.
But I always forget what a time sink it can be until I kind of get into it.
And part of the reason I agreed to do it is because I'd been asked to do some other games.
I had to keep saying no because I knew I'd be gone for a week.
I'm going to Chicago for a week and it's in the middle of the game. I can't do it.
I'm going to a convention. I'm going to Dragon Con. I'm going to whatever.
And if you agree to do this, you want to realistically know that you're going to have six weeks
where you can kind of actually be there to play the game.
But a nice little time period here kind of worked out where it's the end of June.
And this is, I think, supposed to go through mid-August.
So it's right up against then Dragon Con so it won't get in the way.
So I was like, okay, the timing works out.
I know some of the people that are putting it together.
I'd met through the community so I'm like, what the hell? I'll do it.
And then I'm like, oh, shit, now I haven't played any video games this week because of it.
Kudos to the ORG community in general that's very passionate and stuff about it.
It's pretty impressive.
They actually did a little, oh, I should have pulled it and showed it on the show.
You guys would have cracked up.
They actually did a little fakey-fake introduction that looks like the show.
So we had to go out and shoot ourselves doing something in nature.
And then a little turn and face the camera type of shot where it's like, face the camera, that type of thing.
Like they kind of do on the show.
Although mine's a little more serious than that.
But then a guy actually put it all together and put a little theme music and it's super cute.
So it's amazing what fans can do, don't you think?
Yeah.
That's right.
And now it's going to take something like that being put on Twitch on a regular basis.
Oh, I'm sure it's been on Twitch somewhere.
People stream themselves playing like Werewolf and Mafia and that kind of stuff.
These things are just like the next step past that.
So like an underground survivor type show.
Several people I've met doing these things have done a thing called Sequester, which is like a YouTube show.
And I think that's another big thing.
Like fan shows, I know there's a big one, Survivor Maryland, Survivor Boston.
And so they do like a lot of college campuses have like a Survivor Club or something like that.
And they do like a fakey-fake version of the show and they put it on YouTube.
And I guess for whatever reason, the production company behind Survivor is cool with it because I've never seen them try to shut that type of stuff down.
But I mean, it's kind of free advertising for the brand.
That show's been on for 20 years.
I don't think they were like, well, people want to watch the Survivor Philadelphia version more than like whatever.
OK, so I'm getting questions in chat about this.
So S2100 Matt says, is Rob the character that isn't there to make friends and will do what he wants?
Well, now I can't give away my strategy on air because I don't know who's watching.
But no, I I wouldn't play the games if I didn't genuinely enjoy meeting the people.
And I like the last game I played, I met somebody that lived here in the same town that I do.
And we actually like we hang out once a month, like we're legit like friends.
So he lasted a lot longer in the game than I did. But like we're legit friends. We hang out.
I actually want to do an episode of OLR one night where we bring some of those guys, because there's a few of them that live here, bring some of them over.
And we have like an ORG night on the show, kind of like we did the Ingers night a few months ago.
That's ORG, not ORG.
ORG. I'm not violating the online reality game. ORG. I'm not violating the Twitch terms of service by having an ORG.
OK, it's different. All right. Anyway, what was the other question I saw in chat here?
Oh, Nifty 105 says, Rob Roberts is not the silky. He's probably more like the Ben De La Creme.
Those are Drag Race references. Let's see. I don't know what what. Oh, you know.
Now, here's the here's the here's the real tea. You ready? I'm the Charlie Hides.
Because I'm like the only one that's like 40, like a lot of them to play are like mid 20s, late 20s, maybe a few early 30s.
Like one of the people I met here in town is like maybe 33, I think. So, yeah, no, I'm definitely like that.
And yeah, I'm very much the how do you do fellow kids like that's yeah.
But that's because I started this whole thing years ago on LiveJournal when I was 28.
They were doing these things back on LiveJournal then, too.
And then it was one of my friends from back in those days that was like, did you know these are still going on?
But they all play on Skype now and not AOL. It's a messenger. I'm like, what? Tell me more.
And then, yeah, I played one. I was like, OK, this is fun. It's really stressful, but it's fun.
So, cool. There you go. All right. I spent way too much time on that topic, except for maybe the couple of people from that community that will be listening to this who will probably get a kick out of that.
So there you go. You can you can look it up on Facebook. There's your free promo for Power Orgy, not Power Orgy, or you're going to get something completely different.
Just a warning. All right. So that's it for our gaming leaks.
Yeah, it's still it's still a game. What I'm doing, it's just not a video game.
Yeah, it's a different type of game. So it's it's fucking LARPing is what it is.
It's it's fucking LARPing. It is. It's more respectable LARPing, I guess.
Oh, why? Thank you. It's LARPing without the effort.
It's LARPing, except you are kind of being yourself unless you want to be a character, I guess. I don't know. Anyway.
S.J. 100 Matt says it's LARPing without yelling out spells. I had some of the challenges.
I don't know. I don't know. All right. Let's move on. New topic. All right.
Let's get into some gaming news and some things that have been going on around the video game world this week.
Loki, start us off. They got LARPing and ingress, isn't a thing? I don't know.
I don't know. So anyways, there's yeah, there's a steam sale going on in case you weren't aware.
And Valve has been doing this thing where they have it's kind of like a racing theme.
So they've got five teams that you can pick to join and basing based on certain challenges,
you purchasing games and I think doing other things, it helps boost your team ahead and and everybody's team corgi.
So it doesn't matter anyways. You just pick team corgi and then you might win something.
Basically, I think every day or every so often they will see who's going to win.
And based on that, some people might win their top wish list game.
But there was some confusion what you had to do to actually be able to win some stuff.
So what people have done is they've thought that they had to remove games from their wish list in order to boost the chance that they're going to win the one that they want.
And that's unfortunately caused some issues where that they have removed like some people that had indie games out there.
They're like, we saw a huge drop in all the people that had our game on their wish list because we were a five dollar indie game.
Yeah. So, you know, unfortunately, that was kind of one of the things.
Also, there has been I guess in this one, though, you can't actually get like trading cards.
It's just earning different things from this whole event. I stopped caring about that stuff a long time ago.
I just been looking at some of the stuff that's on sale, which is a few things I want.
Definitely not as like deep cuts in.
And also now that the sales are kind of the same, I think every single day, as far as I'm aware, it's less of that coming back to like, oh, what's on sale today or what's on sale right now?
You know, these flash sales and stuff like that. Oh, a better wait.
And, you know, that was more interesting and more traffic to the site, I think.
But now it's just kind of. I don't know.
So like they were saying, here's some of the quotes we had from different developers.
So they were saying that Yitz, who is, I guess, a developer of a game called Neffing and the Dark or to the Dark Tower,
basically saying that most indies who we're talking to at least are losing more money from the Steam's or Steam's cut than from taking in from visibility.
I and many other devs are currently losing money from being hosted on Steam.
And of course, Valve is apologizing, saying we designed something pretty complicated, a whole bunch of numbers and rules and recognize we should have been more clear.
We want to apologize for the confusion that this has caused and apologize for the broken mechanics that have led to unbalanced event.
So the TLDR of that is be Team Corgi because you're going to win every time.
Yeah, I as somebody told me about that and said, just go pick Corgi.
So I logged in and did that. But then it was like, oh, you got to play these games to get the achievement and all this stuff.
And I'm like, I'd love to do this. But, you know, the other thing I signed up for going on.
And even when I'm not doing that, I didn't even talk about during my gaming week. So I guess I'll just sneak it in here.
I did touch that Final Fantasy 14 expansion, at least for a few hours.
And so I haven't gotten enough into the story, but I will say it's fucking gorgeous.
Like the whole concept of it to start is that you go into this. I don't want to call it the upside down because that's like you.
Dynamics.
It would make you think, well, it's like you go to like an alternate reality of the world.
They call it the first. But you go to like an alternate reality world where like you end up there in the first guy you meet.
It's like super bright out. And he goes, what are you doing here this time of night?
Even though it's like super bright out. And so you kind of get the sense that like things are off.
And in this world, light has ruined things. So that's kind of like the whole setup.
So the world looks very different and it's gorgeous. So, yeah, I played that for a few hours.
I ran a dungeon that was nothing but dancers and gun breakers and me, the astrologian, because I was trying to get a feel for my job.
And they made healing a lot harder. Boy, because they've shuffled all the skills and all this stuff.
So it was fun. But it's just like, oh, I got to reorient and like remember things.
I'm sure there's going to be some balancing patches. I'm sure of it. But I enjoyed what I played a FOM SE 14 so far.
Cool.
So, yeah, there's that anyway. So that's part of the reason why I didn't do the achievements in the steam sale and all that other stuff.
But I will point out the number one thing on my steam wish list is like a one hundred dollar game development program.
Would I actually win that if I won something on steam or are they going to say like a maximum is 60 bucks and something else?
I'm not going to win anything because there's so many millions of people on steam.
It just doesn't. Who cares? Oh, no, I won't get a free game that will go into my library.
That will never play. Oh, geez. Oh, darn.
Why we are in our chat says, yeah, I won't have much time to play during the steam sale either.
I don't even have enough time to put together a 10 anniversary video last week because why we are developed games and has a few over the past 10 years from video clips and voiceovers that I already had recorded.
Well, yeah. You know, life happens, right? Day jobs get in the way. That's what happens. Yeah. So anyhow.
Yeah. So if you haven't already gone in on the steam sale, you might want to just check your wish list because maybe there's something on there you want to get when it's on sale.
And, you know, go go check out the race thing, even though it's a really weird mechanic.
Like if you wanted me to explain how that race works, I really can't. Yeah.
Can anyone in chat like summarize how does the race thing even work? Is it just like the more achievements your team unlocks, the further you go in the race?
I think it's also like you buy stuff and you get points, which is weird because I bought stuff, but I couldn't apply points to anything.
So I guess my purchase didn't count. Not that I care, but I know.
Yeah, I did notice like all the things that were like spending points on like a lot of it was like themes and mode icons and that type of stuff that you'd usually get from the trading cards.
So, yeah. And I was like, OK, it's not the end of the world. I didn't even know what like I was just looking at some different things that are in there.
And I don't know. I'll probably I'm looking for like some cheap VR games, you know, so that that was kind of one thing.
And then there's just some stuff that I've had on my wish list for a while that I was looking at.
I thought about just cause for but like I seriously I have just caused three on PlayStation four.
I've not played that game. And four I hear is not that great anyways.
Oh, how much is six down to. That's a that's a great game there.
Oh, twenty nine ninety nine. That's twenty five percent. That's the DLC only gathering storm.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. You pick that up actually. So maybe I'll do it. I know it's guys half off blood scenes. Ten percent.
I know why we are is explaining a little better what the sales all about.
Chat say you can buy stuff to increase the max number of points you can earn to actually earn the points.
You complete the quest and or unlock achievements in the steam games.
So I mean, what it is, you actually have to play games, Loki. No.
And then the team with the most points wins, a.k.a. corgi wins because everybody loves corgis.
I'm not even a dog person and I think corgis are so fucking cute.
Yeah. So I mean, it's the way it is. Let's see.
S.S.U. 100 Matt with an interesting perspective as well in our chat at Twitch TV slash Vogue Network says Prime Day is in a few weeks.
So I might just wait for that. That's true. There are other sales.
I am waiting for Prime Day because I have a thing I got from my job, which is it's like a gift card servicing.
So you can redeem it for any type of gift card or most different gift cards.
I usually put it towards Amazon. So it's like 100 bucks towards Amazon on Prime Day, which I don't know the hell I'd buy, though.
I bought a 4K TV last year. I bought a VR headset just recently.
I saw what the hell am I going to need? I still don't have a 4K TV.
Like I'm tempted, but at the same time, like we need to spend money on more important things and responsibility.
Like a few hundred bucks. I guess that's true. I'm tempted, but the longer you wait, the cheaper they get.
That's true. So maybe I'll maybe I'll wait for like the holiday sales. Maybe it'll make a little more sense.
Because if you don't need it right away, there's I have 4K on my computer.
So, you know, again, I do more kind of there. How about you buy a new graphics card for your computer then?
That's honestly I wouldn't mind if I can find a good deal on something.
Well, they have the new super the GTX super cards that are coming or RTX super cards,
which are they're like they're a new set of graphics cards, but they're also going to be dropping the price of their older ones as well.
So you might look into that. It's going to happen in a couple weeks.
Yeah. Is Bitcoin mining still a problem with availability of those?
I think it's kind of dipped down because the price of Bitcoin has gone down, although it is going back up.
So it's not as bad as it used to be. Gotcha. All right.
As Stu 100 Matt says, Shane will use his hero's power to talk Rob into something.
He's already tried along the lines of, are you really playing another online game?
Just quit that game and come play Final Fantasy 14. And I'm like, no, I have too much.
If I say I'm going to do something, I'm going to do it. So, you know, but we'll see.
Anyway, we'll see how long it lasts for me anyway.
Moving on. Let's talk about the Final Fantasy 7 remake.
Final Fantasy 7, of course, is getting remade. We all know that.
And the remake is coming out March 20th, 2020.
I forgot the exact day, but it's in March. Do you remember the day?
I don't remember. I forgot the day. Somebody in chat would yell it out.
But anyway, it's starting to sound more and more like this first part of the Final Fantasy 7 remake.
I mean, it's like this is almost becoming its own Final Fantasy game, which I think we kind of saw coming a little bit.
The specifics this week that's coming out is about Materia.
So Materia is getting an overhaul, which kind of makes sense when you consider the battle system is different in the game.
Materia can't really work the exact same way because it's a little more action-based.
And so maybe the Materia being used on the spells and stuff is not really going to be the same thing.
So Materia is going to get a little bit of an overhaul.
We're going to use the draw system for me instead.
No, no. You still are going to slot Materia in weapons and all that stuff.
But Materia shows up on your party members when you equip it.
But yeah, it's going to change a little bit, so don't be used to the exact same way it worked before.
But you're going to have to use the special in-game currency to purchase your Materia.
Don't put that shit in the universe. Do not put that shit in the universe.
It'll be coming in a loot box that you can get your Materia in.
Well, what I'm also kind of curious about is that if this is only like Episode 1 or whatever,
and it only goes through the Midgar part, are we still going to get, even though it's like a 60-hour game still,
are we going to get the stages of fire, fura, fire aga, like the full evolution of magic
that you would see in a normal Final Fantasy game?
Or because it's only the first part of the game, we're only ever going to have fire?
Maybe fura, but that's it. It's never going to go for the full stages.
Are we going to be still kind of limited? Like you're not going to see Ultima in the game?
Or Summons? I don't think Summons came up until after Midgar. I can't remember. It's been a while.
And Aerith is still going to be alive.
In this game, yes. Because in Final Fantasy VII, the original, she does not pass until later on.
She passes to the end of this one.
There's going to be people that are actually surprised by that course of events.
Well, and as you said on a previous episode of the show, maybe Square will change it. That would be the real gag.
Cloud dies! Oh my god!
They're clearly taking liberties with the story.
And this is more and more feeling like, I don't want to say Final Fantasy XVI,
but this is definitely like every resource that would have been Final Fantasy XVI.
This is Final Fantasy XVI in how it plays and how it looks.
And now some of the mechanics almost sounds like it's just that the story is a retread.
A little bit. It's so interesting. It's Star Wars Episode VII.
They've resurrected the cow. We're getting ghost milk out of the cow now.
And they're just going to keep milking that cow until forever.
Questbuster says, wait, Aerith will live in this iteration? Guess I won't have to worry about finding a new healer then.
Well, it's only through Midgar, so if you remember the story,
Aerith doesn't die until later on in the story, after they're out in the world map.
It's a little bit later on. She dies at the end of disc one.
Maybe. So in this, she's not going to, unless, again, who knows if they're going to change.
Maybe they'll go the Tomb Raider route and she can die in lots of horrible ways.
Oh, Dark Sakura would love that. Aerith's no good, terrible, very bad day.
Yes. Yes.
So, let's see.
Questbuster also points out Materia will have, in quotes, surprise mechanics.
Not the EA type of surprise mechanics, I think we're hoping.
So anyway, I'm still, I mean, the folks I know that did go to E3 said, like, it's fun.
Like Final Fantasy 7 is fun. So it's going to be interesting, especially for the people that don't care for Final Fantasy 7,
because maybe people have hyped it up in history too much.
It's going to be interesting to see maybe what that group feels about this remake, because I imagine, you know,
most people are going to try this, whether they love the story or they hate the story, just because it's so different.
You know, and maybe, and because they've apparently taken some liberties with the story,
and maybe they're going to, you know, take some different branching paths.
And it's been so long anyways, I really don't remember much of the story.
I know, I don't either. I'm sure you can go read about it on Wikipedia, read the cliff notes and all that,
or go watch Advent Children to remember a good chunk of it.
But you're right. It's been so long that I'll probably go play this remake and go like,
okay, I remember a lot of that, even though, like, it's all new.
So, Kaijuto in chat says, I don't get the Aerith hate. I love that character.
You know, honestly, Kaijuto, like when I first played for, wow, my computer is playing an ad over here.
That's crazy. Anyway, thankfully this doesn't, this audio doesn't go on the feed anymore.
So it's just, it just scares me.
But yeah, when I first played Final Fantasy 7, I liked Aerith and I, because she was like my White Mage, my healer, right?
So I used her in the party. And so like when she got offed, I was like, it really was a huge shock.
Wow. She got her level four limit break. That's so convenient.
Why hasn't anybody else gotten their level four? Oh.
Yeah. And I was like, oh, I never got her level four limit break, but I was like, well, this is fucking irritating.
I've been leveling her for what? Because I kept thinking she'd come back and I'm like, oh, I guess, no, she, she dead.
So that was like frustrating for me. So I don't know if it's Aerith so much that I hate.
I, I still resent to this day the time I invested in her for nothing. I think that's what it is.
YYR in chat says, I'm one of those people. I liked Final Fantasy 7's characters, but I found the story to be meh and the gameplay to be disappointing.
So I'd love to see some improvements though. I won't have time to play it anyway. We'll see.
Anyway, let's move on some more stories. Loki.
All right. So let's talk a little bit more about TV again and another show that's going to be coming out.
So this is more along the lines of that one that they were talking about during the Ubisoft press conference where it's about game developers,
except these are actually about real game developers and not just like some imaginary company.
So this is an adaptation of a book called Masters of Doom that talks a little bit about how John Romero and John Carmack came together to create, of course, Doom.
And so it's a series, I guess, that's being produced by James and Dave Franco.
And yeah, it looks like it's just going to be an adaptation about how they formed id Software and how they kind of made that genre popularize the first person shooter genre.
I'm pretty excited about it. Apparently, it's expected to air on USA in twenty nineteen.
So. Yeah, I'm down. That sounds like it's really interesting.
Yeah, a little more of the it's like Silicon Valley, Silicon Valley, as I say, it sounds a little more like it's like the behind the scenes.
So it's not really about the game. It's like they're making Doom a new TV show, which, you know, the movie was not great.
So good thing. But kind of like that development, which is it's it's neat because now we're really seeing like video games and the impact on culture, despite however you feel about the character, the particular people that are going to be portrayed or or this particular game.
It's really neat that like video game development is like a cultural thing that is worth representing in television and other art forms, if that makes sense.
Yeah, right. It looks cool. Yeah. So, yeah, I'll check it out. I'll watch the first episode, see what I think. Right. Yeah, I've watched that.
And I'm also very excited about that other show that unfortunately is going to be an Apple exclusive show that the one that's with the guys from It's Always Sunny doing that.
Oh, yeah. What is what what game? What is that one about? It's it's it's like a fake MMO type thing.
I don't remember what the show is actually called, but it's. I do want to check it out because of the folks in it, but.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, because. Well, and the always sunny in Philadelphia thing like that has to be ending soon. That's been on for what, like 12 years.
I'm sure they want to go their own separate ways soon. You know, it's been on for a long time, although.
Yeah, some of them have gone off to do other shows, but I know like one of them, like APA Bio, is being canceled. So it's like, OK, what are you going to be doing now?
Siya Tiberian Chat says, don't forget USA knows drama, characters welcome. Yeah, it is interesting. I mean, USA is, you know, kind of pumped up its drama stuff.
So it's an interesting place for it to land. I think there's a lot of us that are kind of like, OK, so it'll air on USA. But but which digital service is going to get it?
Yeah, I know. Right. I think it's where a lot of us are. You think we're going to end up kind of back where we were like 10 years ago, where everything gets pirated?
Like you say, like, it's unfortunate this thing is going to Apple or it's unfortunate this thing is going to this service where it's like, I'm not going to pay for 17 different services.
So it's like you think piracy, we're going to kind of end up right back there because these services will not work a little more collaboratively.
Yes. Yeah, I think that's exactly where we end up, which is fine with me.
Questbuster in chat says, I hope the series does the story justice. That's true. They might embellish some things. They might, you know, make up lies.
But that's that's what happens when stories get adapted for TV, I guess.
Metal Mayhem says, I've heard of that book thanks to Game Informer, but I never got it.
I did get the audiobook version of The Ultimate Guide to Video Games from Pong to Pokemon a while back through Humble Bundle.
So I guess audiobook is always a good way to listen to books, too, if you want to do that.
Yeah, I got that. I bought that one series. I don't remember which books were in that.
But for the record, this is like the one podcast that isn't sponsored by any sort of audiobook service. So I'm not pitching that.
No, there was one I got that was it wasn't that it was remember I showed you there was one about ZZT in there about the making of like ZZT.
But I don't remember what that one was. And they were a small like I wouldn't even necessarily call it a book.
I mean, it was a book, but it was really short. And I don't remember which Humble Bundle it was.
But I bought that one with the ZZT thing because.
Boss Fight Books says PixelBox.
There you go. Thank you. Yes.
Chatter is always there to save the day when we can't remember things.
When I'm too lazy to search it in Google or go into Humble Bundle and actually see what what it's called speaking, which I have to see what they have on there right now.
I'm compelled to buy things that I don't need. That's where I should spend my hundred dollars on this crap.
Ooh, programming.
Hi.
Anyways, moving on. Let's talk about Bloodstained and the Switch version.
So the Switch version of Bloodstained finally came out this week because it was delayed a week from the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One versions.
That's the version that I ended up getting through my Kickstarter.
But due to the things I talked about earlier, I just haven't gotten around to playing it yet.
But apparently the port is not quite performing on the same level as the other versions, which, you know, due to technical.
You know, what's inside a switch is not what's inside a PlayStation 4.
So you write a little bit of it at the same time.
If you're going to put the game on the switch, it needs to be able to perform at a respectable, comparable level just as far as the game goes.
And apparently it's having some problems.
I have not played it myself, so I don't feel comfortable saying it's doing X or Y or Z for me.
How would they even put that on the Wii U when that was originally the plan, was to put it on the Wii U?
I mean, I can't imagine that that would have been successful at all if they're having trouble on the Switch.
Yeah, I don't know. I think they changed. I'm sorry, I'm having a coughing fit, guys.
But anyways. Yeah, that's unfortunate. I do want to play it, though.
Yeah. Sorry, guys. Coughing fit's terrible when you're trying to do a show.
Anyway, I'm curious what you guys in chat, if any of you have played it on the Switch.
And do you guys think a lot of this talk is, like, you know, because sometimes, you know how it goes.
Like, gamers will take a few small minor things and make a big fucking deal out of it, you know.
I think we saw that happen with Mass Effect Andromeda in some cases, you know, and so on.
So I'm curious if you guys think it really is a problem for those of you that have played Bloodstained on Switch.
But apparently low resolution and handheld is getting called out. Some visual pieces are not there.
I would expect that the graphic fidelity is probably a little bit downgraded.
Like, if there's some missing things that aren't in the other ones, I might expect a little bit of that.
I mean, but then again, I feel like Bloodstained is not, like, it's still like a 2.5D.
Like, you know, it's 3D, but in a 2D game. So I feel like it's not.
It should be very minimal.
Yeah, right.
So anyway, well, it is important to point out the developers behind Bloodstained have addressed all these issues on their Kickstarter page and saying they are going to update it.
Saying, quote, we have been listening to feedback regarding the Switch's performance.
Our goal is for everyone, regardless of platform, to be able to enjoy the game and have it run smoothly.
We will want to live up to your and our expectations.
Throughout the QA process, we have been addressing performance issues in the game.
Update 101 was published to Switch prior to launch to add content and improve performance.
Because they seem to remember, didn't the Switch version have problems at a convention that they were showing you at?
And they were kind of like, it's further along.
I seem to remember that was the thing at, like, PAX or something.
I sort of remember that.
Anyway, they said it did not accomplish as much as we'd hoped, and we need to do more.
To address the concerns brought up by the community, we are immediately shifting resources to improve performance and stability for the Switch.
So don't expect any type of DLC or anything else right away, because they've got to fix this.
You can expect a number of small updates that will improve different areas of the game, rather than waiting longer for one big update.
We will have more details as we dive into the work.
We thank you for your patience, et cetera, et cetera.
So now I'm starting to wonder if, should I bother starting?
Or should I wait a month for them to get some patches out?
I don't know.
YYR in chat says, are there any versions that don't have issues?
Questbuster says, the Bloodstained Switch issues make me sad.
I have the PlayStation 4 version, which has its own issues, but the Switch issues sound worse.
Darktoseo says, it should be damned. I still want it.
Let's see.
Darktoseo reminds us, they say they are working on it for patches and other fixes.
Questbuster says, the only thing I don't like about the PS4 version are some of the loads, especially around saves and reloads.
Otherwise, amazing game.
And YYR says, wait, they already patched it? That means it must have been even worse before.
That's why I'm kind of remembering, I really feel like if you go back to some of the things we talked about around like PAX East this year, I want to say it was the thing.
I want to say that they showed a Bloodstained demo on the floor on the Switch, and that this kind of feedback was coming in, and they kind of said we're already working on a patch.
So I feel like this 1.01 was kind of the post PAX update, perhaps?
I don't know. I mean, obviously I'm not on the inside. I don't know what exactly it is.
But I feel like that might be why the Switch version was already starting to see some patches.
But I still want to play the game. I'm hoping people are just kind of blowing it out of proportion.
I can deal with a little frame skip here and there, but if it is super jittery throughout the whole thing, it's going to be annoying.
We'll see. Here's hoping. Anyway, let's move on. Another story. Loki.
So where you have many franchises adding Battle Royale to their games, now you have a Battle Royale franchise that's adding a single player campaign.
But why single player? Nobody plays single player games anymore. Single player is dead, I've been told.
But apparently not, because that's what PUBG is going to be doing.
They're working on actually creating an original narrative experience set in the same universe.
Apparently the game is, the single player campaign they're saying is going to be written by Glenn Shulfield, who actually did the original Dead Space.
And I guess has worked on Call of Duty when he was at Sledgehammer Games as well.
So, interesting that that's going to be a thing. I don't know.
By the sounds of this, it almost sounds like it's going to be a separate game, kind of in the same universe, to the effect of Titanfall and Apex Legends, but kind of in the reverse.
So, interesting. I'd be curious to see what this is all about, but...
Single player's dead!
Yeah, isn't it interesting how that whole thing has come full circle? It was like everything had to have a Battle Royale mode, and now it's like, oh, but if your game, you know, like this is only Battle Royale, and maybe PUBG's kind of been eclipsed.
I want to say, I don't want to, because, you know, fans of PUBG are going to be like, there's still a ton of people playing PUBG. Of course there are.
But, you know, a lot of the conversation has been around Fortnite and, you know, other Battle Royale games. Heck, we're talking about another Battle Royale game later in the show that's very unexpected.
Although, I think they're cheating on that one, but I will get to it later.
But anyway, there's a lot of games using the Battle Royale moniker. Tetris 99, which, but that one's really cool, obviously.
You know, there's a lot of games that are using that Battle Royale thing, and now it's kind of like, okay, maybe PUBG's having a hard time kind of standing out, so it kind of like needs the single player thing to bring people back to it and experience this again.
Like, I think for some people, it's probably like the people that already had it and bought it for Battle Royale, but moved on to Fortnite, moved on to Apex Legends.
It's, oh, I have this new single player mode to check out. I should come on back and check out the game.
And maybe if I come on back and check out the game and stream it to Twitch, other people will check out the game for the first time.
And so I think they're hoping for kind of like a domino effect with that a little bit.
So, Metal Mayhem in chat says, single player is dead. Why wasn't I notified of this? I've pretty much been playing single player stuff exclusively. I guess I was wasting my time.
Well, I mean, that's what big AAA companies have told me. It's funny, because they'll sell you on that, oh, well, single player is dead.
Here's a brand new single player Star Wars game they were putting out as well. They don't fucking know what the hell they're talking about.
They'll say it one instance, but then at the same time, it's dead. But we're making games for that dead genre anyways, because it's dead.
YYR in chat says, there was actually an analyst who mused recently that the market could be wide open for AAA single player experiences right now.
That gamers are starting to burn out on games as a service and games that are never supposed to end.
Yeah, and I think that's why Final Fantasy VII Remake is coming at a really good time, I think, in some ways.
So, you know, I think, yeah, for sure, like, AAA single player experiences, I think, absolutely are desired.
Hey, YYR, have you ever thought about Snake 360 Royale?
Stop.
I had to ask. I had to ask. Don't hate me.
But think about it.
That's Slither.io at that point.
Think about it. Think about a giant, oh, has that already been done?
That's Slither.io.
God damn it.
Sort of. Slither.io is a little bit different, but it's basically the same thing.
YYR in chat responded with, sometimes less is more, right?
YYR simply responded with dot, dot, dot.
Don't indulge him.
Don't indulge me.
Alright, moving on to talk about other ways to maybe bring people back to something
and, you know, remind them of the value of the Switch Online Gaming Library.
You know, it's no secret. Folks would like to see some more on the NES Online Library.
No shit.
We still don't know July's games, do we? We got June's. We haven't gotten to July's yet, right?
Oh, I'm sure it'll be so amazing that I'll have to just come right...
No, it won't. It'll be fucking stupid NES games that no one gives a shit about.
Well...
Is there another, like, I don't know...
It should be noted that perhaps, you know...
It should be all the Tengen games.
I don't think they could do that, I think because of, you know, lawsuits and things like that.
I know, would that be funny?
Anyway, so in a Japanese interview, Nintendo has actually kind of commented on this whole state of the Switch Online
and, you know, could there be more platforms that come to the Switch Online Library in the future?
And they said to this, quote,
At this place, we cannot tell new information about future classic hardware, among others,
but we are thinking about providing an extension of the online service,
which is currently providing Famicom or NES software, because it's a Japanese interview,
as well as other methods of providing them.
We also recognize that there are opinions wanting to play past titles.
So at least Nintendo is kind of, like, acknowledging that they hear it.
And this theory has come up before on our show, Bobby's show and other shows out there that talk about video games,
is that most people are going to have to re-up their Nintendo Switch Online thing in a year, in, like, October.
So that would be a really good time for Nintendo to put out more bang for, you know,
here's the value you're getting in continuing to be a Nintendo Switch Online subscriber.
So I kind of think that is now the point where we're going to start to see,
oh, the 20 Super Nintendo games or whatever they decide to do are going to come out that month.
Maybe some other, because it seems like Tetris 99 has done very well for them.
So maybe they'll put out something else.
Mario Battle Royale, since they shut the other one down, right?
I just, I've already made this argument so many times.
I don't even, like, they would have made, I think they would have made so much more money
just doing straight up virtual console than this crap.
Honestly, I mean, I don't even know why they didn't do it, because they would make just so much money.
They could still have the online service and give you a couple free games or an access to a library of games,
but then separately just have virtual console where you can purchase, like,
Super Nintendo games and other stuff that people wanted to get,
and they would make so much more money than they're making on this online service.
Like, how much is a year? Is it, like, 20 bucks a year or something like that?
Yeah.
That's like two fucking games on virtual console.
Like, it's stupid. It doesn't make any fucking sense that they're doing it this way.
Like, I don't get it.
This Switch is obviously powerful enough to run Super Nintendo games.
The Wii was. I mean, come on. I don't understand why they would do this.
Unless they're really going to amp up the emulator.
Like, maybe some type of, like, shared scoreboard amongst your friends or something.
I mean, I know. Don't hold your fucking breath.
But it could be something that maybe the emulator's going to get kicked up.
Like, it's going to be more surprising what it does. I don't know.
I'm trying to give them something.
Other emulators out there have already done this shit, like, long time ago.
Like, probably a decade ago, this stuff has been in place.
And Nintendo's now just, like, thinking about, maybe we'll do this or maybe we'll do this.
It's, like, it's so dumb. I don't even understand.
They're literally leaving money on the table.
As Joe and Hunter Matt points out, we got skunked at E3 with online news.
I wish we'd get a direct about any updates.
You know, I've thought about this and the fact that they tend to,
and the E3s do tend to be pretty absent of online updates and things like that.
And I think, you know, I think I'm okay with it at this point
because you have to really think about what is E3 supposed to be.
It is a trade show at its core that is supposed to be kind of promoting
what the retail lineup is going to be at the end of the year
and what you're going to be able to find on store shelves.
And this type of thing, you know, even though, yes,
the industry is starting to move more and more towards digital and all that,
this sort of thing is not really something that is, like,
they need to show off to a third party or get other people interested in it.
It's very kind of, like, in-house.
And so they only need to get their fans on board with it.
How do they reach out to their fans? By doing a direct.
Does that make sense? What I'm saying is that the Switch Online
is not something that ends up on a store shelf, essentially.
So maybe they don't feel like E3 is the time to be doing that
because it is very much something that they just kind of do in-house
and then, blip, put it out there when it's done
and there's no middleman, no nothing. Does that make sense?
That makes sense. They do this all, I mean, they don't put everything out,
like, during E3 anyways.
And I don't think they even did that for online last year.
It was more towards, I think it was a few weeks away from when they launched in September.
So I expect that we'll see something kind of in the middle of August anyways
for online, kind of an update or whatever.
We'll probably have a couple more directs between then.
It's just, it's disappointing, though, that we don't know what's coming out.
And it's just, I don't know, like, if they're just like,
we're going to launch Super Nintendo games.
Like, at this point, I'm not even really that excited about it.
Like, I have a Super NES Mini or whatever.
Like, the only thing I can think of them holding off on doing, like, more NES games and stuff
is that they're planning on releasing a version 2 of those with different games on them
and maybe do that. I mean, but I don't know who that's even for at that point.
I mean, I don't know.
Well, let's travel back to a simpler time.
Let's travel back to a console that's so old
that we were seeing ports of games on it and emulation.
Like, probably at the time, most people did own only a Super Nintendo and things like that.
In our segment, the classic game of the week.
Usually, Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and pulls out a game that she thinks,
hey, you guys should check out this game. You should play this game this week.
But she is not here tonight, of course.
She has the night off as she is celebrating Pride in San Francisco with her sisters this weekend.
So, usually, I would bring a guest on.
I've really been trying to do that in 2019.
But since I cut it so close today with me being out of town and doing other things,
I didn't even get to do that.
So, I'm picking one myself tonight.
So, I'm doing a way, way throwback.
And we haven't really spotlighted enough games on this console.
So, I picked a game tonight from the Atari 2600.
And so, my classic game of the week we're doing tonight is
an old game by Activision that's called Oink.
So, there it is.
Oink is the game that we're going to look at tonight.
And the sound kind of gets really annoying.
So, I'm going to turn it way down so it doesn't get too crazy here.
So, Oink was an Atari 2600 video game.
And the designer behind the game was Mike Lorenzen.
And then Activision did the release in the year 1983.
Oink is the Three Little Pigs, basically.
It's a video game based around the Three Little Pigs.
For those that can see the video on Twitch right now,
you'll notice the brick building, quote-unquote brick building, is yellow.
It's supposed to represent straw.
The next level is brown.
It represents sticks.
And then the last level is red because it represents bricks.
Get it? It's like the fable.
And this is kind of like a reverse breakout sort of thing.
So, you have the pig, and you're playing the pig at the top,
that is trying to fill in the holes that are being blown up by the wolf.
Now, the wolf, I say reverse breakout.
It's not like the wolf is bouncing a hole around.
But the wolf is kind of shooting this laser beam
that is supposed to be representative of the wolf's breath.
And he can only fire it every so often.
And he uses that to actually knock out the bricks
probably a slight bit faster than you can actually lay them down.
He can also, with that little stream, his little laser beam, his breath,
he can actually pull the pig down to the bottom of the board.
So, that way the pig has to take a few seconds,
a few valuable seconds to run back up
and actually replace, you know, to get the bricks to keep replacing.
And if the wolf can succeed in pulling the pig down all the way
through like a complete opening in there,
because you can see again on the Twitch video,
the wolf is about to like make a big enough opening
where if he grabs the pig, the pig is going to come completely full,
completely through, then the round is over and it goes on to the next house.
So, that is essentially the game.
I know I make it sound very complicated,
but just imagine like a reverse breakout where you are laying down the bricks.
The wolf has a name in the story, Bigelow B. Wolf, or B.B. Wolf.
And again, you have three houses and the bricks are three layers deep.
And if you get pulled completely through,
which I think is going to happen on the Twitch stream here in a minute,
because that hole is getting really big,
then that round is over and you are going to start a new round here.
You get four points when you put a brick down on the wall.
And if you, you have to use every, there he goes, see he got pulled through,
so now he is going to run off and now the straw one is going to come in here,
so now he is down to one life basically.
And I think it goes a little bit faster with each board.
And I think you get more points too.
I think it is four points the first time and then like as each new row comes in,
you get like a multiplier basically.
So the wolf attacks also speed up.
So you can't keep this going forever really.
Now here is the thing that a lot of people don't realize about this game
and what I think makes it actually really notable is because,
and even the Wiki article doesn't talk about this, which I found very surprising.
You have to actually kind of dig a little deeper or remember this mode like I do.
If you actually can find a copy of the game manual,
the game manual explains how there are actually three game modes.
Because remember the Atari had that switch which recycled the different game modes.
So game mode number one is one player versus the wolf.
Game mode number two is take turns controlling each pig,
two players versus the wolf.
But here is where I think this game really shined was game number three.
One player controls the pig, one player controls the wolf.
And so it was really like an early example that I can think of,
of like a player versus player type of thing in video games
where the players had two completely different types of mechanics.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
So yeah, I think that's what made this game kind of notable
and one reason that I wanted to spotlight it tonight
is because it was really like a different type of battle your friends type of game.
And I do remember playing this game with my friends
and we would battle and see who could get the higher score
and it was what we did
because that's as far progressed as the video games were at that point.
So you can also use difficulty switches.
In the A position your pigs have to walk down to the wall to drop an object in place.
In the B position they can drop objects from anywhere on the screen.
So the A position is a lot harder.
Anyway, for those that did continue to play in the single player mode,
in the single player mode if you were able to score, I think it was 25,000 points,
you could take the picture of your TV screen and get the old school achievements,
the actual patches that Activision would mail you
for you to put on, I don't know, your jacket or whatever,
and you get an oinker's patch.
So as far as a lot of the follow up and reception and so forth,
apparently Oink got an award of the most humorous video game computer game in 1984.
I guess it's funny. I don't know.
I mean a video game called Oink is kind of funny.
They could have called the game The Three Little Pigs
and it would have made just as much sense,
but instead they called it Oink.
You know, squeal like a pig I guess.
If you would like to check out this game,
you could check out a collection called the Activision Anthology,
but otherwise I don't know if this one shows up on the flashback consoles.
I think I have seen it on some of those Atari flashback consoles,
the one that included Atari 2600 games,
but it's missing from a lot of them.
So anyway, I'm looking in chat over at twitch.tv slash vognetwork.
Darktichia says, whoa, a competitive mode.
Okay, that's neat.
Yeah, it's kind of what made it special a little bit, I think,
and worthy of highlighting this week.
And PixelPaka says, the oinker's patch is cute.
It sure is.
And definitely would have a whole new meaning for some people.
Just putting it out there.
Metal Mayhem says, I never had this game for the 2600.
I don't think this was as well known, and that's part of the reason.
Activision had a lot of real big games for the Atari 2600.
River Raid, Pitfall certainly was a big one.
They had a lot.
I don't think Oink was ever really one of their big successes,
but I think, again, because of this two-player mode that I was talking about,
it's a pretty big deal that I think is worth spotlighting.
So there you go.
Oh, Kaboom! Thank you, YYR.
Yeah, there's a lot of them.
And YYR says, this game looks great, and I'm sad I never heard about it until now.
Thank you.
I'm happy to help educate.
That's part of what we do here at Orange Lounge Radio
in the Classic Game of the Week.
Now you guys are all naming all the Atari games I'm forgetting.
H-E-R-O, Keystone Capers, yes, yes.
I'm going to cross my fingers and toes.
Maybe some of those will show up on Antstream or something.
I don't think Antstream has the Atari 2600 stuff yet,
but hopefully that's something they're going to grow to in the future.
Well, that's supposed to be the Atari console that they've got.
Oh, yeah.
Well, after that.
Well, they still may put it on there.
Technically, these are Activision's games, too,
so you never know what will happen.
That's true.
And actually, speaking of Antstream real quick,
their official launch is tomorrow in the UK,
so they actually aren't launching in the US right away.
They're going to start in the UK, because that's where they're based.
But I guess us early backers, and disclosure, I'm a backer,
that got in in the US, we get to keep it,
but they're going to start the new game releases coming up pretty soon.
Oh, cool.
When are they launching officially everything?
For the UK? Tomorrow.
Oh, US, too.
They haven't set it for the US yet.
So they're doing that for non-backers, too, at some point?
Yeah.
Non-backers in the UK can get in tomorrow, basically.
Cool.
So they haven't said if we're talking months, weeks, or what.
I imagine they want to launch, make sure it's smooth, stable,
all that good stuff.
And then I don't think the US will wait that long.
So we'll see, though.
Anyway, all right.
Let's move on.
Sadly, no video segment this week.
I didn't have time to make one with everything else going on,
although Loki's looking at doing some stuff, right?
Yeah, I was going to do some stuff, but I haven't filmed anything yet.
I will use this opportunity to give you guys a reminder.
We played a little promotional video at the beginning of the stream tonight,
and we will play it again at the end,
just because VOG Network is a sponsor of the Southern Fried Game Room Expo
that's coming up in the Atlanta area this July.
And Bobby Black Wolf is going to be there in person and attending the festival.
And so if you are in the Southeast, if you're in the Atlanta area,
you want to play some old-school video games, maybe they'll have Oink.
Who knows? I bet you they've got some consoles set up and stuff,
but I know they do a lot of arcade, a lot of pinball.
I did see the Atari flashback in that promo video.
Yeah, and there's a lot.
They had Rasslin in there, too, because...
That's weird.
Why not? Well, why not? DragonCon has Rasslin.
Oh, okay.
I guess there's a lot of crossover. Why not?
But anyway, that's happening.
I believe the dates are the 12th through the 14th in the Atlanta area.
We just want to shout them out, because VOG Network is a sponsor of that.
And shit, we just love old-school video games.
So a convention set up to love old-school video games
and maybe a few new-school ones, too, and throw in some Rasslin as well.
Hey, we're on board.
So check that out and go say hi to Bobby Black Wolf.
If you can't make that, I really hope you will try to make DragonCon,
which I will be at and Bobby will be at.
And if you're a longtime fan of VOG and you remember shows like
Guys on a Show or Hoard House,
Xtaphir will be at DragonCon this year for the very first time.
Travis Donovan is back at, I hope, well wishes Travis Donovan out there,
by the way, if you're out there.
I don't know how much of his business I can put out there,
but he had a routine surgery that is completely normal
and just well wishes.
I hope he's doing well.
As far as I know, we'll still make DragonCon,
because he's got plenty of time to recover and all that good stuff.
So yeah, so lots of VOG personalities.
I don't remember if Brian from British Invaders is going this year
or John from Critical Myth.
I haven't checked on the status of those.
I'm sure Gary from Critical Myth will be there.
I know some of these shows have sunsetted,
but it's still good to see them and hang out once a year.
So DragonCon is coming up as well, Labor Day weekend.
Very excited.
I don't know how much I'm allowed to say yet,
but I will say that I have seen an early draft of what Bobby and I
are going to be involved with.
And like last year, we did several panels and stuff,
so you can probably guess there's going to be a similar thing
going on this year.
And I'm really excited about some of the stuff I'm seeing.
There are some panels this year, especially one for me,
where I'm like, I'm hyped about this.
This is going to be great.
So I'll tease you with that and more details to come in future weeks.
Okay, now we'll get back into some gaming news
and tackle some rapid-fire news.
All right, so let's talk about some stuff we're going to get for free.
Well, not necessarily free, because you're paying for those online services.
But Games of Gold and PlayStation Plus.
So Games of Gold in July.
We are getting Inside from July 1st to the 31st,
and Big Crown Showdown from July 16th through the 15th.
And then on the Xbox 360 backwards compatible games,
Castlevania Symphony of the Night from July 1st through the 15th,
and then the really old movie tie-in,
Meet the Robinsons from July 16th through the 31st.
It was an okay movie. I liked it.
You know, I talked to someone recently that had not played Castlevania Symphony of the Night,
and I was trying to explain, like, Bloodstained,
because it was a game that I had planned to play that evening and never got around to.
And I was like, oh, it's kind of like Castlevania Symphony of the Night,
and this person I was talking to didn't really know about it.
And I was like, oh, man, you got to check it out if you ever have time.
And then it was so funny that this came up today.
I saw this, and I was like, oh, shit, this would be nice if this person has an Xbox.
They're going to be able to get it for free coming up here soon, so it's pretty cool.
PlayStation Plus, we're going to be getting two games, of course.
So Pro Evolution Soccer 2019 and Horizon Chase Zero
are going to be the two games that we get for PlayStation.
I know not everybody's into Pro Evo Soccer,
but it's nice to kind of see a sports game that's happening.
Okay, so Mr. Smoosh is exploring the kitchen counter.
I need to go discourage him from doing so because he's getting a little, yeah.
So, Loki, if you wouldn't mind just buying me some time.
Sure, of course.
Ah, cats.
Anyways, and then let's talk a little bit about Crackdown 3,
a game I haven't been back to since I originally beat it.
But now I have a reason to go back
because there's going to be a brand new update coming to it pretty soon.
It's called the Flying High update,
and it adds a wingsuit into the game,
as well as apparently some other updates or other achievements.
So 16 achievements, totaling 500 gamer score.
And I don't know what else.
Oh, the Agency Peacekeeper Beacon,
which you can use for callings in civilian backup.
And they said an elemental forge,
and a hellstorm flare for air strikes,
and some cluster duck grenade.
Cluster duck?
Well, yeah, they had kind of a silly thing with the original Crackdown game.
I think it was a pre-order bonus or something like that
where you get an exploding rubber duck,
and you can use that as a grenade.
But, I don't know.
I'll check it out.
Meh.
And that's what they wrote.
Meh.
I still need to play Crackdown 3.
I have the Xbox Pass now, so I just...
Yeah, you should try it.
Add that to the fucking list of games I need to catch up on.
It's all right, but I got a LARP.
It's only a few hours to beat the game.
And it's good, and you're just like, eh, cool.
Well, ironically, we were talking about Battle Royale games earlier,
and there's another one coming out, Tetris Royale.
Wait a minute. Don't we already have Tetris Battle Royale?
Of course we do. Tetris 99, of course.
But there's a new one coming out.
Maybe because of the success of Tetris 99.
I don't know. Tetris Royale.
Tetris Royale is a cell phone game.
It's an iOS Android game. It's not a Switch game.
So that's, ah, there's the difference there.
Tetris Royale is what they call it in the UK
because they're on the metric system.
They don't have a quarter pound. Yes, yes.
Anyway, no footage right now
because I guess it's early on or whatever.
But of course Tetris Royale, they are saying
we'll have a variety of game modes from
100 players, not 99, but 100 players
battling Tetris with each other
to daily competitions
and so on and so on.
I think the, ah,
who is developing this one?
It's not the same developers.
Because the developers of Tetris 99
are also the people behind the Grandmaster.
And they are not doing this one.
So somebody else kind of licensed Tetris.
Let's hope it's not Ubisoft.
No, it's not. It's not Ubisoft. It's somebody else.
Ah, and, um,
oh, okay, no, it is Network.
N3 TWORK.
That's doing it because they
got the multi-year contract to
exclusively develop and publish
new Tetris games built from the ground up
for mobile devices worldwide
excluding China.
So. I would have been really
interested in this if this was Hatris
Battle Royale, but, you know. Or FaceTris?
FaceTris. Or WordTris?
Uh,
Nifty 805 is asking, don't you all have
phones?
It's the hot new way to play, ah, Tetris.
So. Ah, DarkTitsu, you're reminding
us the name of the developer of Tetris 99
who I failed to mention. Ah, Arica.
Is, ah, the developer that did
Tetris 99, so. And ActDeft
in chat saying, we need a new Tetris Grandmaster
dammit. Ah, I think there'd be a lot of people
happy to see that if that actually happened over here.
You know, the good news is Switch is region free, so they
did it on the Switch and they even put it out only in Japan
and you can still kind of get it here. And it's Tetris,
so you wouldn't have to have a deep understanding of Japanese.
We'll see. I don't know.
Anyway. Ah, moving
on to talking about, oh, this is interesting.
This is a follow up to the little
Commodore 64 mini that you got me last week.
Which, thanks again. No problem.
Um, and, ah, you mentioned it was on a deep
discount, which is part of the reason why you got it.
You're like, oh, I'll get it now. And I said, I think
it's because they're making a new one. Well, guess what, Logie?
They're making a new one. So,
the deal is, is that they're putting out a
new version with a full size
keyboard and they're simply calling it
the C64 micro
computer. It's going to have the
same 64 games in it, but
this time the keyboard is fully sized
and fully functional. So you don't have to use
like a separate USB keyboard to get
in there and actually do the typing. You use that keyboard.
What's also interesting about it, in my
opinion, is that it is going to emulate not
just Commodore 64, but
VIC-20. So, which
was kind of the predecessor
to Commodore 64. No word
on Commodore 128
or the, what was the other one,
the 16 plus
4C or whatever the other one was.
There was another Commodore
that came out. I don't think it did well here at all.
When did we get our Amiga?
Hell yeah!
Why not an Amiga thing? I don't know, we'll see.
Well, that's the platform,
that's the thing, and stream
has a lot of Amiga stuff in it right now.
So, you can't
get your Amiga life through that.
I mean, a lot of the stuff that was big in the UK.
Amiga, Spectrum, they have some Commodore 64
in there as well. You know,
the Amstream retro stuff is covering a lot of that.
So, anyway, otherwise it's going to be pretty
much similar to the
Commodore 64 mini that's already out,
but the larger keyboard is definitely going to be a game
changer. The resolution output is
maxed at 720p, so sorry
you will not be able to play games in 4K
all of a sudden. December 5th, 2019
is supposedly the day that this new one
is going to ship. So that is still
a little ways out, but just about close enough.
Considering the resolution of what it is
anyways, 720p
upscale to 4K is going to
look the same, I would imagine.
And it's Commodore 64, it's just like
the edges get edgier,
that's about it, right?
Alright, anyhow.
Moving on
and talking about
what's going to come out in stores near
you very soon as we travel around the world
and look at world release dates.
So, the US, Loki.
So, of course, as you're aware, Final Fantasy XIV Shadowbringers
is going to be coming out this week on PC and
PlayStation 4. Officially.
Alternate Jake Hunter
Daedalus, The Awakening of the Golden Jazz.
I have no idea what the fuck that is,
but that's an amazing title.
Coming out on PC.
Stranger Things 3, the game.
That's coming out on PC, PlayStation 4,
Xbox One, and Nintendo Switch.
Also the show coming out on the 4th as well.
Clonad on
Nintendo Switch. The Ninja Warriors
once again on Nintendo
Switch and PlayStation 4.
Attack on Titan 2, Final
Battle on PlayStation 4,
Xbox One, Switch, and PC.
Sea of Solitude on
PC,
PlayStation 4, and
Xbox One. And
that's it.
Alright, traveling over to Japan real quick.
A pretty similar lineup
with Final Fantasy XIV, of course,
making its way in Japan officially
this week on the 2nd. The same day
it's out everywhere else officially.
But there's just a
few releases here on July 4th in
Japan. Remember, it's a holiday
in the US, but not Japan. So they get game releases
on July 4th. So the
games coming out on PS4 are
Pixark and
Shingeki no Kaioshin 2
Final Battle from Koei
Tecmo is the big release.
Attack on Titan 2. That's it.
Those are the big releases on the PlayStation 4.
And then the Switch, those
exact same games, but that
Clonad game is the other big release in
Japan this week. So kind of a lot of overlap
this week. How about the UK?
UK, we've got
looks like Red Faction
Guerrilla Remarse edition
that's going to be coming out.
We've got, oh that's
on Nintendo Switch. Final Fantasy
XIV Shadowbringers on
PC and PlayStation 4.
Attack on Titan 2. The Final Battle
on PC, PlayStation, I'm sorry
PlayStation 4, Xbox One and
Switch. Tour de France on
Xbox One.
We have Sirento
VR on PlayStation 4.
And that's it.
Alright. Let's move on
to the mailbag. Every week we invite you
to email us. Participate at
orangelandre.com and we read
your emails here live on the show.
I think we just have one quick one
tonight coming in this week from
Redertainment. So yeah,
Redertainment sent us an email this week to participate
at orangelandre.com and I
encourage you to email us. Fill up that mailbag
who says, hello peoples.
I'm at Salt Lake Gaming Con
and there's a pinball table that is really
outstanding to me. It's Genie
by Gottlieb. It's a
four player competitive old style
multi flipper table.
It's the kind of thing that I would buy if I had the space
and money. And that is signed from
Redertainment saying this message was
brought to you by cool shit you only
see at cons. He actually sent a little
picture. It's a little bit low resolution for me
to actually show on the stream
and it ended up coming through tilted sideways.
But it is one of those old school like
70's-ish kind of machines.
I believe I've played this table
and I think I played it recently when I was at the pinball
Hall of Fame in Vegas
which I talked about several weeks ago.
God, it was probably closer to the end
of last year. No, where the hell was I
in Vegas? I can't remember anymore.
But yeah, it was closer to the end of last year I think.
I played it recently when I was there.
And yeah, I'll pass that along
to Jamie because she'll get a kick out of that.
But yeah, old school pinball tables.
It's always kind of fun to go back and discover stuff
especially in that 70. You know, because
a lot of like, if you play this stuff from like the 60's
and you know, they're really
old and they're cool.
They still have a lot of like replay value
and stuff. There's just not as much
going on necessarily.
But you know, you really start to see
that phase when things started going from the
little spinning numbers to the digital numbers
and the boards started getting more digital
themselves and more lights and things like that.
Like there's just a lot of like neat stuff that
came out such as you know, multi flippers
and things like that. So yeah, very
cool. So I'm glad. It sounds like this
Salt Lake Con that
Retertainment was at is probably very similar to like
Southern Fry Game Room Expo and there's probably many
cons like it in cities throughout America
where you can go experience some of these
things. So, pretty cool.
But that wasn't really our only email
this week. So participate at
orangelaundry.com if you would like to send us
an email for a future week. Hey, we don't mind
the shout outs of things that you guys see
at Gaming Cons. We really love
video though, because then we can put that
in the middle of our show. So think about that.
Anyway, don't you all have cell phones?
Don't they all shoot video?
Alright.
All that aside, let's move on and
talk about some more headlines,
some things we've kind of referenced so
far. Right, Logie? Yes. So speaking
of cell phones, if you have a cell phone
you can check out Flappy
Royale. It is a
battle royale flappy
bird type game. I use
air quotes because it's not necessarily
that you're battling each other. This is battle royale
as in the same as the Mario
battle royale was battle royale
where you're playing at the same time
trying to accomplish something
but
it's a flappy bird so you're probably going to die pretty
fast. Yes. And
for one, it's not easy
to get on iOS. You have to
do the whole test flight thing
which I've only ever used when I
was in the Pokemon Go beta so long
ago for being a high level Ingress player. I installed
test flight and I've since uninstalled it because I didn't
need it for anything else. But you can
play it in a browser window. That's
how I played it. So I did play this
earlier just to check it out.
And one thing that I noticed when I played it
is that there's no
way that you're actually
matching live with other people. There's
no way that's happening because
if you fuck up, you go right
back into it. So I think
what it is, it's probably downloading
99 other shadows.
I'm not saying it's like a fake battle royale.
It might be, but I would
see maybe that, and like you said, this Mario
thing that Nintendo pulled I think was like this
is that you're basically running against
99 shadows of
other people running. And I think
that's probably what's really happening, but it's
not happening live like it
would be in a game like Fortnite or
even Tetris 99.
But I thought it was a hilarious concept.
I mean, just the whole image, and
if you kind of Google this game, the
Flappy Royal,
you can actually see
it's so funny. I love the bus.
I love the bus idea. They show up at the bus.
But then you just see this swarm of birds, it looks
like fucking bees flying everywhere
coming out of the bus. You can't even see like
who you would be. I guess yours is...
Yours is a lot, like you can
actually design your character. So you can actually
my bird looks like Opa Opa from
Fantasy Zone. And then you can actually, like he
wears a little hat. So you can actually like customize
a little bit. And the one you're controlling
does stand out a little
more. Like the colors are all filled in a bit
more. So
it's, it's cute.
But I don't think
it's quite
live battle royale. But I think
this, I mean this is probably done by
did you say it was one or two developers?
Like it's probably just like a couple of people
who did this. Yeah, I didn't say who it was. It was
basically
they have like three
developers. Designers Orta,
Fearox, M. Laser
Walker, and Zach Gage.
So four people.
Akuma JV says what? Rob's bird looks like what?
The lead ship from Fantasy Zone.
There's like a clone of that
in the game. So.
Alright.
Yeah, it's one of those things you
play. Oh that's cute. And then you
probably won't really play again. But you
never know. I mean we'll see.
Maybe this is a great start.
And especially if it's only on Test Flight and things like
that. Maybe the developers
will think about, oh a way you can battle
against your friend's shadows. Or
you know certain courses that are already
laid out. Like there might be ways
to take this concept and make
it much more than something you play once
and go oh cute and then never play again.
Which I think the original Flappy Bird was
for a lot of people. But a lot of people
played that Flappy Bird.
That's one of those amazing
kind of mysteries in video games to this day.
Why did that guy
just pull Flappy Bird when he could have kept making
so much money off of it. And he
ended up releasing more games.
After that he just
and I don't know if he licensed some of that stuff
out because they have arcade games now and
all sorts of crap. And the kids want to drop
a dollar into the play Flappy Bird. I'm like are you
fucking nuts. But maybe you know I
can I can also understand that maybe he's just the fame
and the attention and the
strange phone calls and the people wanting to do
business with you. Like maybe he was just overwhelmed.
Yeah play Crossy Road. I got paid a dollar each
game to play Crossy Road. I'm like you can
play that for free. Why would you pay money.
Pay a dollar to play DDR.
As YYR says in chat.
Daddy I can win tickets.
Barely any.
And I try to tell them I'm like
kid you're not winning enough.
Make it worth my while. They're like well I want to
play this game. Like OK well you just died
and it cost a dollar and you won three tickets.
Or you could play this game right here
and win like 40 tickets
every time. 3 or 40.
And then eventually they understand.
And they would pay for that $15
ring pop that they want.
In chat says didn't he say that he feared
he would get in trouble because of the popularity of
the game because the country he lives in.
Yeah I think that was part of it. So I'm not trying to
dismiss his
you know cautions about why he stopped making
the game. But it is one of those things that really just kind of
like you know you do take a step back and go wow
like somebody walking away from something
that could have been even bigger and made
even more money. It's like you just don't
hear about that in our industry. It's like the one
time that ever happened for whatever the reason is.
So anyway
let's move on and
talk about a few more stories.
So I believe I'm next with a
follow up on the Pokemon
Dex controversy.
So we got into that on a
previous episode where you know the got to catch
some of them. Not all the Pokemon
are going to be coming over to Sword and Shield
and some of the
protests if you will the virtual
Twitter things and things like that have
not really died down and
this week Game Freak
responded
with a producer letter and
the producer letter
you kind of it was kind of a way
of saying I don't know it was a way of saying like
we're hearing what you're saying but
they didn't they didn't say they were not doing anything
about it. Yeah I don't know if I would say they doubled
down either. What they basically
said was that and let
me read some of the kind of well actually
let me go to the full letter here maybe I can
read some of the longer
passages from it. But
so yeah
I'll just read the whole thing it's not that long.
So the letter stated June 28th and it says
thank you to all our fans for caring so deeply about
Pokemon. Recently I shared the news
that some Pokemon cannot be transferred to Pokemon
Sword and Pokemon Shield. I've read
all your comments and appreciate your love and
passion for Pokemon. Just like
all of you we are passionate
about Pokemon and each and every one of them is very
important to us. After so many years
of developing the Pokemon video games
this is a very difficult decision for me.
I'd like to make one thing clear. Even
if a specific Pokemon is not available
in Pokemon Sword and Shield this does not
mean that it will not appear in future
games. The world of Pokemon continues
to evolve. The Galar region
offers new Pokemon to encounter trainers to battle
and adventures to embark on. We are pouring
our hearts into these games and we hope you will look forward
to joining us in this new journey. So essentially
he's saying if you
are pissed that your Pokemon
is not in this game that doesn't mean we're deleting
them forever or that they're going to
not come back in another Pokemon game
because we all know this franchise is not
going to go away anytime soon.
But I don't know. I think there's a lot of people
that are still just
irritated. I don't know how else
to put it. Let me go to chat.
See what some folks are saying there. I know we've got some Pokefans
in chat that probably have their own thing to say there.
S2100Matt says
we hear you but relax.
It's not like we're going to stop making Pokemon games
where you can still use those.
Act Def says I said it before and I'll say
it again. Yeah it sucks that not all
the Pokemon won't appear in the newest games.
But holy fuck are people over
reacting to this.
Well you know internet gonna internet.
And I think there are some
people overreacting. In fact I would even say there's a lot
of people overreacting. But
you know especially when you hear stories about the whole
like they built up their collection from
childhood. They had
trades from friends they haven't seen.
And like how important the
collection is to some people.
I get why people are left with a
profound sense of
sadness and disappointment.
That part I get.
The Twitter campaigns and that stuff
and change.org and stuff
I just you know but
at the same time if people weren't doing
that would it have prompted this letter.
Is now the Pokemon
company maybe thinking about this for the next
thing they do. So while
I don't I mean they're not going to fix it for Sword and
Shield. We all knew they could. How could they
possibly. The game's got to be wrapping up
development. It's got to go gold by
probably the end of summer early early early
fall so it can get out in time.
But you know maybe again if they decide
to do a Pokemon gun
I keep joking about that. What would it be. Maybe
Pokemon arrow. I don't know.
If a third thing in
Pokemon Knight with a K. I don't know.
So if they end up doing a third
Pokemon in the series perhaps
that will be the one that has all the Pokemon in it.
But now I kind of feel
like through this letter at least maybe like
they're saying OK we
heard you. They're not going to come out and say
we made a mistake. Please. They're
going to say I think they're going to say
the next time we do this
we're going to not
do the same thing. At least
I kind of hope as
a Pokemon fan myself. That's what I'm hearing.
So while they are also
brings up it's hard enough to balance a game with matchups
for over 500 characters. They probably got
tired of having to balance so many
character matchups. So
and then a lot of just
comments in our chat.
DJ Rama S says Pokemon Belt
Sia Tabiri. Pokemon
Trebuchet.
Metal Mayhem. Pokemon Tactical Nuke.
Dark Tetsuya. Pokemon Helmet.
All right guys calm down.
So anyway we'll see what develops.
I think in the
long term I think people
were kind of heard but gamers
would rather hear now. They want
to hear like oh there's going to be a patch that will
fix all this. I just
I don't think that's going to happen.
If it does long term damage to the
franchise or not that's what we'll see.
That's going to be the real question
and that's what I'm really dying
to know the answer to. How
is this going to impact sales at the end of the day?
Because I bet there's a lot of
people that are still going to buy the game because it's Pokemon even though
they're pissed off. Yeah. I haven't really
picked up a mainline Pokemon game
like that. I've only done like
you know let's go.
I'll probably pick it up
just because a new Pokemon
Switch game like hell yeah I want to check it out.
Like a new mainline game that's on a TV
and portable console like for that alone
I'm getting excited and some of the things they're doing.
Doesn't mean I think they made the right decision
but you know
I still kind of want to check out what's there.
So we'll see. Anyway.
SSG 100
Matt with a throwback here.
Okay like two of you are going to get this joke.
Pokemon peppermint time and mint.
There's a great old joke in there.
I'll leave it at that. Alright anyway.
Moving on.
Loki what do you have for us? Alright
so this is kind of cool. So whereas
we may have all these different
platforms out there where we can purchase
our games and kind of separating our libraries
around. Good old games
is trying to actually unite
all of that together with GOG
Galaxy 2.0.
So GOG Galaxy 2.0 is in closed
beta.
But apparently their version of their client
allows you to
integrate
other communities together.
So for example right now
GOG and Xbox Live are
integrated but they're saying that Battle.net
Epic, Origin, Playstation
Network, Steam and Uplay
are going to be available as
community created
integrations. And they said
however these integrations
function similarly
allowing you to import games
and depending on the platform
achievements and other stuff.
So they'll be able to have all of your
game libraries together
in one thing. I don't know
if that means also being able to launch games
from other platforms. Hopefully.
So
that would be cool if it was all in one place.
I'm curious
to check this out. It's in beta right now.
Yo dog we heard you like launchers.
So cross platform
chat
and one friends list.
It's an interesting
way for GOG to
differentiate themselves
from the competition by
trying to be the good guy
if you will. It's kind of
interesting. The good old guy.
That's what
they're trying to do with this. It's your buddy.
It's your buddy. Hey it's me
it's GOG. You know how like your
epic store and your steam and
your battle net and Uplay
and all that shit can't all get along.
Well I'm here to help you get your shit sorted out.
So I don't know. It sounds also
to me very similar to like is it Apple
TV. Oh no Playstation has
this. Where if you go into like the
TV movie thing on Playstation you
can see like what movies are on what
service. You know what I mean.
That's kind of an interesting sort of
approach to it.
So and to be to be
fair I haven't really used the GOG launcher
in a while but this is something where
I might go oh I'd be kind of curious to
check this out. We'll see. So
SSG100
Matt points out yeah GOG needs
to work on being the good guy. Yeah
because we know they've had some choice things
with their social media. So yeah
maybe this is a chance for them
to rehab their image a little.
Questbuster in chat says Microsoft's
officially on board already. Well that's
good news. That's always good when like the
companies are like yeah we support this. And I'm
sure from Microsoft's perspective they're like
yeah another place for people to sign up for
Game Pass. Hell yeah.
So why not.
I'm into it. I think it's a
clever idea. So we'll see what happens. I mean yeah I do
I have that Epic launcher.
I have Steam. I have
Battle.net that all are on my
computer and I use pretty regularly.
So I'm into the
idea of something to bring them all together.
It would be nice to be able to do that.
Yeah. I'd like that with my VR library
too. It would be nice.
Darticuia does want to point out they've addressed the social
media stuff that guy's gone as far as I know.
OK. All right.
Anyway let's
move on and talk about
Google Stadia. You know
because Google Stadia are going to be
games that essentially exist in the clouds.
You're not going to be picking them up physically at all.
Some people were wondering well will that
be kind of reflected in the price. And the answer
is no.
So Google has clarified that
games that are sold on Stadia will
probably not be cheaper than they are
on PlayStation 4 or Xbox
One.
So if you choose to buy games
on Stadia you're probably going to be
paying the 60 bucks or a comparable
price to what you would pay on consoles. You know some games
are 20 or 30 bucks just depending on what the game is.
Phil Harrison in an interview
with Eurogamer said quote
I don't know why it would be cheaper.
In the interview Harrison
talks about that you have access
to your purchase games on any screen that
you own and therefore you have
kind of maximum fidelity with that.
So it's like you don't just have this one system that your
game works on. You can use this game
that you bought on your tablet on your phone
on your PC right. So that's
kind of the angle he's trying to sell it with which
OK sure that's what Stadia is going to do.
But yeah
for that reason they do not see the prices
on Stadia being cheaper.
Also saying
the publisher or the developer is in as
much control of the prices as we are
so it's a bit difficult for me to say what the prices
will be right now. But we're obviously
going to be very aware of prevailing
prices in the marketplace.
So as a reminder Google Stadia Pro
launches on November
19th and that's the one you have to pay a little
money for the free version not
anticipated until next
year. So yeah
there's a lot of comments in our chat
not so nice about this
Dejirama S says Google Stadia whack
Cajudo says rent games
for full price. Dr. Suya says
yeah the more I hear about Stadia the more I'm thinking
I'll just stick with my PC.
Orange Right says pay for the privilege of remotely
playing it. So
I don't know. I hope Stadia is kind of
listening to some of the feedback they're getting out there and plans
to address it. But this could be a little bit like
this could be dicey for them.
I don't know.
Well they also made the comment too how they
were talking about the
bandwidth caps. So people had
concerns about bandwidth caps and
that's not going to be something that's going to
work well with these games and
their response was what are you talking
about. This is the cable industry
we're talking about. They'll adapt. They'll
loosen up bandwidth caps if
people want Stadia
and I'm like are you fucking stupid
do you exist in this reality. Well
I kind of I don't want to
say I agree 100 percent. I agree
with the direction
but that like the market
will hoot and holler
and force cable companies to upgrade
as the demand for more stuff comes in.
But hold on let me finish. It's not
going to happen next year. That's my point.
Yeah. So the thing is is that
Google needs to be prepared
and I think for Stadia
to succeed if they want Stadia to succeed
Google needs to really be prepared
to really hang on to this
for five
ten years.
I'm serious like
because Google Stadia I don't see catching
fire next year. But if Google
is willing to stand by Stadia
for five years ten years
play the long game with this
they might find success with it. They just
well might because that will give enough time
for the cable industry to catch up
because that's when the 4K
Netflix that's when that's going to get
bigger and more and more people are streaming
and that's really what's going to
force the cable industry to look into upgrading
and so forth.
But if Google is going to just walk away
from it if it flops in a year
like Buzz
or Google Plus or something like that
then that's concerning. So what
I would really like to hear
is Google say we are committed
to this for ten
years. And I know
that's a weird thing to ask a company to say
but when you're Google I don't know if that is
too crazy to ask. Especially with their track
record. Yeah. Yeah. And folks in
chat some folks kind of agreeing with me here
saying Google will have to play
the long game which they don't always do well
and active says spoilers they won't.
So yeah not people not
feeling too big on that especially
after the news about Hangouts
last last week or two weeks ago
that Google Hangouts is sunsetting. That's
that's a big fucking deal especially for
podcasters. Yeah. So
I would
recommend if you are somebody that's in the Hangouts
there are alternatives out there. I mean I guess
Skype is something that's available and I'm sure
Microsoft would love to eat this up. So hopefully
you know they're they're looking into
things. Zoom meetings
I know is a way a lot of people do like video and
talk to each other. But I think you have to pay for
advance meetings on that.
So there are alternatives out there. So if
you are somebody that's relied on Google Hangouts
start start exploring what some of your backups
are. So anyway
interesting while I are in
chat says Microsoft is actually
removing the e-book store
and the e-book reading feature from
Microsoft Edge. And in exchange
they're refunding the full purchase
prices of all of the books you bought
to your Microsoft account. Would Google
do this.
So no the answer is
clearly no. So now what happens
if Stadia goes under in a year you're going to get
refunded for your games.
Anyway that's that's the risk
of buying digitally. Yeah
and I just I just don't know if
enough people are ready for it. I don't
know I don't want to keep being negative on Stadia
but it's just I just
I think it's too right. It's too
early. But maybe that's why pros coming out
first let the people who really really want it
and then let's see what exclusive
games that they have that are must have
you must that or whatever
that too. All right. Moving on a few more
stories that we're going to open up discord
if you want to give us a call
on our discord server at vognetwork.com
slash discord you can do that. Just
make your way to the green room on our
discord server and a little blurb
about what you'd like to talk about in our orange
lounge radio channel will help you a
lot. Again you're going to go to
vognetwork.com
vognetwork.com slash discord. If you're
feeling too shy and don't want to call in
you can always ask stuff in our chat room as well
and I will try my best to get to it.
If it scrolls off screen
make sure I'm able
to get to that later. Remind me.
But a few stories first before we get to that.
So I've been keeping my eye
on the LEGO Overwatch
sets. I haven't purchased any
I thought about it
but you know they're expensive
and it's hard to justify
buying sets but I don't know
these new ones are pretty cool so they've got
two new sets that are coming out in October
so one of them is going to be
for Hammond in
Wrecking Ball. Basically
that looks fucking awesome.
That one's only twenty bucks.
I probably will pick that one up for
twenty dollars. That seems really worth it for that.
The other set that's coming out though
is fifty dollars
and it is both
Junkrat and
Roadhog
and they have this giant
motorcycle thing.
That looks alright.
I'm surprised though that that's so much more
expensive just for
what that is. Because of all the parts maybe
that make up that big Katamari looking thing.
It's three hundred and eighty parts
versus the
Wrecking Ball one which is
two hundred and twenty seven. Those are relatively small sets
but like three hundred and eighty for
fifty dollars
is so expensive. That Wrecking Ball one
is super fucking cute though. It is. I will have
to probably pick that up. That's like the perfect
like little like desk
thing. That's where I put them. Yeah.
The place I used to
get some of my
knock off sets. They
have these custom
brick heads of all the
Overwatch characters. And so
I'm thinking about getting those instead of the
Overwatch sets but
I do want that Wrecking Ball set
that looks pretty awesome. Yeah.
Maybe not. Maybe the Roadhog one but
definitely the Wrecking Ball one.
Yeah.
It took me four hours to build
Red Heart and Diva together. So yeah it's a good
it's a good project. Right.
Yeah. That one was also another
I almost got that one too. That was the one I was
kind of interested in but
we'll see.
Alright. Well moving on
for our last story tonight which you know
I know is a big part of many of your weeks
because a lot of Twitch watchers
and a lot of like gamers out there love to watch
some summer games done quick.
And of course the whole thing I mean it is about
speed running games but it is done for
charity. And it should be
pointed out and this is really awesome is
that summer games done quick
shattered fundraising this year.
They for the first time passed
the three million dollar mark.
And the charity that
they raised money for this year was Doctors
Without Borders. That is more
than 900,000 in the
previous year. So that's amazing.
That's amazing. If you were actually
there in Minneapolis Minnesota about
2,600 people were there in person
and they say the peak of the Twitch streams
was 156,000
viewers. So that's
that's great. Congratulations
to everybody involved with the
games done quick. If you want to watch
archives is available on the YouTube of course
and the final
final I'm using my quoting numbers as of
the time of this report was three
three million five thousand
two hundred twenty eight dollars. But I believe the donations
still kind of you can still donate for a little
while afterwards. I mean hello it's charity
fundraising. They're going to let you do that for a good long time.
Anyway there will be
there will be a games done quick
express in September
at Twitch Con. The next
big show though is going to be Awesome
Done Quick 2020 in January
and that is going to be the 10 year
anniversary of
the show.
That's very exciting. I really like watching
these each year and I love catching up on
everything on YouTube.
Just because I'm not able to obviously
in 24 hours a day
to catch all these things.
I watched was it the Zelda randomizer
earlier this week. I was
watching the Taskbot stuff earlier
today the Mario Kart Wii.
I watched parts the last
but I didn't have enough time to get through like all of that
and
just yeah a lot of
a lot of that stuff is just really interesting to watch
the runs of those and so
I wish they would do it more often than twice a year
but I understand organizing. It makes it a little
more special when they do it twice a year.
And you know if you want to see speed runs people are
speed running stuff on Twitch all of the time.
And AG
I want to say Games Done Quick does other things
throughout the year. They have
mini races and stuff like that
that they'll do on those channels.
So there's stuff out there
that kind of
in between all of that but
I do like those events and
it is sad that it's only twice a year
but I understand why.
At least they're doing these mini things too
between TwitchCon and all that stuff as well.
Anyway we are going
to go to our Discord
server and start to take some calls
in our listener roundtable and if you have questions in our chat
room you can certainly do that as well over at
twitch.tv slash vog network.
I know we have somebody already on the line. I have a
feeling this might tie into our last story so let's go to the
phone. Hi you are on Orange Launch Radio
who's this?
Hello you are on Orange Launch Radio who's
this? Uh oh I think
did I drag and drop them into the wrong? Let's try that again.
Hi you are on Orange Launch Radio who's this?
If you can hear me you are currently
muted. I see the mute icon.
So you might want to unmute.
Yay I figured it out.
You got it. It is
our voice over man Jason
who is
Well on most weeks anyways. Yeah not tonight.
I had the good old generic intro because even I
was so freaking busy. We've all had busy weeks.
But how are you my friend?
You were at you were one of those
2,600 people at SGDQ right?
I was one of those
2,600 people at GDQ.
I was one of those oh geez
what was it 70 names in the credits
at the very end of the show? Oh
cool. I didn't I didn't realize they did
they did the credits at the I wasn't able to watch
the end of it so just because
because I've been LARPing I haven't been
able to really watch any of the streams
I'll have to go back and do it on YouTube so
Yeah they if you
I assume you can go back and I don't
know if they'll put it on YouTube
if they'll just kind of like attach it to the
Kruger run but certainly if you go
back and watch the past broadcast
of the very end of the Twitch stream
they had a little
sizzle reel for the
for the end of the show talking about
what it is what they did and
then they had a credit sequence of
all of the staff and all of the volunteers
for the occasion as well.
Well so I'm dying to know
how was your first experience
there because you know it said
156,000 were watching
at the peak on Twitch but only
2,600 are there
in person obviously this is a big
you know fundraiser across
you know virtual channels and television
stuff but I imagine the experience of being
there is something very few
of the viewers have experienced so I'm kind
of curious what did you think seeing it from this
side this time? Yeah
and a lot of people
sis as a recurring theme you
go to any other prominent
convention any anime convention
any gaming convention
on the tier of TwitchCon
on the tier of even like
the ComicCon series
or the PopCultureCon series
as Denver recently renamed to
you go to any other convention that is
intended to pull
big crowds to pull big
names to pull bigger crowds
to pull bigger names
and you have this critical mass
of everything in fun culture
where because this is a
deliberately limited
event in physical
participation
yeah it's at a very
very reasonable number and then
you take that 2,600
you slice it up between people
that aren't there for the whole week
people that go there for friends
the sheer number of like
24 hour event people that are more night
owls people that are more morning people that are
more daytime and you have
this really comfortable
spread where
even though it only takes place on the
single floor of a hotel it
still like
flows smoothly enough
because of the deliberate
limiting
and I should point out Jason
is on the road right now so his
audio may drop a little bit in and out
as it's doing right now Jason sorry I
don't know if the connection is stabilizing there can you hear us
yeah I can hear you just fine
you're just cutting in where are
you right now on the road
I am currently in Nebraska
ok well
the Nebraska internet is
a little wonky but that's alright
so yeah
that's an interesting point is that that number is really
kind of spread out because it's such a long
convention and so forth by the
way you're getting a lot of love in our chat room
for folks saying Jason has the
SJ100 Matt says Jason has the voice
to be a donation announcer not
sure why they didn't catch that
and then let's see Questbuster
says seriously he'd be great as an announcer
hashtag future
goals so
it's a funny funny story like
when you when you sign
up to be a volunteer
you what
they what they actually did first time this year
and specifically for SGDQ
was people applying to
be a host actually did a little
audition they got
Zenny I forgot
his whole username but they got a
Super Metroid runner to make a generic
five minute video and then
they gave a bunch of kind of
sample sample
donations to see if you can spot
to gauge
your ability to read comfortably
but also to make sure that you're not just
going to blurt out there was actually one
suggested donation comment
that said
acted like it was talking about a
character in the metro universe but was
actually making a racist reference
so even though donation
screening is a thing is another
role they also want to make sure that
hosts are reasonable with content
and checking and
and apply you know that much
to the universe and they're not just
literally reading off a script because the
point of the host is is to is to
host is to is to be the voice
I apply and
to be a host I was just outside the
bubble and I think one of the
biggest reasons why I got a little bit of feedback
that was a little weirdly mixed
but one of the things that was a
silly idea in
in hindsight of my own decision was
that I called it super
games done quick which has not
been the name for a good couple of years
and I was kind of
it was kind of a you know on the nose
flashing my OG
status or some crap like
that despite the fact that this was the first time I
attended but that was a
detriment because I'm running the show
and as the host you
have to push the details
admittedly when you're on the show you have a
producer in your ear you're dealing with the crowd
the hosts banter with
the runner and those sorts of things like
you're getting all this feedback but it's
still important that you're in the
culture to begin with
I met
a sporadic erratic
that did the
chrono trigger that was the host for that
final run I met her at that orientation
and then bantered with her
throughout the week and then talked to her after
after it was all said and done
and she got that shift
because she was very much
in with those
runners and considering
that she sang Gato's
song or Gonzalez's
song as it was
in Japanese like
that's a distinct
quality that just
fucking shined for her that was
truly incredible and you get
that with like the
I don't remember the host
for the
Super Metroid Zelda combo
combo co-op but like
that's the strength of
submitting to be a host is not
just your capability to do that production
but also to
had to be in a community
and to be able to be
part of the presentation be part
of the show as it's being done
where possible with the runner get
accepted to the show and everything else like that so
I did apply to be a host I did not get
accepted as many people no doubt
saw I got my
second choice which was enforcement which was
bag checking just
waiting food from the floor I
did a bunch of cleanup of the stream
multiple times picking up latent cups
and all that kind of all that kind of nonsense
I
got relatively easy shifts as well
they were all 8 a.m. to noon
based off the
based off the discussion that was happening
in the in the volunteers channel
things were a little dicey
earlier in the night because you get the
2 a.m. 3 a.m. drunkie
shenanigans and then just kind of
the more critical mass
in the afternoon hours and those
sorts of things my job was
relatively easy all things concerned
but the entirety of being
a volunteer with GDQ was a great
experience not
only not only because this
was my first time attending
and I also got to be part of the production
but also just to be able to see
what's happening on a technical level
interact with the staff meet the staff
everything that they put into it
on a technical level both in
discord generally where volunteers
chat in slack specifically
because that gives us enforcement
a little bit more granular
discussion to be able to shout out a staff
member if we need additional
intervention and those sorts of things
and then
everything that goes on on the stage
being able to banter being able
to meet and talk to the people on
the other on the other occasions
there there was some discussion
about more
significantly known personalities
in other roles that enforcement
kind of had to come in and
come in
serve their purpose serve their role to
dissuade to dissuade
the nonsense that does
happen just not in large
numbers again because of the limited
nature of the events
but it's like it's it is a
I
love the fact that
it is infrequent
as it is with the most
notable events being
AGDQ GDQ and GDQ express
but
also to their benefit they're also
doing things like frame fatales
that they did back in May
hot fixes both interviews and
runs and special sorts of things
to kind of keep
a modicum of
interest in between these sorts of events
but this is truly
becoming
they're they're stepping up content
where possible and always
continuing to be done
for good causes which
as long as that's the number one
goal and drives
their drives
what they are capable of doing
they're going to
you know produce just enough content to
be relevant and continue to do it for
for spectacular reasons
you know it's and the
game's done quick brand is really kind of like
set the bar in a lot of categories
kind of like you know like like you know and continue
to raise that bar in you know not just like
what what is a good
speed running stream kind of look like
what does good commentating on a speed running
stream look like but just the ends of how do
you how do you run an effective charity stream
I mean especially the amount
that they they raised
I mean it's just a huge testament
to this formula that they've refined
over there coming up on 10 year existence
that I think just really speaks to
you know the hard work that all these volunteers are putting in
year round even if we're lamenting that
you know it only happens twice a year it
sounds like that you know production yeah they're working
to year round to really make it a type
of production some
pick up comments in our chat here quest buster says
Jason's leveled up his diplomacy skill
at SGDQ and
as soon as Matt says they also did a
few pickup streams for to benefit
disasters which is also great oh that's
that's definitely true yeah that's
right the the Hurricane Maria
stuff it was that earlier
jeez I don't even remember when that happened but yeah I
completely forgot about the
both the Houston flooding last
year as well as Hurricane Mary
and those sorts of disaster
really yeah I had I completely
forgotten about those without that being
mentioned they're being brought up
Jason let me ask you this since it was
a year that really raised the bar in many
ways what was the mood in the
room like when y'all heard you
hit that three million mark
so truth be
told I actually was not in the
stream room for the finale something
that was super fun was that they
actually had GDQ broadcasting
on one of the in hotel channels
so as long as you were in the same
DoubleTree hotel as the event you could
just tune in and watch from the comfort of your room
which I was doing because my
sleep schedule was very upside down
because waking up at
7 a.m. for an 8 a.m.
shift oh man I yeah
I needless to say I was just up
literally all night did the shift and then
knocked out for the day so I got
comfortable and I'm not I'm not I'm not
truth be told I am not a huge
fan of being in that
type of a situation like with that
the critical mass of people
as much as it is it's still a room
packed full standing room
only of the of the streamer
for the very thing so
truth be told I only saw it
like I did the rest of you however
I did go downstairs
immediately on the conclusion
because that way I could I could seek out
friends like I said I was talking to
Miss sporadic immediately
afterwards as well and I was talking to
some of the some of the specific
failures that were going on during her
shift I don't know if anybody
else noticed this but she accidentally
left the mic on
it was about an hour
and a half before
the finale but before the end of
that run or something like that she
inadvertently left the mic on and she
was actually just talking to
the hosting coordinator right over
her shoulder that was like I don't think
we're gonna it was it was either for a
donation incentive or something like that but she was just kind of like
I don't think we're gonna make this one
and she
said it so quick and then she realized
that she heard it back to the headset and she immediately
just I am so
sorry about that and then
and then killed her headset I
killed the microphone
so I got a little bit of
chuckle out of that and then I ribbed her for it because we were
like I said we were talking a little bit and just
maybe it motivated
the internet out of spite to make that goal
happen
she said exactly the same thing and like
there's no there's no formula for this stuff she was
a little bit for having
to push so many
incentives because there were like
there were like 10 different incentives for Corona Trigger
alone naming every single
character plus a hundred percent
plus the three million push
just in general at the end
plus
Speccio
Speccio in the new battles
just like so many
incentives at the very very end that were just
absolutely ridiculous
to ground
all this money at the end but it was
it was truly remarkable it was truly
an event and they dropped in
they dropped in sponsorship
and Yeti and all that and all
that money I think twitch stuff
happens automatically
maybe not maybe not ads but
like they dropped in a good
400,000 or something
like that in the last 30
45 minutes just kind of cut it off and did it
and yeah to see the
production as it was
ongoing and be able to take that
and apply it to things
that I was just watching after the fact
was a really really fun experience
I'm so excited
to have you in studio again at some point
and hear even more from your experiences
but I'm going to try to wrap up because
I do want to make sure we squeeze in a few more calls here with
our time but best of luck
to you Jason if you decide to try for the announcer
thing again I know it's something that Bobby Blockwell
has talked about pursuing as well
for me personally I don't know
I can't fit in another show in my travel
schedule but you know I support you both
and I
fingers and toes crossed
yeah I don't remember if they
take volunteers for GDQX but
obviously I'm going to be keeping my ears open for that
because I already have my TwitchCon ticket and
I absolutely
intend to do this again next year so thank
thank all of you thank you specifically
and yeah have a great night
thanks Jason drive safe
above everything else I know it's night
time now we'll continue to do
alright thank you appreciate it take
care buddy
alright always great to hear
from Jason here on the show
go ahead and go to another call
hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this
hey what's up guys can you hear me it's Kaijuto
we sure can hey Kaijuto what's on your mind tonight
how much I just have two things I wanted to bring
up real quickly
first the Pokemon remember you guys are talking about
how certain Pokemon are not going to be in
what is it Sword and Shield
oh yes I've heard yes
yeah well
I have a theory on that I've noticed something about
Game Freaks ever since
the Pokemon games been coming out
on the 3DS because that's actually when I really started
getting into the games and like
collecting the games and all that type of stuff like I got
black and white in the DS I think
that was no actually my very first Pokemon game was
Crystal for the game for
the Game Boy Color but that was already like late
in the Game Boy Colors days
so I really started
on the DS and 3DS so anyway
what I noticed was that there's a big
change that happened in the games between the
Game Boy Color days and
the DS going into 3DS and that
it seems like Game Freaks has been really
beginning they've been getting greedy so I know
you mentioned a lot about a third game and
they haven't done a third game in years
what they usually do is they'll either do a sequel
to the two games that already
came out or they'll do like a remake
of an older game so they actually give you like
you know they'll start with the two games
and then like that next year they'll either come
out with a sequel for those two games or reimagining
like what they just recently did
with the past two Pokemon games where they
basically released the same game but with like new footage
or something and uh
I think what's going on with um
with Sword and Shield is they're
looking at DLC I think these Pokemon are gonna
come out in some type of DLC
or some type of like game update that
you're gonna have to pay for I think they're
really trying to uh milk the Pokemon stuff
perhaps I think I don't
know I don't know how the fandom would feel about that
but you know when you're kind of talking about that and then I see
in chat Act Def says
Sinnoh remakes incoming you know
maybe though what what remakes would
they be on they'd be on gen 4 remakes because they
remade gen 1, 2, and 3 and then they remade 1
again but maybe they're they might
use the engine to do some type of like gen 4
remake and then that would include at least
all the Pokemon
from 4, 3, 2, and 1 in that
remake you know and that way
they could kind of sidestep why they haven't included
things later on and then
perhaps that kind of also buys them the time
while there's another you know
Pokemon in the future I don't know
are they allowing stuff from Let's Go to go
into the new game? I don't believe
so I think that's why you have that Pokemon
home that's kind of supposed to be a
kind of catch all for all that stuff
so is it Pokemon Go into the game then?
uh as far
no I don't think your Pokemon from Pokemon Go can go
you can see catching Pokemon in Pokemon
Go is easy and
you're not getting Galar stuff
yet I mean the newest region Pokemon
is not in
say for maybe Meltan
but I don't know about that
so yeah but yeah
I've been really
ever since X and Y
when they came out with the
what was it they did a remake of
Ruby Sapphire or something
like that and I got that one in every
I mean it was a great game but ever since then
I was like oh no Game Freaks
they're going in a totally different direction
they're really going to try to milk this franchise
and I'm just not liking it now
like I said this Sword and Moon stuff
I mean it's really got me thinking that
they're going to try to mooch as much money off of this thing
as they can
I do want to say Act F does clarify in chat
Pokemon Go Mons can be transferred
to Sword and Shield through home but it won't
be every Pokemon I'm so curious
how that because you know like you have the Pokemon
based on like one kind of set of stats
in Go and I wonder how that's going to translate
I imagine if you transfer it from
Go you're not going to be able to get the best stat at stuff
or if they're going to do it from
if they're going to do it from
Go they're going to do it like they did with Go Park
where you have to go catch them again
that could very well be I got you
you got to catch them again that makes a lot of sense
actually
catch them again I like that that sounds like the title for the next game
go catch them again dammit
do it again
I love it
at the end of the day
wait at the end of the day are you picking up
Sword and Shield?
oh no I don't even have a switch yet but even if I did
I think I might
actually bail out of Pokemon this time around
and that's a first for me because
I mean actually I wasn't looking
forward to the next Pokemon game because that was another thing I wanted to
bring up was that they used to take about five
years to bring these things out and now you're just
getting a Pokemon game every year like Call of Duty
and every
year I've been getting more and more sour towards
the franchise so I doubt even if I
had a switch I doubt that I'll be
trying to get the Sword and Moon at least on the first day
usually I get them on the first day but
I doubt I would get that game day one I totally
doubt it even if like I said if I had a
switch or not
alright so real
quickly the Google Stadia I wanted to bring up
please real quick yeah
my main issue with
that is alright so you're
playing these games off of a cloud
you don't actually own the game
you're playing it off a server or whatever
what happens when somebody like
me I buy that little niche game that I
really like but it's not really that popular
and one day they run out of
they run out of space for all the
games that they collect on these servers and then they decide
oh you know your game isn't that popular enough
we're gonna remove it from the system
just to make room for these more popular games
what happens then?
considering Google has been very big on
just let's add more space and the
the cost of or the
technology of data gets
it seems to get like cheaper and cheaper like your Google
inbox just keeps growing and growing and growing and the
amount that they let you put in there like
I've probably actually
gotten enough mail at this point
that Google's original threshold for the
inbox I've probably met but they keep
expanding it so I don't know if the
data and the storage
if that is really going to become a question
but I don't want to discount your point
of delisting because
sometimes it's rights issues
license issues
music issues those things
I think would be a little bit more of a
I might be concerned about that than I would be
the
data side of things so what would happen
maybe if a licensing right or a music right
expired would a game get pulled from
Stadia and then what happens to your money
at that point now I would assume
assume that it's
got to be written into these contracts
with the game makers is that you can't
do that like if you put your game on this
platform you are not going to be able to pull it
for any reason for at least
maybe that like new copies
can stop being sold and maybe that's how they get
around the license thing but you will not be
able to ever pull this game completely
from the service and if they didn't put that
in the contracts they are
yikes
well good thing you bring that up
I just want to bring up one other thing I know that you guys
got to get home and everything but at
least Loki has to get home you're already home so
but anyway
what I noticed Google Play
they're also a part of Google right
like you know like they
they're technically Google right
Google Play on the alright so what I've
noticed is that there's been plenty of games that I
bought off of the Google Play Store
and then one day I
log in and my games are gone
I don't get I don't get
refunded half the time
they're just gone so like I wonder
you know you talk about their space and all that stuff
and like they're just pulling stuff on the
Android store they also do it on
the Amazon too I have the Amazon Kindle
and they remove a lot of games there too and that's
mostly because
developers are just taking them off
for whatever reason or they're not getting updated
I think these are questions that Google
is going to have to take years to prove the answers
to as we kind of referenced earlier and
I don't know I don't know if Google's
going to do it their track record doesn't make me
very hopeful but we'll see we'll
see what they're willing to say in the coming months
especially as you know
the it's about to release and the pro version
comes out and those original numbers about
who's using it end up coming out so we'll
see we'll keep an eye on it well
thanks for taking my call there like I said no
shield and sword for me and no Google
Stadia they can go fuck themselves
alright take care guys you know
alright
alright let's try to squeeze in one
more call here and then we're going to wrap up
for the night hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's this
hello you're on
Orange Lounge Radio who's this you
I notice you are currently on mute so you may
want to hit your mute button if you can hear me
that's the nice thing is that Discord
shows you if they're on mute or not
okay they just flung back to the
other room let's try that one more
time because I saw the mute came off hi you're
on Orange Lounge Radio who's
I'm going to give this one more try if it don't work
this time alright let's try now
hi you're on Orange Lounge Radio who's
okay it doesn't want to work I was going to mention
since I found some more release
aid stuff that's coming out did you know this week
is also Dream Daddy at Dad
Dating Simulators coming to the Switch I did not
it's one of those games I still haven't played
just we'll just add that to the old backlog
let's throw that on the pile
we should just make a storefront called
the backlog where you just purchase games that you
never intend to play
just like throw it over there
I love it that's great
anything else for last
minute stories tonight before we start to
wrap up here at
OLR tonight you know I was
looking for some stuff
I didn't really see
I saw something in like my Google
news feed earlier about
I
had to find the story now because
it was on my phone but it was something to do
with we are going to close up
Discord for the night by the way so sorry if you
didn't get through but please consider leaving a
question in the chat or of course you can always send us an email
to participate at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com it was about
VR and it was Walmart using
it to pick middle managers using
VR
they were using VR training
I don't know what
necessarily they were doing with that but
that reminds me of like that
one I don't know if anyone's seen the game
play video of the KFC
VR game which I totally want to play at
some point I don't know how to get to
it but apparently it's like some VR game
that they have for KFC it's fucking weird
it's like Burger King
games I feel like that came up on the show
not that long ago it was the KFC training
we talked about that on the show a few weeks ago it was a while ago
but yeah it's interesting
it's about time Burger King or
KFC or McDonald's I don't give
a shit who makes a fucking weird ass game
but it's about time that we had some weird
ass games based on food franchises
and I'll be honest it's the
time for VR we need fucking weird
ass creepy shit
food franchise
VR games I just hope I want them now
I just hope the VR training games are teaching them
to double check the order before they
pass it to the customer no I want it fucking creepy
as shit I want it sneak king shit
that this is what I'm looking for
I miss those Burger King games from the icebox
they're so so interesting
so I think back where there is with it
is that backwards compatible yet Emma can I get that
as part of my games with gold
that would be worth it right there
come on Burger King make it happen
oh boy alright anything else for last
minute stories tonight that's all I got alright I think
we're gonna start to wrap up then
thank you guys so much for watching our show
or listening to our show our podcast this week
really appreciate you guys supporting
our show be it through the podcast feed
or our live twitch feed thank you so much
to those that donate a bit throughout the show
or re-up their subscriptions
here at twitch.tv slash vog network
remember if you do subscribe to us
at vog network you do get access to
the video on demand throughout the week
so you can kind of watch whenever you want
if you are interested in the video
audio will be free just like it always
has been for 17 years and we'll continue to do so
if you liked what you
heard here help us spread the word tell a friend
or two about the show we are the show where
every gamer has a voice but we
can't really get those voices and air
them if y'all aren't helping
your friends get here and
participate and
join our community
hosting on twitch goes a long
long way please consider putting vog network
on your auto host list especially if you're
somebody that likes to stream games yourself
that helps a lot
a lot a lot that all being
said I think we can get final thoughts
we're about to wrap up so Loki
final thought my final thought
is I have no
idea what I'm doing for the fourth this year
probably watch fireworks
but I need to play games and work on my game
definitely work on my game
yeah my
final thought is
I hope all the kind words I said
earlier get me a clue to the hidden immunity
just kidding that wouldn't
be fair but that's it
I'm gonna really try to play some more games this
week happy Shadowbringers
launch to those of you that play Final Fantasy 14
I want to get into like more of like the initial
dungeons I didn't get far enough to actually do a dungeon or anything
so I want to try to get to that this week we'll see
so that's it we're out of here
for the night thank you guys so much for
tuning in supporting OLR
we will see you next time
in about seven days Dark
Soccer will be back and happy
Canada Day tomorrow for those of you there
and happy 4th of July for those
of you here in America be safe
be fun and
be nice
have a good week everybody bye
they were all still true
see you next week
you
