This week we've learned that Uno is the most popular Overwatch workshop mode. What better way to cool down from a hectic battle than by skip, drop, forward, reverse and Uno dominating your opponents. This is just one card in hand. Stay tuned for the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio Live tonight with episode number 778 for this June the 2nd of 2019. We are back after a week off.
Celebrating what's going on in video games, gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle here in studio live at twitch.tv slash vog network myself Rob Roberts and joining me as always DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Sup bitches. Hi how are you welcome back. I'm feeling sassy Rob. Yeah are you relaxed and refreshed after a vacation?
Alright let me come back to you in a minute because I also have to introduce. Just two words. Sure. Con crud. Yes we'll talk about that too. Joining us of course you can see over there at twitch.tv you can see to my right but left on tv because everything is backwards. Techmaster Loki.
We're in the mirrorverse. We are in the mirrorverse. How are you doing? I'm fine. You did not have a vacation last week. No I ended up working all weekend for the most part.
I saw you were streaming during OLR's time. You were doing some DVR. Yeah I was just streaming because I didn't get twitch affiliate or something like that but I haven't quite gotten there yet because I need to stream more days.
And I just didn't feel like it this week because the garage is hot again. Summer is coming. So I have been streaming on and off but I'll try to do a little bit more.
Well now she mentioned the downside to traveling is con crud and I know I picked up sick. She picked up sick. How are you feeling? I'm fine but the scare I have right now is that like last week or something like that we got a message that someone at the school has chicken pox.
Oh yeah I saw your tweet about this. I haven't had chicken pox and I'm not with your cool kids that are young and hip and everything like that and have gotten their shots so they don't get chicken pox. I'm just rolling the dice.
Wait have you not been vaccinated? I am an anti-vax chicken poxer. Can't you fix that? I could but I hate shots and I'm too lazy to go down there. You really should think about it.
Yeah I should. Keep in mind you could get shingles instead. I understand that my sister has had chicken pox three times and I've never caught it so meh.
I wouldn't roll the dice. Just suck it up and do it. Fine. Here's the thing. I used to hate shots too and then remember that year that I was really sick. I had the pancreatitis, gallbladder, all that stuff. I had my blood drawn like 500 times so I got used to it. You just have to look the other way.
No I get it. And just not think about it. I get it. And a good phlebotomist. Is that what they're called? A good phlebotomist will talk to you about something else and distract you and not even telling you when they're doing it.
Yeah. Fine. You can do it. Don't be a baby. It's fine.
Just breathe. Whatever. Breathe in and then exhale when the needle goes in.
Over in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network because we do tape live at the voice geeks network twitch.tv slash vog network every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show except last week.
So I hope you all had a good I hope you had a good three day weekend and Memorial Day was good for you guys. And looking in chat S.J. 100 Matt says I think CVS does them cheap also.
Yeah it's I can go and get it done for free at the lab. I mean I'm active simply says don't be that guy. I won't be that guy. I will do it. It's just good boy. Here's a cookie.
Maybe the kids can give you a tip to answer S.J. 100 Matt's question will the DDR overheat in the summer in the garage.
No I don't think so. I don't think it gets I mean it does get really hot out there but it was fine last summer. So I'd assume that it's fine still. But you know then again my other arcade cabinet broke in the garage so I don't know.
It should be fine though. And it doesn't matter if it breaks then I'm just put a new thing in there anyways a PC to put step mania on there so it's all good.
Let's talk a little bit about our our weeks away. It is a video game show and I know you didn't do a lot about video games and I only partially did so we'll just quickly recap our weekend off Dark Sakura. How was your trip.
Oh God. OK. So we got E3 hype coming up but I know some people want to know the personal stuff so let's indulge quickly.
All right. So I got in my car and zoomed on down ninety nine quickly. Yes. OK. So I went to drag con and I went there as a sister and there were sister panels and we cut.
Well the people on the panel got talent badges. So guess who took a talent badge to the green room the last day of the convention. That would be me. I got to meet Nina West.
Nice. I got to meet the Belay brothers. I these are all famous drag queens people that don't know. And I got to meet Loki. Now you may laugh at this because I met Tempest Dujour in line to get a mimosa.
Who was wearing a plastic necklace that said fuck Trixie. Because she's like Oh I like your necklace. What does it say. Mine says Chava because that's my sister name Chava Kiki. Yeah.
And she's like Oh do you like mine. It said fuck Trixie. I was like they're friends though so yeah. They took pictures together. And you know Gia had like the most beautiful set but I don't think I took a picture of it.
But anyway I had a great time. I met so many people. I met Ginger Minj. I met Raja finally.
Did you plug VOG Network with all them queens them gamer queens. Yes I did mention to the gamer queens. Good. Good job.
But I had a great time. And then on Monday I went to San Diego to visit some other sisters who are friends of mine and they took me up Highway 1 at the coast up into Carlsbad and everything. It was pretty beautiful.
And I went to Extraordinary Desserts which is like my favorite dessert place in the universe. And then Tuesday I did Solo Disney.
Solo Disney. We were talking about this a little bit before because I was kind of like oh I wonder if Disneyland would actually be fun by yourself.
But then when you kind of started to make your case I was like yeah you know what actually when you get to do things at your own pace and you're you're not worried about anybody else's agenda and you just kind of get to do your own thing I bet it would be a lot of fun.
And you know what it was fucking fun. Single writer lines. Yeah. And you just missed the Star Wars thing though right. I didn't care about Star Wars shit. Yeah.
I'll go to that shit later. Later after after this stereotypes down. Exactly. So I mean like I finally did in credit coaster. I did the cars right as many times as I want to.
I did single writer on everything I could get away doing single writer on. You know when my neck got stiff I went on Indiana Jones to have it pop my neck like you do.
I did Haunted Mansion. I did I even did the Roger Rabbit thing. So I mean I went into to town. I actually found two quiet spots in the park.
One of them is this little restaurant is called like the Harbor Cafe or something. And it's right across from Haunted Mansion and it's actually really quiet. You can find seating there and it overlooks a bit of the lagoon there and no one will bother you.
It's quiet and lobster rolls and then another little places in to town right when you go in through the gates and then off to the left there's like this little circular seating area and really no one loud goes there.
I think it's like oh my God my kids are fucking driving me nuts place you know. And then the other fun thing is I got my picture taken with their Captain Marvel who she's a little too skinny to be a good Captain Marvel but she was very good adequate.
Yes I was wearing my Captain Marvel skater dress. So she asked me what powers I had and I was like I'm binary era and she just grinned. So apparently she got it.
She's probably heard it all too. Yeah but you know and then I got a kid from it. I got a hug from a two year old.
Wait you took a kid at Disneyland. How much does a kid cost Disneyland.
I got jelly beans to keep my blood sugar up because you can actually there's like a jelly belly selection thing over at the Winnie the Pooh thing.
So I got that trucked back over to California adventure. My feet were kind of dead by the end of the day but there's these two little kids in line and their mama was from Alabama originally and moved to Nevada.
So we were just chatting in line and I was giving her kids jelly beans because it was keeping them from climbing all over the poles and everything.
That's very nice of you to give other people's kids sugar.
Well she was fine with it I asked. But anyway the little boys like will you ride with us. And I'm like well I'll be behind you. I forgot the monster's ink thing is three cars deep.
So I ended up in their car anyway I was like OK. Looks like I'm riding with y'all. And we got to the end and the little boys OK come with us now.
They're like no I'm going to go over to where the champagne is and get adult beverages and Auntie Jamie's got a date with mimosas.
Oh no they have this like lavender lemonade champagne thing that it's expensive because it's fucking Disney but it was good.
I also found out my Starbucks Starbucks app works at Disneyland. Yeah. So anyway but the little girl turns around and looks up at me with these big cute little eyes and those her arms around my legs and I'm like my heart's gonna break.
I normally don't like children but this is the most adorable thing in the universe. And so I got down on my knees and I gave her a big hug after getting the OK from her mama because I don't hug other people's kids without consent.
And her mom's like that is the cutest thing I've ever seen her do. And she's normally pretty shy. So so little little Zoe and little Luke you are the cutest kids at Disneyland and you win all the Disney's ever.
That's a nice story. Yeah. So that that made my day. And then I ran into our friend Bobby who gave me a drive home from not Bobby but no not Bobby Black Lady Bobby Lady Bobby. Yeah.
Who gave me a ride so I didn't have to order a lift. OK. And took me by CVS so I could get something for the dang blister between my toes. Oh no no. I've got a gnarly blister between my toes.
So that was what I did quickly my week. I went to Chicago. One last thing. Bravo Cheese Farm. OK. I went to Chicago. I go about once a year to see my friends out there. I'm pretty tight with some former podcasters and current podcasters that live out there and you know I go out there about once a year just hang out and had a good time.
It timed it this year up with the big Ingress event that was the weekend and it was there was a lot going on because I did a thing Friday night that this thing called Intel Ops which was like it was supposed to be like an escape room but like out in the city.
So it started off kind of neat like all spy games like we got texted a message that said meet this person at this diner at this location. It had a little thing and it said say this phrase to him and I'll say it back to you or whatever.
So we went over there and then the guy gave us a suitcase with a phone in it and then we got another text message that said use this phone to go hack this portal. We're like OK.
And then we got another text message. Now go use the phone to hack this portal. OK. Now go hack this portal. OK. Go hack this portal.
So unfortunately it started off strong but then it just kind of turned into wild goose chase like I felt like I guess they. Meanwhile we heard other groups were like raiding hotel rooms and others so I don't know I think I think they still have some things to work out about making it interesting for everybody.
So it started off really interesting. And then Saturday was the big anomaly event and we lost by four points.
And it's it's going to be a very interesting kind of controversial thing because the play box was a solid green my team and the blue team ended up winning because and I'm not going to complain about the rules I'm not gonna be a bitter Betty because they there was different games going on some of them were a little more invisible like the media game and the hacking the portals game and their strategy was to really push those games as much as they could.
And they were successful in what they did. But I think it is going to kind of cause a discussion about is that kind of what you want the ingress anomaly to be so to be interesting to see like moving forward kind of what that does.
But I'm not you know. Hey they read the rules they had a good strategy. Kudos to them. I'm not going to not go be a bit better about it because I think I actually made an Instagram post it was something like I should be bitter we lost that anomaly but I feel fucking good today.
Like I'm like I'm on vacation. The air is nice today. I'm with my friends. I don't give a shit that we lost. It's just a game whatever.
So yeah that was that was that and then Sunday they do this thing called mission day so I make it sound like I did nothing but play the game and I did do that a lot but I was able to mix in other things in there so like Alan and I went out and had a nice dinner at Benihana which is why I wasn't on Bobby show last week with a call.
We you know got to go out to some clubs and things of that sort so I had a good time. I had a good trip to Chicago. Not a lot of gaming outside of the ingress stuff. I didn't even play Pokemon Go.
Like there was like the shiny lappers thing happened. I was so fixated on what we were doing for ingress and honestly I haven't touched Pokemon Go in days which for me is a lot.
I usually check it once a day. I let my streak go. I feel like I'm level 40. I've caught everything that's reasonable.
The amount of experience you get for the streak is like very minimal anyways and like item wise you know with gifts and everything it's like oh no I'm missing out on the item bonus.
That reminds me I need to send gifts to people and I did go kind of nuts on Pokemon at Disneyland and I did a little bit of ingress but most of Disneyland was green.
So I take that back. Most of Disneyland was blue.
Oh then you needed the bursters.
Wait. No no it was green. Sorry. I'm trying to remember the right color because it's the one that Shane doesn't like.
Anyway. So yeah that was essentially my trip in a nutshell. I'll talk a little more about some of the specific games I played during my gaming week.
We didn't end up going to the barcade or anything like that this time. It was pretty much ingress was the only game I was playing over those few days.
But I played some Switch stuff on the plane and I played some other games throughout the week so I had a good week off.
Except the whole getting sick part like leaving Chicago fucking sucked.
So I mean everything was beautiful during the time we were there but the day we left so we left on Monday Memorial Day and I don't know if you guys heard on the news or whatever.
But like Midway Airport like shut down for like two hours like no flights are coming in or anything like that.
So our flight got hosed. We were delayed going back. We didn't get back to Oakland California until midnight Pacific time which is 2 a.m. central time at that point.
And so I think I didn't get home and crawl into my bed until two thirty Pacific.
Wow. And then I had to work the next day.
Well I was pretty crappy. Yeah I was pretty crappy. But that's that's the risk you take when you book a late flight is that there might especially out of Chicago where there might be you know huge thunderstorms.
But it worked out. So anyway let's get into video games. So it is a video game show. We had to get some of the personal stuff out of the way.
Let's talk about a lot of hype going on. Not I mean we have some news to talk about tonight.
Not as many leaks as I would thought by now. That's very true. But we still have the whole week.
It's quiet right now relatively. I mean I've seen some gaming week news that get pretty busy this week was relatively quiet even past two weeks.
I mean if we had done a show last week there wouldn't have been a lot to talk about. There's a few things not not a lot.
So you know now that we're back this week we have enough to fill out a show tonight but it's relatively light all things considered because E3 a week from today will be underway by the time our next episode is underway.
Microsoft will have said this is our plan for the holiday season with their press conference. So we know some things about where Microsoft's going right Loki.
Yes so they are going to have about 14 games to show off during E3. So you may remember last year they talked about all these different company acquisitions that they did bringing them under the Microsoft Game Studios platform.
And now we're going to see the fruit of that labor.
I'm kind of surprised it's this soon. I would have still given it two or three years.
Not everything necessarily is going to be coming out this year. I assume they could announce stuff that's going to be coming out could have already been in development when they had 2019.
I would say maybe early 2020 you could even see maybe some like later announcements like we still have you know like Halo Infinite that they teased like just so briefly last year and now we'll probably see more of that.
Battletoads was a big battle. Yes. So that'll be awesome. So there's lots of stuff and it's about time because they really need like games on that platform.
They need a reason why I want to buy an Xbox. Although nowadays with everything coming on PC I don't really need to buy an Xbox because my PC is an Xbox in that sense.
So whatever. Win win. Well speaking of hardware do we think we kind of know where Microsoft might end up with that.
I don't know. Are we going to see the announcement of the next platform.
That's kind of where my head is at because I mean could we see because we got a teaser last year. Remember right. They did sort of drop that what Project Scorpion or whatever they're calling it.
They dropped that little teaser right at the end. So you kind of wonder like are we. But wasn't Scorpio the Xbox One X.
Oh maybe maybe I can't even remember. I thought we got a little teaser right at the end that was indicating something else.
Well I think that they're like saying yeah we're working on another console but I don't know. It would be neat to see if that's what we're going to see or that's going to be part of the announcement is some of these games going to be on the next console.
Well the other interesting thing. Remember Microsoft has already said that they anticipate their future games will run on Xbox One.
They're trying to get a little more platform agnostic I suppose is that yes there will be another console that will run the games better, faster, smoother, more graphics and all that.
But that these games will work on Xbox One. It's going to be similar to a PC.
Yeah like well a PC or if you play a game on an iPhone 6 it'll work but it might be a little bit stuttery. You know it might be might have some frame rate problems.
But if you play it on an iPhone 10 or you know the newer ones whatever the 10 are whatever it's going to be very smooth very you know very high def.
I would be curious to see like with these new consoles what they're going to be pushing how they're going to be pushing these consoles because really fidelity right now.
It's I mean granted like I say Xbox One like hardware and even the PlayStation 4 like that stuff is relatively old by today's standards.
But like fidelity wise it's just like I don't know how much better we can really get.
Again graphics aren't everything. You could make the game look immensely pretty but it doesn't mean it's going to be a better game.
So I'd be curious to see what they're going to leverage to try to make people more interested in those platforms you know like modding user generated stuff that would be kind of cool.
I know definitely Microsoft's been more open about that versus Sony which definitely that weighs in a lot if I'm going to be purchasing another system.
For you. For me yeah.
Act Deft in chat says at Twitch TV slash VOG Network the next gen Xbox is called Scarlet. That was the name of it.
So and I could swear we got a little teaser at the end.
Why we are in chat is asking but is fidelity good at 4K and how's the frame rate.
I mean I don't know.
That's Microsoft answer right. Yeah that's that's really I mean 4K looks nice but like it's not everything that's out there is running at native 4K anyways.
I actually think it's very interesting and I'm so curious what the future for Microsoft like three years from now is going to look like.
Because I do think it's very interesting that they are taking and you know now that we're hearing that the focus of E3 sounds like it's going to be games games games.
I think it's very interesting that they are taking the focus off a console like maybe Microsoft will announce a console.
But maybe that's not where they want the focus like they want you to be focusing on these games and the fact that the games you can buy on your Xbox One.
You can buy their little subscription service and play the games there or you can play on PC because we know Microsoft kind of wants to be more a platform.
So maybe Microsoft is starting to kind of dial back how much stock they're putting in their hardware so to speak and really focus.
And it's a very interesting sort of contrast to the expectation I think out of Sony right now not just like something that Sony is putting on themselves.
But if you read about the media you always hear about PlayStation 5 what Sony doing for PlayStation 5.
Oh they're taking this year off of E3 because they're working on PlayStation 5.
And I feel like the conversation when it comes to Sony is very much about this incremental step up where I feel like Microsoft is not setting that same expectation.
It's very interesting to me.
Yeah aside from Microsoft too that's not the only company that's going to be having lots of announcements.
So for example there was a leak from GameStop employees saying that there's like 21 placeholder SKUs for Switch games as well.
So we're going to be seeing I'm sure lots of Switch game announcements coming out of E3 as well.
I'm not super surprised to hear that.
The Switch has been doing really well. Nintendo is not in the same position with the Switch as they were with the Wii U.
They have third party support so I anticipate we're not just going to have first part.
We know we're getting Animal Crossing. We know Metroid something's probably happening.
Probably not Metroid Prime 4 because they're rebooting that right.
But maybe like Metroid Collection and there's probably something we don't know about yet that they will unveil.
There will probably be another type of who knows something.
But then there's probably going to be a bunch of third party stuff.
Sega has been a very big supporter of Nintendo. Maybe a Sonic something something.
We've got Square might continue their relationship and put something who knows like another remaster or something on the Switch.
And you know Bandai Namco I'm sure is going to do something.
So I feel like there's going to be a lot of third party support.
Oh Bayonetta 3. Hello. That's probably a big thing for the Switch this year.
So 21 games when you kind of put first and third party together through the holiday.
That's actually like I know it sounds like a lot and it is but it's kind of like that's that's what I would that's what I would kind of hope for.
Yeah. Yeah. So. All right. Be interesting.
Going to chat for some more comments over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network.
Bobby Blackwell says one of the things I like about the PlayStation 5 is the idea of the faster load times because of the solid state drive.
So if Xbox can copy that idea and also decrease load times that'd be awesome.
Agreed. Yeah. Yeah. I think a very logical step certainly for the system.
YYR saying that's why there's new consoles coming. Also ray tracing will be a thing.
Kaijuto asking how does 4K enhance my gameplay. I'm more into innovating gameplay not the new shiny.
I think it's kind of a different strokes for different folks argument.
I mean like when I play a Final Fantasy game historically you know Final Fantasy is that series I've always thought of as like really cutting edge with graphics right.
And I do get really excited when I see like oh this game looks gorgeous and I think graphics can really like grab your attention.
It is a fine balance. You can't just push like good graphics. You also have to have the gameplay because really it can it can look like anything in the gameplay is not there.
And if the gameplay is not there it's not going to matter.
And we all know in 2019 graphics don't always you know you don't have to have cutting edge 4K graphics to have a wonderful game.
I mean retro style games hello are all the rage right.
Whether they have that game that just came out I think this week Gato Roboto.
Yeah. Which is like you know looks like a Game Boy black and white type game you know it's like an Metroidvania with a cat.
Space cat.
Minecraft continues to be a powerhouse. A lot of these roguelikes are retro inspired.
Minecraft 2. We're getting Minecraft 2 this year. It's part of you know 14 games maybe.
You know I.
Speaking of high fidelity Microsoft when are we getting that 4K texture pack. Is it that the next gen Xbox is the only thing that could really push those 4K graphics.
There's just certain things I've said year after year and this is the year I'm just going to stop.
So when it comes to Minecraft 2 I'm just I'm not putting that out there this year because I've been let down every other time maybe if I don't say it this year it'll happen.
But I agree the 4K pack is something that probably needs to happen first.
Renji221 with a pretty good guess. My guess is we're getting the second smash DLC character during the direct as well.
Let's talk about predictions for a minute. You know in years past we've done a fun little like list list segment.
I don't know if we really I mean E3 is just kind of a different show now than it was several years ago.
We already know like yeah he's not going to be there. We already know certain things are going to be happening.
So but what do you what do you think might be some E3 predictions that we just we don't know yet.
I would think let's see I'd be curious to see what Sony is going to announce. I know they don't really have a presence at E3.
They're doing their own thing but you know they're going to do like probably whatever their direct thing is around the same time.
I'd be curious to see what they have to announce. I'm from Nintendo. I can see another Labo announcement for them.
I'm not going to buy it though because I already have enough cardboard crap laying around my house.
Although we did use it this week so there's that.
Microsoft I really don't know because they've got just so many I think we're going to see a lot of new IPs from Microsoft which is good.
Probably Forza Horizon or Forza 5. I would imagine. I mean it just seems like it's not Horizon. This is no.
No it'd be Forza. Yeah maybe some Mortar Sport I think it'd be up to eight now. Is it. I think it was the last game.
OK. I'm playing. Yeah. Yeah. OK. So Forza 8. What else. I'm trying to think.
I don't know. Can we get some DLC for like Crackdown 3 to make me actually want to play it again because I've stopped playing that game.
I'm not having fun with it anymore. It would be cool if we got some VR thing from Microsoft and maybe do the mixed reality stuff I guess.
But like maybe actually Xbox wise would be kind of cool. I don't know. I just want something like out of left field.
You know what. I'm going to put all my all my chips on the Amico. OK. I need to have all of like the amazing announcements coming from the television side.
That's right. Chuckle. But at the same time I'm super curious like what their plan is. I actually legit want to see some of what they're working on. Yeah.
I don't know. I don't really know would be like really like I want a new Saints Row game can get a new Saints Row game reboot that shit.
All right. I'm going to say I think you know obviously you know Microsoft has very different leadership now and I think they're a lot more in tune with what their players are kind of asking for and what they want than they were historically.
Long story short I think I think a Fable 4 is in the works. Yeah I can see that. I think Microsoft probably knows that role playing games RPGs fantasies is kind of one of their weak points whereas Fable was historically a strong point for them.
And I wouldn't be surprised if they gave Fable to one of their other. Well didn't do wasn't speaking of horizon wasn't the thing that turned 10 was working on an RPG or something.
So I don't know I kind of I feel like Fable 4 is going to be a thing if not that then Microsoft's got some time maybe because of Molinu not really being involved anymore which may not be a bad thing.
Oh who cares. Maybe they're going to maybe they're going to launch a new IP that's a new RPG. Yes I'm sure I'm sure Fable is just going to suffer from Molinu not being part of it.
No but it might be complicated in using Fable. If they do a Fable it has to be completely off the rails. Oh sure. Completely. Oh you mean like a role playing game like a real role playing game.
Oh you oh you want it to be more like Dragon Age. OK. Although I would totally be down for a medieval saints. Right. Yeah actually it's just so stupid that I love that.
I did evil Saints Row would that be fun. Monty Python the Holy Grail like as a game. And then at the end you get arrested by the police and then a moose fights your sister.
I could I could be down with that. I love I love the absurdity. Dear Eric Idol. Talk to your buddies. But like it can't be seen. So it's got to be like its own franchise but like Saints Row just medieval.
OK. It would be called Saints Row. Jamie what about you as far as like what do you what do you hope. I mean we know we're not going to see anything from Sony but we know we've got Square probably talking about the seven remake.
We've got Nintendo. Twenty one possible titles. We've got Microsoft with four about Bethesda. What do you think Bethesda is going to be announcing during our show that we're not going to stop for.
What other continents are there. Let me come back to that. In the world of Elder Scrolls. Oh well we know we're not getting Elder Scrolls. Oh and Elder Scrolls online expansion.
Oh yeah probably. Maybe. Yeah. I don't know. I really kind of stopped predicting certain things just because I've developed this sort of thing that I want to be.
You set an expectation and then ultimately get let down when you use many predictions. I want to find only I want to be delighted by something you know you're getting Animal Crossing.
So yeah that's really all I give a shit about. But in the end though I really want to be pleasantly surprised by what comes out. I want it to be a oh well I wasn't expecting that instead of me going oh you're going to do this it's going to be great and it ends up being shit.
Well let me ask let me ask you this since you are such an Animal Crossing fan. Do you think. Don't die. Excuse me for animal still getting over a cold. Do you think for Animal Crossing on the switch. Do you think Nintendo is just going to stick to that formula that's worked that they've kind of kept kept with all the other games.
Yeah makes it up. They've tried to do something different every time. What I would like to see for Animal Crossing switches for it to be a combination of all the previous ones. I want the town. I want the customizable little shopping area that you can make yourself like a new leaf.
New Leaf was really I think one of the best of the series. I also wouldn't mind seeing if they were going to say put a Nintendo games in there but not have them be any us have them be like a DLC sort of thing where you can buy like certain Nintendo arcade titles.
Why should I have to. I mean granted the DLC stuff but like if I'm paying for that online pass thing I already have the Nintendo titles that are part there. Why can't I just bring those in. Yeah incorporate then game and watch or something. Oh that'd be cool.
Yeah you find game and watch things. Yeah I'd like that. You know or I think like for some of the you remember how you could get the old Nintendo toys like the was the ultra the ultra stack or whatever that you can get those toys and actually be able to play with them or something or having learned how to put in you know and have it be like a Nintendo themed deck or something.
OK. Or you know have it. I just think that there are other things that they could do that there's been the potential to do and actually do it well. And on top of that why not even incorporate the board game.
You know what's that game that I bought and played like four times the Mass Effect. No the Nintendo the Animal Crossing amiibo one amiibo festival. Oh yeah yeah. And then have like you can have a job as a happy home designer.
Why not incorporate all of it together or have it like stream you're like take your saves or something and be able to sink it over to your switch and or your pocket camp integration.
OK. That'd be cool. That would be cool. And then you could do like the your pocket camp could be like your island. Yeah. Oh bringing back the island like that. I don't trust Nintendo to do online.
I was like I was like that'd be cool. We'll see. We're talking Nintendo here. I know all those expectations are down down.
But I mean those are things that I would love to see in an Animal Crossing. I think it would be a lot of fun. It would added especially then given. Sorry I'm dying to especially incorporating in just all the other things that they have out there all of their other tools that they brought in the previous animal crossings and then go back to
look on YouTube. There are things that didn't carry over into other animal crossings that I think they could look back to the past things that people loved and bring those in.
You know you could have more transitional seasons for example you could do you know a deep sea fishing rodeo I don't know because they love fishing and bug catching and shit.
I just hope online's a little more seamless as opposed to having to go open the gate and close the gate. I want to go hit the citizens in Dark Soccer's town with a bug net whenever I want just bad luck.
So anyway all right. By the way I had a heart attack because I thought Ed had shown up in pocket camp. But no he's a unicorn and he's fine. His name is Julian.
Ed is Dark Soccer's least favorite animal to have ever crossed. And I want my lesbian back. Dina. Dina who is the gym teacher. All right look.
Enough Animal Crossing for now. Here's what we're going to. So one week from tonight OLR will be back at our usual time six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern. Here's the thing. In years past we have paused the show for Bethesda's press conference.
However this year they've changed the time so that they are starting at five thirty and assumably going to about six thirty or seven. We don't know. I'm making a judgment call this year we're not going to stop the show for Bethesda's conference because we know we're not getting starfield.
We know we're not getting Elder Scrolls six. And that's not to knock the things that we are going to hear about. But I think there are things that we can kind of you know Loki's looking at all sorts of things that laptop. I'm sure he'll have Bethesda's thing.
If there's something we need to know about he can pipe in as the show is going. But otherwise I think we're going to just do a normal show next week. But here's the other thing. This time next week we will know Microsoft's mysteries. We will know these 14 games because Microsoft is going earlier in the day they're going in the afternoon.
I will not know because I know I will be here. I won't know until the show because I'm going to be working pride. Oh that's right. SAC Pride.
Pride is it's Saturday and Sunday and the sisters are working with talent. OK. So so next week we'll get to say hi to Lizzo for you.
I love Lizzo. Anyway next week I will we'll get to play a fun game here in studio called tell Jamie what she missed at E3 and we'll gauge her reaction. Maybe if I have time I'll try to put together a little slide show and we can put things up on the TV.
Maybe I'll show up in face. I don't want to come up here and I'll be wiping the face off when I come here. It'll be Jamie with like no makeup and white streaks all over from my back in the chair and they can hardly see you anyway.
I'll go on cam if I'm in face. All right. I'll show people what a sister looks like. You know what a sister of perpetual indulgence looks like. Anyway. So yeah. Next week business as usual as far as our schedule. I've talked to Bobby Black Wolf. He was thinking he's not going to. He's business as usual for Bobby as well. So we will update you on Bethesda what's going on there as the night goes on.
But I'm not expecting none of us are expecting anything where we're going to suddenly just stop the show and go Oh my God out of Bethesda. So yeah. My expectations are very high there. I mean not and not to poop with their offerings. I'm sure there's going to be a new Elder Scrolls Online expansion. That's great for the fans of that game. There's probably going to be with the Wolfenstein Wolfenstein will be something something for Fallout 76.
You know something to fall out. I could see a new Vegas remastered or like Oblivion remaster or something like that. But like I mean I am not expecting anything new. Like I don't know. So what we won't know this time next week we will not know Nintendo's offerings. They are not going until they don't go till Tuesday morning right. Yeah. Monday was always the Sony day which is Ubisoft still doing there.
I believe Ubisoft is Monday morning and squares where it's going to take any spot Monday night. The only other person on Saturday EA will have gone. So if there is a Dragon Age thing for Jamie we'll know that on Saturday.
Oh if there's a Dragon Age thing though I will be looking for that because I want to punch soulless in his face. Yeah. So that's really what issue we call Dragon Age 4 punch soulless in the face.
All right. So that's that's where E3 is at. So E3 hysteria will be underway one week from tonight. We'll at least be able to recap Microsoft kind of Bethesda as it's going on and Bobby clarifies Ubisoft set Monday at 1 p.m. OK.
That's what. So I'll be watching that work. Who was always Monday morning was Ubisoft the first thing on Mondays. No it was. Yeah they were kind of pretty early in the morning I think. And then EA used to go on Mondays too.
Sometimes. Yeah it was like during the day I think. Yeah I feel like at one point I felt like Microsoft was the first thing Monday morning I think a couple of years ago they moved back to some Bobby says in chat that squinting is Monday at 6 p.m.
OK. Nintendo's Tuesday at 9 a.m. is Saturday at 915 a.m. OK. That's all kind of what I was thinking actually. So yeah I just I always thought there was another oh the P.C. show. That's a Monday thing in it. Are they not doing it. They're doing it this year.
Yeah. But we don't. I mean have we ever gotten anything that made us scream out of the. No no. But when's the Volvers. When's Devolver Digital.
Devolver is at the end of our I believe they're Sunday night towards the end of OLR. OK. Yeah. So that's really where it's at. All right. Yeah. Bobby clarify Sunday 7 p.m. So all right. Thank you. Bobby's given us all the updates in chat. This is this is a Bob. Bobby's the manager here.
Yeah. It looks like P.C. game shows in the morning. All right. OK. So the P.C. game show I think took a space that we used to be something else. But anyway we'll we'll deal with all that. So we'll talk about E3 and what's going on next week here on the show and of course reacting with you guys here.
What I haven't talked to Bobby about so. So Bobby and I both have day jobs as well as you know everybody else here in studio. So we can't really do like a live thing for Nintendo although I believe some folks will be gathering here in the chat room and we'll be hosting Nintendo's thing.
But for Square Enix we might be able to do something. So I'll talk to Bobby about that later if maybe we want to do a video thing during Square Enix and and do that. That thing which I usually don't like where people talk over the press conference and all that stuff.
But I think I think we can put our own spin on it and not have it be so irritating. I'll never forget the year I found. Oh finally somebody is streaming the Nintendo thing and it's just some guy going this looks like shit. Fucking Nintendo would need to put all this shitty stuff.
And I'm just like oh my God delete your account. Like why are you streaming if all you're going to talk is shit about this. Anyway.
S2100 Matt says a post show sass fest. Maybe something like that. But a little but but sass like like the good kind of sass.
So the sass and Creed sass and Creed sassy screen. Thanks I hate it. All right. Let's move on that you know I'm fabulous here. Let's get into our gaming week and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Dark Sakura how was your gaming week. Did you get to play some games on your trip. Well it's been two weeks. Maybe I did some ingress I did some Pokemon. I did a lot of Pokemon go actually.
And of course you know Animal Crossing pocket camp. You know it's all just stuff I had on my phone.
I don't really get to do any like constantly things although Dan and I we've been working you know trying to get this stuff together to do our stream but we have to get the this thing set up on our CRT and we just read it our office.
So we're debating if it's going to be Symphony of the night. But I kind of want to do the Saturn version so I can just play through the whole thing as Maria.
Or you know we were thinking of a link to the past. So we haven't decided. I'm thinking I'm leaning toward Castlevania I've been watching a stream of it and I was like fuck I love this game.
Why is this bitch using the heavenly sword and not getting the yes it sooner which is the best fucking weapon in the game. You get that and two rings of Varda. You are a whiz.
No one can stop you. Have you picked up the Castlevania collection. No you should.
It's fun. I don't know. I know. I mean we've already got all of those games on other things. Yes it's sort of like what's the point. I guess that's true. I'm looking forward to the Japanese update that's going to let me play like the Famicom version of Castlevania 3.
That'll be cool. That would make it worthwhile because we were even talking about that that you know when you go to fight in Symphony of the night when you go to fight.
Grant and Saifa and Trevor Grant can throw his his knives whereas in the US one in Castlevania 3 you could throw them in Castlevania 3 the Japanese one but in the US one it was stabby stab.
Quest busters reminded me in chat that a blood stained is happening this month. I forgot about that. Blood stained is happening. Exciting. And that will be stellar.
Anything else for you Dark Sakura. Let's go to Loki. How was your gaming week. I played a little bit of Dance Dance Revolution this week and been trying to get back into that again.
And I also did bust out a little bit on the Oculus Rift. So I played I tried Minecraft in VR. It was all right. It was neat. Just messing around and creative in that.
I didn't like the one thing I didn't like about it though is I was trying to use the crossbow and wherever you would think intuitively that like wherever you're pointing is where you should be aiming the arrow but it was like aiming it like where I was looking sort of but not quite.
And so you can never really hit anything with it which is kind of annoying. And then I tried the they have this like free like VR experiencing for Coco. So I tried that and I couldn't figure out what he wanted me to do.
It's like go on stage. I'm like OK I don't know how to get there. And like that like I was walking around doing all the crap that they wanted me to do and I couldn't fucking figure it out.
So I deleted it because this is stupid. And then what else. A little bit of vacation simulator. I'm playing that. It's not as fun as job simulator unfortunately. That's the bad thing.
But it's all right. And then. Yeah that's pretty much it. All right. My gaming week. So I talked about my weekend in Chicago and all that anger stuff so that was that barely touched Pokemon Go as a result.
But that's OK. I kind of need something really to excite me about Pokemon Go again and these raids are do I mean I did I did I will say I did one Pokemon raid in Chicago.
Some site some type of Abraham Lincoln statue. We were walking around this park one day. I was actually with Misty or she met us in Chicago and hung out with us for a little bit one day and we did a Pokemon raid at some at Lincoln Park.
We did a statue raid and that as Zell for whatever it is I didn't catch it. I was frustrated. This is probably the one time I'm going to get to raid this thing and there it goes.
But hopefully somebody will take pity on me and train me one. We'll see. But otherwise that's that's really it for that game.
So I've been playing a little bit of the Castlevania collection on PlayStation 4 because I picked that up right when it came out.
I've also been playing a little more Final Fantasy 14. There's an interesting event going on right now which encourages you to do some of the older content.
It's probably to help get people in the queues for that old content to help everybody get caught up for the new expansion that's coming out of the end of month which by the way I would bet that Microsoft getting Final Fantasy 14.
That seems like that's got to happen sooner rather than later. It seems weird that they still don't have it especially now in this era of like cross play is not really an issue anymore.
Everybody's kind of let down their guard on that. Like I don't know what's holding back on Final Fantasy 14 and Xbox One. So I would think that's going to be a thing that happens.
But anyway I've been playing a lot of Diablo 3 as well. I usually there's one Blizzard game I'll start playing the shit out of for a month or so.
And I was starting it the last time we talked but without a power level I got all the way to 70 and I think I'm paragon 50 now.
And I just cleared my level 20 greater rift so I can get my six piece set in Diablo 3. For those that play the game and understand exactly what I just said. I just did all that stuff.
So I've been having fun with that. While I was on my flight I enjoyed the classic NES library because you know once you check in online it's good for seven days.
So I was able to play on the plane so I was playing I was playing Super Mario 2 quite a bit. That's kind of like my go to NES game that I'll do a play through every few months or so.
Like let's go kick warts ass because it only takes about not even an hour to get through. It's a pretty fast game if you use all the warp zones.
So I played a little bit of that on the plane and I was playing some other Switch games too. So I played Tetris 99 offline.
You can do that with the new big piece DLC or whatever it is that they released. So I was able to play that on the plane a little bit against computer opponents.
And I can win when it's the computer. So that made me feel really good. I won a match on that. So that was pretty exciting. Otherwise that was pretty much my gamer week. So there's that.
So yeah. Looking in chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network. Run Jump Stomp I believe this comment is about Final Fantasy 14 saying the thing that's holding its back is Sony I'm sure.
But this time unlike Final Fantasy 11 when Play Online was kind of like a joint venture between Sony and Square. Sony doesn't really have a thing with Final Fantasy 14.
I mean because Sony excuse me Final Fantasy 14 was always playable with the console PlayStation and PC. Sony never had a problem with that end of it probably because they know it's like more like an MMO and this is what Square wants to do.
It seemed like Microsoft when 14 was being developed was the holdout. But you know 14 started development six seven years ago and I just think the cross play rules have changed a lot.
I kind of don't think I guess that's my really long winded way of saying when it comes to Final Fantasy 14 specifically that game I don't think it matters what Sony wants.
I think Square already has the buy in for Sony to do cross play on that because 14 has always supported the PC and the PlayStation at least since Realm Reborn.
1.0 was garbage and wasn't even on the PlayStation 3 or 4. But ever since Realm Reborn.
Let's see I guess that's it. That's it for my gaming week. Let's get into some gaming news shall we?
Yes. All right. So this is a pretty what the stream accidentally cut out because my fat finger hit the wrong button.
And so we're having an issue where the stream is cut out and it is completely my fault and I'm going to hope we're back online shortly.
But go ahead and start the next story for us Loki. All right. So this is pretty exciting.
But apparently they're going to be bringing the bringing Xbox Game Pass to PC finally because I've been asking for this to happen for the longest time.
So that's pretty cool. So what they're going to be doing is a little bit different than how it's working on the Xbox One.
But there'll be I guess 100 games which will be playable on many of which are on Xbox One.
But of those also a lot of them are going to be these Universal Windows apps that will support different Windows 32 applications.
And they're going to have other third party games in there as well.
So like from Deep Silver, Sega, Devolver Digital, Paradox, Bethesda, that type of stuff.
And I'm going to stop you right there for just a minute because we're going to do just a quick little thing here that I'm going to have to edit in post-production to try to fix our stream tonight.
But we will be right back. So after a little tech fail, we are back.
Yes. So lots of different third party publishers.
And of course, you know, just like the Xbox One, you're also going to get the day and date stuff like the brand new games.
Gears of War five. They mentioned the Age of Empires one through three definitive editions.
They're also going to be getting in the Master Chief collection on PC.
And then I would assume, you know, whatever new games they announced this year, those are going to probably be day and date with this stuff.
So I don't know. It sounds pretty awesome. I don't know when this is going into effect, but I guess we're supposed to learn more about it.
Probably during E3. So in like a week or so.
That would be a very logical time for them to explain everything about this on the PC.
So I'd be curious. But I mean, that sounds like a good deal to me. It sounds like a good deal was on on the Xbox One.
I just on Xbox One. So I was like, I'd do it if it was on PC.
Well, now it is. I think. Yeah, I I'm I'm excited to see what it is on PC.
I'm I would probably pick this up if I can do it on PC. I would love one that's both.
Do you think it'll be both where if I pay once I can get it on both sides? Because that would be amazing.
I think there's different things on the PC one, so maybe they will.
But or maybe if you like to subscribe to it, you get this on PC and this on the Xbox. I don't know.
I'd be OK with that. I guess we'll find out. Yes. We stay tuned for the press conference.
All right. Sounds good. Moving on to a story over on the Nintendo Switch and Super Mario Maker 2.
So some more details came out on Super Mario Maker 2. Some of them good, some of them not so good.
So let's start with the bad news, because this was all over Twitter and had a lot of people going WTF, Nintendo.
Give me a break. Super Mario Maker 2 will limit the online multiplayer to random players only.
You can still play with your friends if you play local wireless play.
But a Nintendo representative explained Nintendo's reasoning is that with global leaderboards,
the matchmaking for a competitive play would be compromised if you could play with friends.
That limitation also extends to co-op play as well, despite those not being leaderboard driven.
So they couldn't have just if you're playing with friends, have maybe just not put those on leaderboards or will pop up that says no one has friends.
Rob, here's here's the thing is like the local the local play that they have is unranked anyway.
So you couldn't put unranked in multiplayer as well online.
I know it's it's I don't get it.
It's it's because I know it's because we just don't want to build matchmaking servers is what we don't want to do.
And so we're just going randomly. But but then again, I guess you can play Mario Kart with your friends and you can do Splatoon with your.
Does it make sense? Although you couldn't at first, but there's.
Well, here's the thing, though, like they're trying to like solve a problem that's not even there yet.
And like you would like I think they did something similar, like Splatoon 2, where they tried to like limit you in certain ways that you can play on there.
But it still didn't stop the people from hacking the game and cheating like crazy.
It's not going to stop it here in Mario Maker either. It's just going to be people are doing it in other ways and not necessarily playing your friends to exploit stuff.
I just think it's you're trying to solve for a problem that's not even a problem yet.
And on top of that, hopefully there won't be any like related voice business with any of it, because I'm sure as many other people of the female persuasion know online play is a very toxic environment.
Well, even if there was Nintendo, you have to jump through loopholes by using their app to get voice chat anyway, which most people don't bother with.
So it's kind of assumed that most people aren't using voice chat. Most people that game on the Switch with their friends and the game and the games allow you to do that, just use Discord or something or a Skype call or something.
Right, which is but if you won't be able to play with your friends.
Yeah, it's an it's again putting someone into a toxic environment.
Oh, yeah. And I wouldn't I would never use voice chat with playing with randos and I'm probably not going to use the feature to play with randos.
It's not really something I'm interested in doing. But like I was really excited about the potential of going live on Twitch and doing a co stream with Bobby or Delvin or one of my streaming friends, and we could stream a level on Mario maker together.
And that would have been really fun. But now we can't do that because this design is stupid. So I'm hoping it's one of those things that they're going to fix pretty quickly out the gate.
You know, to be fair, again, I don't think Splatoon had it right away and they ended up building it in. So maybe the same.
You can always add it later and be like, we listen to you. We listen to you.
Part of our roadmap all along. Yes. Anyway, so maybe some good news.
The roadmap to help. Some good news. You know, I said the bad news. Here's some good news.
So all the building features in Super Mario Maker 2 are unlocked from the start.
So you don't have to actually unlock things as you go or anything like that.
The level builder will have all of the features unlocked from the start. So you don't have to worry.
You know, even though there's like a single player mode or you're rebuilding the castles, nothing's going to be locked.
Yeah, that kind of sucked the first time or any other kind of like time jump and stuff in order to unlock things.
So that's that's some good news, I guess, to kind of, you know, say say something good to go with the bad.
I haven't now what I haven't heard is is all that amiibo stuff coming back?
I don't think so. Oh, that's a bummer. I kind of like that. Yeah, I don't think there's any amiibo support whatsoever.
Oh, no. Where you can get all the different Mario skins. No, I don't think that they have that.
Oh, that's kind of that's sad. I'm not kind of like I understand that people are not crazy about amiibo, but I was cool.
You could do and it wasn't all amiibo either. There was like competitions online that you would if you cleared a certain map, you would unlock a skin that you could.
Yeah, I like that stuff. I'm kind of I'm pretty sure I read that it's not.
Yeah. Chatters chatters are echoing that, saying no amiibo support amiibo are done.
Why? I don't know. Amiibo is not done. They're still putting out the new smash ones.
They just they just put one out. Was it that they're afraid that someone's going to find like, I don't know, like hack an update or something like that and spoil the surprise of new amiibo?
I don't know. It seems like a reach. I just I liked that you could have all those.
You would think they already put it in there for the first game, at least support the same.
Oh, whatever. Maybe maybe it has something to do with not wanting to do the skins for other configurations.
But it was always only the retro anyway. You couldn't play those those different like skins. They were only for the eight bit Mario.
Well, yeah. And on top of that, you know, too, they also have that preorder bonus.
It's only in Europe now, which doesn't make any sense either. There's a lot of weird stuff with Mario maker right now.
So I hope Nintendo kind of gets on the right path and gets that all figured out because this game's out of the we're in June now.
Right. This game's out at the end of the month because it's coming out for my birthday.
So I'm excited about that. So. All right. Well, there you go. Super Mario maker to Dark Sakura.
What do you have for us? I have naps, lots and lots of naps and some disappointment.
Pokemon sleep. Have you heard of it? It's what the opposite of go is.
It helps you level your pokey man's while you sleep in. It's a sleep monitor.
Pokemon, go take a nap. Yeah. Pokemon, go take a nap. Pokemon, go to bed. I wanna.
And of course, that's why we have all the Snorlax's sees all over the place because of sleep.
But, you know, they missed an opportunity because they have a sleeping Pikachu and it should have fucking been Jigglypuff with a mic singing you the fuck to sleep.
It's set to come out in 2020 and it's going to work with a little thing called the Pokemon go plus plus.
That's the name of it. The good Pokemon go plus plus. Which will have a sleeping tracker, which you would then put by your pillow for it to monitor your sleeping.
I'm pretty sure that since the Pokemon go app works on Apple Watch for now, that's coming up later in the show.
That hopefully they would see the well, maybe value of partnering since adventure sync is a thing in Pokemon go using your watch data to walk your Pokemon.
Maybe it will use your watch data or whatever. We keep saying Apple Watch because Jamie and I are Apple people, but I know you're a Fitbit guy.
Same thing, right?
I have a workaround, but it works with adventure sync.
It's the same thing. Maybe the Fitbit. Just Fitbit monitor your sleep. Does it have a little light to do heart rate and all that stuff?
Yes, if I wear this at night it will monitor my sleep.
I use this to monitor my sleep. I charge my watch and I'm in the shower and I charge it because we all know that when you go to bed, you're really lying in bed playing on your phone for 30 more minutes.
So I will charge my watch while I'm in bed, but not in bed yet. That's enough to get my watch through the day.
I let it actually monitor my sleep and it's very interesting.
Yesterday, I didn't talk about this, but I also went to an Ingress thing yesterday called First Saturday and I walked a lot yesterday.
I walked like five miles and I was doing a lot of micro-fielding and stuff and I got my heart rate up.
So when I slept last night, my heart rate decreased by 28%, which is really good.
So that's something that my sleep monitor kind of tells me.
It's interesting. It's not life-changing, but it's interesting.
If I didn't have to sleep with a brace on my left wrist, which is the wrist I wear my watch on, I might give that a try.
So no guarantee that watches or Fitbits or any of it are going to work.
It's still stupid though that I should buy another app. Even if, let's just say, I have a Gotcha, but I don't have the Pokemon Go Plus or whatever.
But now I have to buy another one to use this?
Yeah, it's going to be like $35.
So no, that's not going to happen. And it better work on my watch.
Yeah, I'm interested if it works on my watch. I'm not if I have to buy yet another accessory.
And how's it supposed to work anyways? You're not even wearing it.
Well, as I was going to say, it actually is being developed by Select Button that worked on Magikarp Jump.
And basically it's supposed to, you connect it to your phone, for the Go Plus Plus anyway, to send your sleep data as you sleep wearing it.
Although it said something about like putting it beside your pillow as well.
That's what I'm deaf saying in chat. It isn't one that you wear, you put it by your pillow.
How the hell does that work?
There are sleep monitors that work under your pillow.
And Bobby is mentioning something about that he has a sleep monitor in the bed. So I'm sure there's like mattresses that do that too.
Smart mattresses?
Yeah, something like that.
Yeah, I know.
That's scary.
I'm sure it's a thing.
No, there are. It was called like Bedom or something or bed something that was a smart mattress to monitor your sleep.
We detected sex. We're going to add it to your exercise for the day.
Bobby in chat says sleep IQ is what they call it on sleep number beds.
Yeah, but on top of that, there are monitors that you put under your pillow that actually track your movement in your sleep.
Like how often you're moving around. If you fall into REM sleep, you don't move ideally unless you're just, you know, an active sleeper.
We've detected only half the weight in the bed tonight. Did you make your husband sleep on the couch? Yes or no?
At any rate, it's interesting. I'm probably going to give it a try. Okay, so yeah, this thing is it's actually 40 bucks, I think, for the for the thing.
I'm hating it more and more, Jamie.
And then, yeah, and of course, then they also talked about, you know, bringing out Switch games, but they said something about a cloud based service called Pokemon Home that lets you link your phone and your Switch so that you can do your Pokemon together.
Huh? I wonder if we didn't put enough about it here. We have a Pokemon direct on Jenny coming up in this next week, I think just before E3.
So that's another thing that we'll be talking about next week's show is that we'll know a little more on Pokemon Gen 8.
And maybe when they talk a little more about Pokemon Sword Shield, they might explain that a little better than they have. Don't forget about Pokemon gun.
I'm still waiting for Pokemon gun. Here's the thing. Act F in chat says 40 US dollars doesn't seem that bad. You're right.
But here's here's the problem I'm having. So we had the Pokemon Go Plus the first year. Do you have any tacos that would be?
Then last year it was the Pokemon Go Ball. The Ball Plus. The Ball Plus. And now it's a Pokemon Go Plus. I'm sorry. No, no, we're done with hardware.
Exactly. I bought the Ball Plus thing just to play around with that one game and I've used it before as a Pokemon Go Plus type thing.
I have a Gotcha. I'm not buying another piece of hardware because I already have some of the monitors, but I don't need to wear two things.
She doesn't have any of that shit. I won't blame Nintendo for the Gotcha because that is a third party device that they probably don't like. Let's be real.
I'm not going to count the Gotcha against them. But you know, the reality is I'm just I'm not interested in another piece of Pokemon hardware for this.
If it does something in addition with Gen 8 or something, maybe I'll revisit. I want the Eevee Tamagotchi.
But for now, I just think Pokemon Sleep ought to work with Watches and Fitbits.
I think it should.
An act-deaf confesses in chat, I'm a Poke Plus whore. Alright, well then that's all. You know what? From somebody who has bought Mass Effect 3 four times, I'm not going to criticize you. You do you, boo.
And also I have to see what exactly the advantages. How is this going to tie in with Pokemon Go? I mean, like what advantages are we getting for paying $40?
I'm going to wait for the IRL reviews.
Fair enough.
But I'm probably not going to get it because honestly, I don't fucking need it to enjoy my Pokemon games.
Fair. Alright, more to come probably next week after the big Pokemon Direct that we know is coming this week. So in the meantime, we will move on with another story. Loki.
So this is kind of neat. Google is basically putting out new Play Store policies requiring game developers to show players what the chances are of getting items contained in loot boxes.
In random loot boxes, I should say. And part of this, I guess, it says that apps offering mechanisms to receive randomized virtual items from a purchase, i.e. loot box, must clearly disclose the odds of receiving those items in advance of purchase.
So apparently, Apple has similar rules already for at least a few years. But it's interesting to see that this is something that is being forced on multiple's friends now.
Which is good because they also have legislation going in that's supposed to remove these types of microtransactions as well.
So yeah, it'll be interesting to see what effect this has on mobile games. Because there's a lot, Jesus Christ, tons of mobile games with loot boxes. So we'll see what this does.
There's a lot, but I will give Google credit here because I believe it was on the last episode, or the one before, we were talking about how the US Senate or House is looking to step in and regulate this.
And I said, it is up to Nintendo, Sony, and the ones that run the store. It is up to them at this point to solve this problem, or the problem will be solved for them.
So I will give Google this. They are trying to solve the problem. So I'm going to give polite applause. It's very polite so you might not be able to hear it.
But I'm giving polite applause to Google because this is the direction we have to move in, or the government is going to try to solve it. We don't. This government doesn't solve problems. They create problems. We know that.
So this is a good thing. And you're right. There's a lot of stuff on mobile that does. Now I don't think this can be the only thing that we do. And obviously the other consoles have to figure something out here.
But this is a good step by Google. And we have a big Apple event coming next week as well. We're starting to get rumors about iTunes might be replaced. There's other stuff we're hearing out of Apple. Maybe Apple could do a similar thing.
Thank God. I hope it happens.
Apple could go a similar direction. They may announce this at the developers conference. We'll see.
I can see.
We need to get an update on this Apple Arcade and all that.
Yeah, the Arcade stuff. Definitely. As far as the loot box stuff, Apple's had this in place since 2017. So they've had that restriction. I'm curious to see so many announcements.
SSJ 100 Matt in chat says EA has to get on board. They're the problem. I agree with you to an extent SSJ. But consider this. They actually don't have to get on board. Not after what Google just did. So guess what? As far as Android devices are concerned at this point, EA is now on board. Because Google changed it. Does that make sense?
So if PlayStation, Apple, Nintendo, if everybody follows. Well, I'm just saying as far as like the odds, one part of it. I'm not saying the problem's gone. Yay. But this one part of it that could go a long way.
Well, yeah. In order to be on the Play Store, they have to do that. But then again, you know, you have games like Fortnite and stuff. They have their own launchers that you do it externally. So EA could just sidestep the whole store, put out their own store that you download through the Play Store and then or even externally and then sell their games through that.
And not have to abide by that. But then that would also look kind of shady. Yeah. It'd be like, well, why aren't you disclosing these odds? Because we're assholes.
Some comments in chat about the Apple stuff. Act F says that Apple conference is going to be quite interesting. Bobby, at least it's not the same app. I remember quite often Apple and E3 would be the same week. So that's not happening this time. Apple's next week and then E3 is the week after. So at least we get a reprieve there.
Bobby Black Wolf says, I'm going to miss my iTunes library. Sad face. The one Apple product I use is getting killed. I would think and maybe I don't know if you're saying this in cheek, but I thought it was very obvious that like because everything's in the cloud and Apple knows what you own.
Like whenever they have a new music app or whatever, whatever. Obviously, they're not just killing iTunes. That's something to replace it. So whatever.
Sorry, we got nothing. I'm going to tell you this right now, because, yeah, on the phones, there is the music app. Yeah. There there's a separate TV app. There's a podcast app. There's a podcast app. And I like having them separated.
And you and it already knows, like the TV app says, oh, you've bought these TV shows. And if you don't like it, apple.com slash feedback. All your stuff is in the cloud. So it's I don't think you're going to lose anything, but it is going to be a little weird.
I will say this. For this very show, Orange Launch Radio, I do all the MP3 tagging and the artwork loading in iTunes. So I'm just going to hope that the standalone music app is just basically iTunes.
So I can continue to kind of do that. Because or I guess I have to figure out how to do it a win app or something else. So yeah, I'm sure I'm sure it'll be fine, though. I'm not too worried about it.
All right. I'm just going to say this. I wouldn't be surprised if some of this goes through the same stuff that goes for book publishing.
For the self-published through Apple Books. I wouldn't be at all surprised if it goes through the same publishing channels.
Bobby Blackwell says most of my iTunes library is ripped CDs, so they don't know. OK, I see what you're saying. But I can't imagine they're just you're not going to just drive unless you have iTunes match or you just drag and drop into the music app.
I doubt they're going to make it that they would know that they're going to get pushback from music lovers that if suddenly the MP3s you created don't work.
I'm sure it'll be easy. I'm not too worried about it. Well, and on top of that, there's also GarageBand is free.
Oh, does GarageBand have like a music library in it? No, but you can you can rip CD. Yeah, but you don't want to do it again if you've ripped like five.
No, I'm saying you can. Your MP3s aren't going to go anywhere. They're still going to be physically on your computer unless you're using iTunes match and put it in the cloud yourself.
Got it. What I'm saying is that you can bring in your own MP3s still in GarageBand to convert them for other purposes.
Got it. OK. All right. All right. Well, let's move on. We know we went from Google all around all around the bed.
We got an update this week on Death Stranding, a pretty big update, in fact, one that might have surprised some people.
Guess what, y'all? Death Stranding is coming out this year. It's a 2019 game. How about that? I still don't know what it's about.
No, we still don't know what it's about. Babies in jars. And it's it does seem like there's this interesting thing where you don't ever die.
You go to the upside down, which sounds a lot to me like the first version of Prey. Remember Prey the shooter?
Not the recent, but back when it was more like an ID game and the first time they did Prey, you never died.
You went to this like spirit world where you had to like get enough birds and then you went back to and reincarnated.
It is, though. I mean, what if, though, this like whatever other world is, is it literally called the upside down? Because I don't.
I don't think. No, that's like that's a Stranger Things reference. I had a feeling because I was like, really?
Oh, sorry. Go ahead.
What I was going to say is that it makes me think, though, of very Silent Hill things where you had your, I guess, darker world that would come in.
So I think that's more of a nod back to its Silent Hill roots.
Well, to to that point, actually, I swear to God, in the trailer, they mentioned something about P.T.
So maybe, maybe I'm sure there were unused ideas that are going to show up in this Death Stranding.
It's been a few years, so it looks good.
I just don't know what the hell it's about. But did you see that collector's edition with the actual baby in the jar and all that?
Yes, with the actual baby. Life-size baby.
I don't think I want a baby in a jar. I don't want any babies in jars or outside of jars.
Yeah, I'm going to be passing. Babies are icky. I'm going to pass on that collector's edition as well.
Other people can have babies.
All right. Not this bitch.
What else can other people have? Dark Sakura, next up in news.
Ghosts. Ghost busters, what do you want?
That's the best line in that whole movie, by the way.
So yeah, after a decade, we are getting a remaster of Ghostbusters, the video game.
Which is, for all intents and purposes, the third Ghostbusters movie. The one they wanted to do, right?
And, I mean, it's got, of course, the, and they, of course, they recorded everything while everyone was still alive.
But, you know, it's got the original cast from the movie. It's got, it's just got a great story. It's a really great game.
And I'm really looking forward to having it, you know, and I'm really glad that it's, you know, a way to keep the franchise alive.
I mean, I'll be honest, I haven't seen the AU version with the female cast, which I should. I own a copy.
But, there's just something nostalgic for all of us who grew up with Ghostbusters.
You know, I've got laserdiscs of Ghostbusters 1 and 2.
And when that game came out, you better believe that we shot right out and got it.
I remember the first first Ghostbusters game on Commodore 64 and Atari 2600, and that game was fun.
And then there was a Ghostbusters 2 game, I remember, on early PCs, like with the VGA graphics, right?
It was pretty good, too. So the Ghostbusters games have always been pretty good.
But I also missed this remaster. You know, some folks in chat are kind of agreeing there.
Questbuster in chat says, it's literally the third movie. Jamie is spot on. Even Ackroyd pretty much said the same thing.
Exactly. What was, if I remember correctly, it was based on one of Ackroyd's screenplays that he had prepared for a third Ghostbusters movie.
So, I'm super, super thrilled. But at any rate, it's going to be out on the modern consoles.
And I'm just really, really, really, really looking forward to it.
But, I mean, it goes back into, you know, back to the Gozer storyline.
And, you know, Ivo Shandor, who was, you know, the main person that they were researching.
And it was just, you know, really such a great game.
And I'm super, super, super, super, super happy that it's coming out.
And I'm probably going to be getting this on PS4.
YYR is pointing out, worth a mention, if you have Xbox One, you don't need the remaster.
Just play the original via backwards compatibility. But, remember...
Don't have an Xbox One.
And remember a few weeks ago, they delisted the game, you know, actually probably a couple months ago at this point.
Now, granted, I'm sure you could find a disc at GameStop or on eBay or something like that.
In fact, now at GameStop on those used games for the Xbox 360, they do market if they're compatible with Xbox One on there.
Interesting. But I would think maybe it's going to drive up the price a little bit.
Probably not like sky high. But I imagine GameStop's going to know, like, oh, people are going to be suddenly interested in this.
Because, you know, I don't see it going sky high. It might go up from like five bucks to ten bucks.
But I'm sure, you know, there's probably still ways to find it.
Well, at any rate, I am super, super, super, super happy. Like, this is me going rawr.
Okay, awesome. All right, moving on. Loki, what do you have for us?
So, you may remember we talked about the Overwatch Workshop, which is a brand new thing that allows players to create their own custom game types and all sorts of weird things.
What is the most popular mods that are available for Overwatch? Well, the number one mod is UNO.
Yes, that's right, the card game. So you can actually play UNO in Overwatch now.
Some other notable mentions as well. The floor is lava parkour. They have McCree Hot Potato, Hammond Racing, Gun Game, which is, you know, I think from Call of Duty or Battlefield, one of those.
Diva Bumper Cart, Flappy Bird, and well, there's interesting stuff. They have a portal gun mode as well.
And even a Super Smash Brothers mode type that actually looks like Smash Brothers.
So pretty crazy all the stuff that is actually being created for this.
The UNO one, actually, people have spent, I guess, almost 1400 hours playing UNO Overwatch.
And I guess across, you know, they said it looks like 1500 matches.
And then, of course, the second one floor is lava parkour and McCree Hot Potato, 1246 in 1048 hours.
You know, I've been out of the loop on Overwatch, admittedly. I haven't really played a lot.
But this is definitely going to make me take another look.
And, you know, Blizzard's kind of done this sort of thing before. And, you know, Starcraft 2 was the game that they did.
They had that whole Starcraft 2 arcade. And it was a very similar thing. It was Starcraft Workshop.
And I loved, there was Star Jeweled, where you basically played Bejeweled, but it would cause a Starcraft match to kind of automate.
And they had another one called Iyer Chef, because Iyer is one of the races in Starcraft.
They had one where you had to go out and get ingredients and stuff. And it was fun.
And those two particular games were like official Blizzard arcade products.
And, you know, if you want to talk about modding and arcade stuff, heck, go all the way back to Warcraft 3 and this little mod called Defense of the Ancients, or Dota.
I mean, that started a whole other, that started the MOBA genre of games for which we have Heroes of the Storm, Dota 2, League of Legends.
You know, that all owes itself to something like this. So, who knows, maybe The Floor is Lava will be a next Valve acquisition.
And then they'll put out the second game, and then never a third game. That'll be the way it goes.
So, I'll check that out. It sounds good. Bobby Blackwolf says, this might get me to Overwatch.
Yeah, why not? I mean, in Overwatch, is it only 20 bucks now? Did they finally permanently put the price down? I don't know, or is it still like 50? I don't know.
Anyway, Act F says, they need to fix some of the stuff in the regular game. Cough, cough, better console support, and so forth.
Dark Tetsuya says, hashtag, The Floor is Lava 3 confirmed.
Bonds006 says, yes, the granddaddies are getting some shine, Dota.
Hey, well, yeah, with Warcraft 3 remastered, let's not forget, that's a Blizzard thing that they're working on.
So, it'll be interesting to see that original Dota getting remastered. I'm confident Blizzard has to be, like, not only are they thinking about the original Warcraft 3 game, that mod has got to be up and running day one.
They're going to have some type of official Dota mod for that day one, because that'll get people interested in Warcraft 3 right there, I'm sure.
So, anyway, moving on, we kind of referenced this a little bit earlier in the show, and it has to do with Pokemon Go and the Apple Watch.
And so, Dark Soccer, I'm sorry to say, Pokemon Go is dropping Apple Watch support after July 1st.
The reason why is that basically it's not useful anymore, because they built Adventure Sync into the game.
So, Adventure Sync kind of takes your steps and your buddy, Candy, and all that stuff and puts it in the game.
So, they felt that the Watch app was a little bit redundant and not worth them basically putting extra resources into. So, RIP.
Well, I liked it linking to my workouts.
Yeah, but I think Adventure Sync will also link to your workouts.
So, yeah, Adventure Sync will track data through fitness apps, including data sent from the Apple Watch.
So, that's that. So, basically, the Adventure Sync mode killed the Apple Watch support.
I think it is notable, though, that we're here because I feel like it was just two years ago at Apple's big event where they were talking about this on stage.
And so, now it's gone. And it's not, I mean, it's not like EA pulling online servers after only a year and a half.
I mean, they're pulling this because something a little more advanced replaced it. So, it's not that big a deal.
But it is just interesting how fast the technology moves, right? This is how fast technology moves.
What we were once shouting about on stage is, look at this cool new feature for the game that everybody's playing is now, oh, it's sunsetting because it's redundant.
That's how fast technology is moving. And I thought that made this very noteworthy.
So, from there, we'll take a trip back in time to the classic game of the week.
Every week here on the show, Dark Sakura takes a step back through space and time to find a game that she thinks, hey, you guys should be checking out this game this week.
But in a 2019 twist, once a month, she spotlights a game as a classic soundtrack of the month.
And just ironically with us being off last week, I believe the last show we had May's soundtrack of the month.
And now today we're getting June's soundtrack of the month. So, lots of soundtracks.
But a good choice tonight. I'm excited to hear more about this.
So, Dark Sakura, what is the classic soundtrack of the month?
The classic soundtrack of the month is actually R-Type for, and I actually picked two consoles for this because I thought, while I do think one is better than the other, the other one is fairly noteworthy for what it is.
We're going to start on Sega Master System.
So, Sega Master System, and this is specifically the FM soundtrack.
R-Type has an amazing soundtrack anyway. Everyone who has ever heard me talk about it knows that R-Type is one of my favorite pieces of music ever.
And I'm going to apologize. The audio is going to be a little low. And here in studio, you're not going to be able to hear it. It is going through on stream. I can see the bars.
But it is a little lower than usual. Sorry, that was just a my bad in the production. But you should be able to hear it if you listen carefully.
Well, at any rate, the music, at least for the arcade game, was done by Ishizaki Masato.
And I don't know if he did the SMS version.
But the Sega Master System version, and I've brought up the FM sound unit before.
With the FM sound unit, what it does is it enhances the sound output from certain of the Sega Mark III games.
It was a separate unit that was sold in Japan starting around 1987 for about 6800 yen.
And it used a YM2413 FM chip that would work on top of the built-in SN76489 PSG chip.
So it added 9 extra mono sound channels.
So of course you could get nearer arcade quality music out of the Sega Master System.
And it supported a good number of games too, including R-Type.
So the music, and I'll add this on here, you can get an FM power base converter.
If you've got a Sega Master System, that will also give you the FM output for this game.
But it's just super amazing.
And I'm not going to go into the gameplay of R-Type, because I've talked about R-Type ad nauseam.
But the music, I think for the type of game it was, was really unique.
Where you had your Gradius music that was all kind of upbeat and heroic.
You had this dark, gritty music that was mostly all in minor key.
And then when you beat your level, it goes into a major key.
And then goes right back into a minor key.
It really added to the excitement of the game.
Especially those boss battles.
Now, to add in another one that I was surprisingly happy with.
And you may be pleased with this.
The Commodore 64 version of the music.
And we actually have some B-roll of that.
And I don't think it's as great as the Sega Master System version, clearly.
But the instrumentation on this one with what the Commodore 64 could do was really good.
Yeah, if you were a fan of the SID chip on the 64, this is a really good use of it.
Like, obviously, see now I am more partial to this one.
But that's because I grew up with C64, I love C64 music.
So both Dark Soccer and I have these admitted biases tonight.
Well, and I didn't grow up with the Master System.
Yeah, but you became a Sega fan later, you know.
Yeah, but at any rate, though, I have to say that I had not given this version much thought.
Even though I know, playwise, it's a pretty good version of our type.
It's an impressive fucking feat for the Commodore 64 as well.
I don't think you see it in this early levels.
But in some of the later levels, when the background starts drawing in.
Oh, here we go. There we go.
So on the Twitch stream, you can actually see the background's drawing in.
And it's kind of moving at its own pace.
This is impressive for an early 80s computer.
And this was an 8-bit computer, if I recall, technically.
Yeah, the 64, yeah.
I mean, later on, you had the 128 that tried to up that.
But nothing ever matched the 64.
Right. And so I really, really...
And I was just sitting down listening to the music.
And I was like, damn, this is actually pretty good.
So I figured that I would add this one in as well.
Because it's the same game, but each of them showcase what their systems can do.
And I think because the Commodore 64 had its own chip with its own limitations,
it was kind of a regular thing.
This is not the only game that had an independent soundtrack for the Commodore 64 version.
The other big example I think of, which I think I picked as a classic game of the week,
one of the weeks you weren't here, about a year ago,
Bomb Jack is a great example of that.
You know, Bomb Jack had his own little song in the arcade and in some of the translations.
But for the Commodore 64 version, they took an actual 80s synth NeoWave song
and made it on the Commodore 64 version of that.
That whole thing, that was actually an 80s song that they kind of made the Bomb Jack song on 64.
It was really cool.
And for the record, I'm not including the PC Engine version,
which was switched between two HuCards.
Because while it is technically still an 8-bit system, it was the hybrid 8 and 16-bit system.
You're trying to keep your spotlight pure this year.
Yeah. Next, I typically...
This level impressed me that we're looking at on Twitch.
Right? It looks perfect.
See how it looks so good with the...
I mean, and again...
The scrolling in this is amazing.
1982, 1983 technology. You've got the two levels of scrolling.
Well, and look at your other computers that were out at the time.
Like the ZX, which was garbage.
And the Amstrad...
Garbage.
You know, all those versions were pretty shit.
You are dealing with, I think, as close to Arcade Perfect as the Commodore 64 could possibly get.
As a home computer could possibly get.
And then, of course, you know, the Master System was fairly perfect because Sega just had that.
They did great shooters.
Let's flip back to the Master System and kind of end on that note.
Okay.
And I honestly, though, I think this is the closest to Arcade Perfect that you could get at the time.
You know, because you've got multiple layers of parallax and everything.
But it goes back to the music.
Both of them have a stellar version of that arcade soundtrack.
And I am absolutely...
I sat and listened to the Master System soundtrack.
And then played the soundtrack for the Commodore.
And then played the arcade soundtrack.
I listened to the R-Type soundtracks three different times.
Preparing for this because I fucking love the music in R-Type so much.
The first level music is my favorite.
It's probably up there for my favorite.
It's up there with Fantasy Zone for some of my favorite first level music.
So, R-Type, bitches.
Alright, there it is, your classic soundtrack of the month.
R-Type for the Sega Master System.
But a little garnish of the Commodore version as well.
And I was going to mention, if you love R-Type, guess what?
The R-Type Final 2 Kickstarter is kicking off on June 3rd.
What?
Take all my money.
I don't know, though. R-Type Delta kind of screwed me over.
R-Type Final 2 dot com.
Alright, awesome.
There it is, your classic soundtrack of the month.
You know, speaking of soundtracks, one thing I've got to caution.
So, I was listening to a gaming soundtrack as I was driving home last night.
I was in San Jose for the day for yet another Ingers thing.
But I also find really good ways to make these Ingers things about also visiting people.
So, I also visited Mel and some of my other friends over there in San Jose.
But as I was driving home, I made the mistake of listening to the Wan-gan Midnight Maximum Tune 5 soundtrack by Yuzo Koshiro because it's on Spotify.
They didn't have the older ones, or at least I couldn't find them.
But five was there. I was like, oh, I haven't heard five yet.
And I started listening to that as I was driving home.
Bad idea.
Because I'm night driving to those soundtracks.
Guess how fast I was going down the freeway?
In my little Prius.
Ninety.
Eighty-eight.
Which for a Prius, it's pretty fast.
So when that Prius hits eighty-eight miles an hour, you're gonna see some shit.
It catches on fire.
Yeah, right. So, I had to actually stop myself and go, I wasn't doing it for very long.
You know, I was like jamming along, jamming along.
And then I looked at the speedometer and I was like, slow down.
So, anyway.
YYR in chat says, hell yeah. Wan-gan Midnight Maximum Tune soundtrack is the real deal.
Remember that drive we made to Disneyland?
Oh my god. On the I-5 going to L.A.
When I was being a little shit.
You could do like a hundred and get away with it.
Well, but that was me driving my Lancer. Remember the Lancer?
Oh yeah, I do.
The little silver demon.
I do.
Listening to Wan-gan and DDR stuff.
I remember one time I drove your car because, and somebody else was with us.
Like it was, I want to say it was like, it was like Wendell or something was with us.
I feel like we were, because we went, or was it Shane? No, it was Shane.
It was Shane.
Because, but I thought it went up because it was like a DDR.
It was a DDR related thing we were doing.
We went from the Bay Area all the way down 101 because there was snow on the grapevine.
That was right. We were going, was it Disneyland? It was a Disneyland trip.
I thought it was a DDR related thing. Why did I?
I thought it was a Disneyland trip.
Appreciate DDR people.
Are you going to Arcade Infinity?
It might have been Arcade Infinity trip or something.
And it wasn't, we weren't there for the closing of Arcade Infinity.
No.
But I thought for sure we were there for a Disneyland thing.
Because we cannot go to L.A. without Disneyland.
Well, especially during that, now it's too expensive. I can't do it anymore.
Yeah.
But at that time when Disneyland was more affordable, like, it was just funny to say, Disneyland used to be affordable.
I mean, it was always luxury, but, you know, this was before Cars Land, before all the remodels.
This is when California Avenger was actually California themed.
Yeah, yeah, anyway.
Alright, anyway, let's take a break. We're going to take a break here in studio.
But we have a little prerecorded segment for you guys that has to do with, funny enough,
DarkSakura brought up the ZX Spectrum from overseas.
She was not a fan of the system, and I will admit.
But I want one.
Compared to the Commodore 64, it wasn't that great, but it was a big deal in Europe.
And if you haven't played a lot of ZX Spectrum games, there is a new service out there that allows you to play,
not just those games, but some Commodore games as well, and Neo Geo games.
It's a service called Anstream, and it's in early access right now.
And I'm a Kickstarter backer and had access to the early access.
So I thought we could take a look at Anstream tonight. So let's get to it.
Okay, so for our studio break this week, I thought we could take a look at Anstream.
We've been talking about it the past couple weeks on the show,
as their Kickstarter campaign had kind of kicked off and then subsequently wrapped up.
And for those that don't remember, Anstream is that kind of like retro Netflix, if you will,
that's available on a variety of platforms, including PC, which is what we're looking at tonight,
as well as Xbox One. I know there's some Android-related devices.
I think they plan to come out on PlayStation 4 as well. There's a lot. There's plenty.
More is available on their site, and they have a variety of older games that are available on the service.
Right now, I think there's around 200. I know they have a game list online.
And you can see here as we're actually in the client, and I can kind of poke around here and actually show you.
Okay, yeah, there's all these different categories that are available,
which is interesting because the categories seem to be a little bit random, kind of like what Netflix does.
If you've used Netflix before, it'll show you these very kind of obscure categories sometimes.
Not that I would call a category like Spectrum Games obscure,
but it does seem like the client right now kind of mixes up the different types of games that you will see.
Now, it should be stressed that what we're looking at right now is early access.
This is a very early version of Anstream.
It's only available to Kickstarter backers of a certain level,
which obviously since I'm in here, disclosure, I'm one of those backers.
But I was always, and I've mentioned this on the show,
I was kind of excited that somebody has kind of taken the idea of retro gaming
with leaderboards and things of that nature and these challenges,
which I'll get into in a minute,
kind of reminded me a little bit of what GameTap used to be a long time ago.
The other interesting thing about Anstream is that it's kind of like Google Stadia, I guess if you will,
where you're not actually downloading the ROMs.
You're actually kind of streaming this instance running on another computer up in the cloud,
somewhere at Anstream headquarters or wherever their server farm is.
But unlike Stadia, which is meant to play state-of-the-art games,
because we're looking at retro games here,
we're not really talking about the same type of bandwidth requirements and things of that nature.
So let me actually get in here and play a game already.
You can either find a game on the list, so maybe I can go down to something I recently played.
Oh, we can take a look at Monty on the Run.
For a lot of people, this is really obscure.
This is a Commodore 64 game, but you'll notice it's in my list twice because they have it on Commodore 64 and Spectrum.
But this game had a real kick-ass soundtrack, which is one of the reasons why I like it.
So you will notice it does take a little bit to load,
and I wonder if potentially the Google outages that happened today in the news are maybe affecting this a little bit.
I don't know.
But you'll notice when you launch the game, you also get an overview of what the GamePad does.
I am using a 360 controller, so they did take a lot of the old keyboard games from Commodore 64,
or games that had single fire buttons or maybe perhaps used complex layouts on the keyboard,
and kind of made them work and went in and made them all work with GamePads and stuff.
So let's actually get in there and play.
Again, these are older games, so they're not going to look like newer stuff,
but without these classic older games, we wouldn't have the same stuff that we have today.
So this is a very simple game.
It's like a platformer, but you have a jump button, and you move around.
And you'll notice it does look pretty good, especially because it is an older game.
It probably doesn't need that same type...
Oh, that's a thing that...
Oh, no, I got smooshed.
Because it is an older game, it doesn't have the complex colors...
Let me move my mouse cursor out of the way.
You'll notice it still has that sweet soundtrack like it had back in the day.
I'm not very good at this game. I used to be better at this when I was a kid.
Boy, those plungers make a pretty hideous noise, don't they?
Let's see if I can...
Alright, clearly I'm terrible at this, but that's alright, you get the idea.
And it does have a pretty sweet soundtrack when you don't have all those plunger noises in the background competing for that.
But that's a little bit about what that looks like.
So let me actually pick a different game this time.
So we're going to quit out, and this time we're going to go in and...
Let's take a look at maybe something a little newer.
Oh, like Fatal Fury, right?
So there's a few SNK Neo Geo games that are available in here.
Let's take a look at this. Let's load this one up.
Uh-oh. See, early access. These things are going to happen.
I'm not going to worry too much about that.
Again, and also there's those internet outages happening today.
So I just kind of work around these error messages. They haven't killed my experience yet.
Okay, so there we go.
So we have a little overview of how we can insert credits and start and all that.
And then... Ah, yes.
And you know, being that this is a newer Neo Geo game, and some of these games...
And I don't even think this is going to come through on the video that you guys are looking at on OLR.
But you might see when you do the fade in and fade out, you have a little bit of artifacting.
And you might be able to see that as well, like as the characters move.
And you can kind of see it just a little bit up in the clouds.
So you do get a little bit of artifacting, but it's really not that bad.
And again, say as disclaimer a million times, early access.
Antstream very much appears to be a company that's based over in Europe.
So I imagine, you know, a lot of their early access stuff may actually be overseas.
I don't know how much they have over here in the U.S. actually streaming.
But otherwise, you know, it's kind of the game that you remember, Fatal Fury.
Of course, in the first Fatal Fury game, you could only pick one of three characters.
You can pick everybody.
But I seem to remember Andy Bogard is pretty awesome.
Let's see, and then I can pick who I want to fight, which obviously I want to fight Duck King.
So let's see.
The sound comes through pretty good.
Oh, I see some of that artifacting pretty bad in that transition there.
Wow, and I am not as good at this game as I used to be.
Wow, I should have just named this segment Watch Rob Be Bad at Old Games, because that's exactly what's happening today.
Antstream keeping me humble in 2019.
Let's see if I can at least win one round.
I also can't remember how to do Andy's special moves. It's been a little while.
Was it Back Forward Charge? Back Forward A?
Well, this is going swimmingly.
There's a guy laughing at me full-on in the background there.
Ugh, barf.
You know, that's about how well it went for me on a Neo Geo arcade machine, too, to be fair.
All right, one other thing I want to show with these, which I think is pretty cool, something that they have built into Antstream that I think is kind of unique.
Let me quit out here.
So you'll notice that in Antstream I have these little gems up here at the top.
So you can use these gems. They're not, and it's not, and they're very explicit to point this out,
gems are not like some type of premium currency that you're paying additional money on top of the anticipated monthly fee to have.
You actually earn these gems through different challenges that are in the game.
So if I actually go back, and there's a whole section that actually has challenges, Fatal Fury is one of them, but that didn't go so well for me.
Let me try something else. Ooh, how about Super Dodgeball? Come on, this game was awesome.
Not that I'm going to do very well at this either, but we can go in here, and you'll notice there are some challenges in here.
So there's a challenge to be like the last man standing. It says survive as long as possible with one team member.
You'll notice that's rated like a one, and then we go up to like a level two. Take out the opposing team as fast as possible.
And then you can go up a little harder as well, so knock down as many of the opposing team as you can before any of your team gets taken out,
and then you can pay 50 gems to unlock that. So the gems are kind of a currency that's used to progress within the challenge system, which is kind of neat.
So to show you what a challenge might look like, let's bring up this last man standing.
And you'll notice I could challenge a friend. The social stuff, again, since we are in early access, the social stuff doesn't seem to be built out yet,
so I can't throw Bobby Black Wolf a challenge for him to ignore or anything like that just yet,
and that's going to come in some of the updates up over the next month or so until I think they plan to launch full over the summer.
Don't quote me on that, but that's probably their plan.
So let's play this one solo, and okay, so pass dodge is B on the Xbox controller, throw catch is play.
You'll notice about the challenge, it's going to just kind of start me off right in there, which is kind of neat.
So, all right, three, two, one, go.
So, all right.
Not to get down. I got to be careful.
I don't want to get killed. Oh, no.
Okay, pant, pant, pant, pick up the ball. Let's go.
I just oops, I meant to jump and I just passed the ball.
I got a guy on the side. It's been way too long. Okay, double tap is how you run.
I knew there's a way to do it.
I need to quit throwing the ball at them. Come on. There we go.
You get.
Oh, no, I died. All right. Oh, no, I'm not dead.
Okay. I just flashed from it. I thought that was it.
Okay. All right. All right. We're almost up to surviving a whole minute.
Oh.
All right. At least this is going better than the last one. All right. Let's see if I can.
Here we go. Got one of the little guys.
I heard the little splat. All right.
So, I lasted a little over a minute, but you'll notice it all kind of triggered within there.
I got it. Okay. So, I got 69 seconds and that was enough for me to get a bronze medal.
And I got 50 XP. So, I'm getting closer to leveling up my little character, my online persona, I guess.
And I got a few gems for that. So, that's pretty cool.
And then you can actually see like, you know, okay, so I got a bronze and let's see, I could retry if I want.
And I think, yeah, it shows you, okay, if I wanted to get a silver medal, I needed to go for 75 seconds.
And then I think you can actually look at the scores. I'm not sure how well this is implemented yet.
Okay, so these are real people, I'm pretty sure. So, you can see, I think this is like a high score leaderboard.
And then you can also look at, you know, similar games and things like that.
So, anyway, I think, you know, I showed you the challenges, I showed you like an older game on the Commodore 64 and how that looks.
I showed you a newer game on the Neo Geo and how that looks.
So, and stream is progressing along very nicely.
You know, I'm hoping in a couple months when they've had a little more time to work on it and get some of the feedback for some of their testing,
maybe some of those things like the slight artifacting we were seeing in some of the newer games, maybe that'll be addressed a little bit.
Although I think it still looks, you know, it's certainly playable.
And then maybe some of the like game discoverability features and the social features will be built in.
But so far, so good. I'm enjoying this.
I think, you know, again, some of these extra things that are built into it, like the challenges, leaderboards and things like that,
make it a little more than just, you know, oh, we're just unloading all these games on you, dumping all these games on you for a monthly fee.
I like that they're kind of taking it a step further and maybe making something a little more social about it.
Because we here at Orange Lodge Radio, we love our old games and it's something we can be very social and talk about a lot.
So on that note, we're going to take it back to the studio live.
Welcome back, everybody. Live here on June the 2nd of 2019 with episode 778 of our show.
And thank you, me, for that little prerecorded segment on and stream.
And that was your first time. I know, Jamie, you ran out.
You probably didn't see all that, but you saw some of that. What did you think?
Looks neat.
Yeah, it's kind of neat, right?
Yeah.
What's funny, I'm looking at some of the comments in chat. YYR says the combat tribes, the combat tribes or whatever you say, is not similar to Super Dodgeball.
I'm pretty sure they're using some type of algorithm and it's probably like, oh, people were checking out this Neo Geo games.
They were also playing this other.
Or maybe just like genre and system or something like that.
I think a lot of it is still being refined.
Again, I chalk a lot of the issues up to just the early access umbrella, but I like what I see so far.
And I think it's also very cool that that, you know, I was playing it on PC, but they are it's on Xbox one right now as well.
It's on Android, I think, because early Apple's a little harder with early access.
I think they plan to be there, but they're not there right now.
And then they're on or they will be on PlayStation four.
I think was one of their stretch goals.
So it's kind of neat.
And I guess, you know, if you have like progress or, you know, the gems, it carries with you from place to place.
That's kind of neat.
So anyway, we'll be keeping an eye on Antstream as it develops.
I have at least a year paid for, so I'll be having it for a while.
But it's a great way to experience the old Commodore 64.
Does your year start now or does it start when the service actually launches?
Funny enough, somebody asked that on the Discord recently.
And they say it looks like it starts now because that's how we had to enable all your accounts.
But when we officially launch, we'll reset the clock as of the day of the official launch.
So that's pretty cool.
Yeah, I think I actually ponied up for two years.
So I'm a very much a big backer of Antstream.
And you guys told me about this too.
I had no idea this was a thing until somebody at Orange Launch Radio brought it to my attention.
And that was via our Discord server.
So thank you to the folks over at our Discord.
vognetwork.com or vognetwork.com slash Discord.
And you can join and you can tell me these things I should be paying attention to.
I had not given to a Kickstarter in a very long time until I gave to this one.
But I felt this one, they were kind of showing that they already had kind of a lot of the infrastructure there.
This was just to kind of push them out of the gate for launch and kind of help propel them there.
And that's why I did it.
I wasn't worried about losing money or having to wait years and years and years.
I mean, hello, I was a Kickstarter backer for Bloodstained like five years ago.
Look, take the time to get it right. I get it, but it's a long time.
Hope it is right when it comes out.
Hope it's okay.
Anyway, Bobby says they are very receptive to feedback.
They seem like good people.
Yeah, they have their own Discord and they've been very active on there.
The people that are developing it as well as their community manager.
And because it's based over in Europe, they had a whole channel dedicated to Eurovision.
Which I can appreciate.
So, I thought it was really cool.
Anyway, let's move on with the show.
We've got more stuff to talk about, including some rapid fire news.
So, let's get to it.
Let's talk about those free games that you get with those paid subscriptions.
So, starting with the Xbox side of the house.
June's games with gold.
On Xbox one you're going to be getting EA Sports NHL 19.
That's for the entire month of June.
And then starting at the halfway point, Rivals of the Aether.
That's going to be from June 16th through the 15th.
Your Xbox 360 compatible games with Xbox one.
Portal's still alive for the first half of June from the 1st to the 15th.
And this is awesome because it's your second month in a row that you get another Earth Defense Force title.
So, Earth Defense Force 2017, which is definitely better than Insect Armageddon.
Maybe not technically better, but it is a better game.
That'll be from June 16th through the 30th.
And of course, on the Sony side of the house, PlayStation Plus, you're going to be getting Sonic Mania.
And Borderlands The Handsome Collection for the month of June.
And then, we've got some other Sony games, or previously Sony games.
So, you know, there's been some of these exclusives that have been released on the Epic Games Store.
Well, now, that game company's journey is going to be heading to PC, exclusive to the Epic Games Store on June 6th.
So, if you want to check that on PC, I'm sure that'll look amazing.
Interesting that that particular title went exclusive to Epic Store.
I think they have Flower on there already.
I guess, I think you're right. I think you are right.
So, it's kind of interesting.
So, anyway, moving on with some other news about games coming to other places.
Timespinner, that is a Metroidvania type of game that was pretty well received when it came out on the PlayStation 4 and PC.
Well, guess what? It's also coming out on the Switch and the Xbox One.
So, this game came out last year, but now the Xbox One and the Switch get their crack at it on June 4th.
And obviously, with the Switch version, it'll be a way for you to take it with you on the go wherever you want.
Doesn't sound like there's any new exclusive content or anything like that, but still pretty cool.
And by the way, if you weren't already aware, we interviewed the developer of Timespinner on Orange Ontario.
And thank you, Darktosuya dug up the episode number 571.
So, if you want to go back in the archives to episode 571, we actually...
And this was long before the game was out when it was still in development.
So, it was kind of fun to talk to them then.
Also, in rapid fire news tonight, talking about a new type of main cabinet.
Kind of in line with those, like, arcade one-up machines.
I was in a Fry's randomly this weekend, and they have a bunch of them on display there.
I think Walmarts, some of them show, like, they put it in a glass case,
because kids at Walmart will beat the shit out of those things, I'm sure.
But I think they put it in a big glass case, so you can kind of see it.
But the ones at Fry's, you can just kind of walk up and play, they look pretty good.
Well, this seems to be another... It's not an arcade one-up, it's just similar to that.
Think of that. It's called the Legends Ultimate.
It is an all-in-one cabinet, and it's supposed to be starting in July.
$599 for a full-sized 66-inch cabinet,
or $399 for a compact 44-inch version of the cabinet.
But this game is supposed to have between, this is a big window,
but 200 to 400 included games.
350 are kind of shown on artwork.
I will say one of those games is Tron, so you know that got my attention.
If you want to show 350 games, a good way to get something to jump out at me is to include Tron.
They also had Fix-It Felix Jr.
I thought that was interesting. Fix-It Felix is one of the games.
So is that like by the same company it does those little mini-arcade things in,
because didn't they get the...
I don't think they had the exclusive rights to that, though.
Was that like a meme ROM that they made?
You're talking about, you know what, it's funny, and I can put this on,
keep talking, because I have one of these.
Yeah, I remember them making the mini cabinet for that,
so I was just wondering if it's the same company that's behind that that's doing this larger one.
I mean, it seems like the natural progression of things.
I don't think so.
It's probably the same ROM, though.
That's the one that's been going around for a few things.
I think the one at Disneyland was the same one.
That one is by a company called Basic Fun,
and this machine is being put together by a company called AtGames.
But I still think that it's still compiling off the same ROM data.
Well, probably, I'm sure.
They'd probably just pay a licensing fee to the company that made it and go from there.
But anyway, just kind of interesting how I guess these arcade 1UP cabinets are doing well enough
where other kind of competitors are getting in the business.
I'm sure for people's home game rooms and for parties and things like that,
I went to a wedding that had a little mini Street Fighter II cabinet
because it was two nerds getting married, and the wedding party loved it.
So I think they're fun for those types of events.
I'm sure we'll see more like this.
It's just funny that we have one that's all in one,
whereas a lot of these arcade 1UP machines have been one, two, or three games.
Kind of like the Mortal Kombat one I've had my eye on is Mortal Kombat 1, 2, and 3.
Anyway, DarkSakura, what do you have for us?
Oh, some stuff.
Detective Pikachu is coming out on the Switch.
It is, I think, the same one that was on the 3DS, just touched up.
So look for it.
And then for other people who like D&D titles,
we are getting enhanced versions of Baldur's Gate, Baldur's Gate II,
Baldur's Gate Siege of Dragonspear, Icewind Dale, Planescape Torment,
and Neverwinter Nights for PS4, Xbox One, and Switch in the fall.
Looks like that in North America,
the physical editions of the Neverwinter Nights enhanced edition
will come out on December 3rd and December 6th elsewhere in the world,
while all the other ones are coming out September 24th in North America
and September 27th elsewhere for 50 bucks a pop.
That's a big unleashing of the D&D games all at once, but that's pretty cool.
I'm actually really wanting to play Planescape Torment
because I haven't played that in an age.
I'm a big fan of the Planescape world.
Funny enough, you just spotlighted an old, old D&D game as Classic Game of the Week,
not that long, less than a month ago.
Yeah, I think I did...
I didn't do Ruins of Mythdrine or I did one of the other ones in that series.
You did the one that was also on NES, I remember that.
Yeah.
All right, cool, so that's our rapid-fire news tonight.
Let's move on to some world release dates
and talk about some games that are coming out around the world,
and then we'll get to the mailbag if we have anything.
I'm not sure we do.
We have a little bit.
Just a little bit. All right, so first off, the world release dates.
Not a lot of things coming out this week.
We've got Kododama, The Heaven Mysteries of Fujisawa.
That's coming out on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 4.
Persona Q2, The New Cinema Labyrinth on 3DS.
The Legend of Heroes, Trails of Cold Steel 2 on the PlayStation 4.
Warhammer, Chaosbane on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Slay the Spire on Nintendo Switch.
And finally, Octopath Traveler on PC.
Oh yeah, that's a lot of people excited to play that
until they heard it was a full-price game still,
but I don't know, I think it'll still be worth it for many people.
Traveling over to Japan, checking out the releases on the PlayStation 4 this week.
It's a little bit lighter, probably with E3 on the horizon
and the summer and all that, but we still have a few things this week,
including Rage 2 gets its Japanese release this week on June the 6th,
and then on June the 7th, New Mina No Golf VR,
so a golfing VR game is out on the PlayStation 4 this week.
Heading over to the Switch, on the Switch this week is nothing.
They get a price reduction on FIFA 19, but that's it.
The Switch is otherwise quiet.
There's a Doraemon game next week, but that's about it.
So, a relatively quiet week in Japan.
Dara Sakura, how about the UK?
We have, on the third three different games,
we have Elder Scrolls Online, Elsewhere.
We have Persona Q2 New Cinema Labyrinth,
and Warhammer Chaosbane.
On the fifth, we have MotoGP 19.
On the sixth, we have Home Sweet Home for PlayStation,
and we have The Legend of Heroes Trails of Cold Steel 2 for PlayStation.
All right, let's get to the mailbag.
Every week, you guys send us emails.
Participate at orangelauntrader.com is the place to send your emails,
and we like to read some of our favorite emails here on the show.
So, Dark Sakura, I don't know how many we have tonight.
One.
Just one, okay.
That wasn't spam.
It has been quite a while since I participated in the show.
I am much older than I was when I started listening to OLR,
so Sunday Night Live shows are too late for old me to stay up for
and go to work Mondays.
You have to remember, the East Coasters, it's three hours ahead over there.
The show goes till midnight on the East Coast, so it's a little harder for them.
I admit I have no question or reason to write in.
I just wanted to say thank you.
I've communicated with each of you outside the show for various reasons.
You are just real people at the end of it all.
My life has bounced back for the horrible year of 2013.
This is good.
I remarried, have been enjoying the little things like travel
and spending time at camp on weekends.
My daughter graduated college two years ago and is getting married this November.
I won't say how old she was when I started listening, but you get the idea.
I can't say thank you enough for everything you do.
One day I would like to meet you all in person.
Have a great show.
And that's Name and Lights.
You're so welcome. Thank you.
I knew who this was the minute you said it.
I think of his real name because I get the Facebook messages.
Yeah, I remember the real name more than the...
Yeah, exactly. I remember the real name more than I do the online.
So I had to think about it. I was like, oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. The minute he talked about his bad year, I knew who that was.
Yeah, I remember just talking with him when all of that went down.
It was just so terrible.
Well, thank you so much for being here with us through the thick and the thin.
And glad to hear things are a lot better for you now. It's great.
I think all of us, and we've talked about it here on OLR, we've all had rough years.
We've all had low points.
And you're right, we are real people.
We play as many games as we can between our day jobs and all that.
But at the end of the day, we're real people.
And we're so happy that you guys come out here and participate with our show.
And kind of join us on these Sunday evenings.
Rob, is that a still shrink-wrapped DDR Extreme 2 for PS2?
Yes. Why?
I just looked over and I wasn't expecting to see it.
There's also a shrink-wrapped version of Karate Revolution Country over there.
Well, you could guess why that's still shrink-wrapped.
Because it's garbage, but yeah.
Here's the thing.
Somebody got me that because they were giving it as a promo or something.
That might have been me.
It might have been. I think it might have been.
He was like, Rob likes DDR. He'd like that.
But by that time, my PlayStation 2 was already up and away in favor of my PlayStation 3.
Which wasn't backwards compatible.
So yeah, I still have that kind of relic there.
But you know what?
Somebody's going to want that dance pad that's in there because it's going to work great.
I still have two Xbox 360 dance pads.
Yeah, and the chats are like, what the hell, it's still sealed?
Yeah, that's still sealed.
And yeah, the karaoke revolution country.
That one has a microphone in it.
But let's be real. We all know why I never opened that.
You don't like singing the country?
I don't know.
Oh, my ex is living in Texas.
Is this Shania Twain?
That don't impress me much.
That's all I know.
I only know old country.
We don't play.
Oh, and Fancy. Does it have Reba Fancy?
Dude, if it's got Reba, that's worth playing.
That's true.
Well, now we have to find out.
I'm opening that shit right now if it's got Reba.
Does it have Randy Travis on there?
I don't know the actual artists on these because it just has the names.
But let's see here.
Fancy. Is Fancy there?
Better have Fancy.
That's the only reason to own that game.
Is Dolly considered country enough?
Yeah, Dolly's still country.
Code of Many Colors, 9 to 5?
Or, uh, Jolene?
Oh, Jolene.
I would sing Jolene.
Yeah, I think this is just like kind of the top 40 crap.
What was cool then?
9 to 5 is like the first song on the list.
So it's got Dolly.
So there is that. Let's see.
It's, uh, Chattahoochee?
I know Chattahoochee.
I know that song, too.
That was when I was still having to go to Dothan for the summer
and being subjected to all that.
Friends in Low Places.
That was a good song.
No Fancy, though, because this is alphabetical.
So, save a horse, ride a cowboy.
What's that?
Stand by your man.
Stand by your man.
I only know that one from the Blues Brothers.
This episode of OLR brought to you by...
Derailed by Konami.
Anyway, here you go, Pikachu.
Why don't you...
That little product placement there right in your arms.
Thank you.
Pika-what?
Darticu says, karaoke revolution, country, stream, when?
Okay, there's so many problems with that because
A, I don't even have a working PlayStation 2 anywhere anymore.
B, I don't...
They don't use...
Do PlayStation 2s have HDMI?
I think they only have component.
They only have component.
But I've got converters.
I do have a first model PS2 that is still in perfect working order.
I have a Japanese one that's still in perfect working order.
But I only have an HDMI capture card.
So if it doesn't output HDMI, I can't do it.
I've got converters.
Okay.
I'm worried about input lag.
You can split the component cable and then capture off of...
But, I still have your capture.
Yes, the capture card will do it.
And the CRT monitor.
But, I have a PlayStation 2.
I don't know if it reads discs anymore.
Okay, I'm just gonna say, I don't wanna fucking play
karaoke revolution, country.
But it's enhanced for the iToy.
If we're gonna hook up PlayStation 2,
that one, maybe I'd play the DDR Extreme,
or I would play BeatMania 2DX or something, but...
Honestly, Rock Band is better than karaoke revolution,
just saying, cause karaoke...
Well, the Japanese karaoke revolution is a shit to play.
And I bet Rock Band has fancy.
Fancy is a good song.
Alexa, does Rock Band have fancy?
I probably set off someone's machino.
Okay, Google, turn the lights to 50%.
Stop it.
That's okay, none of the Google servers are working anyway,
so you're fine.
I wanna know who I fucked up now.
Moving on.
Alright, stop messing with people.
That's it for the mailbag. Thank you.
From very kind email to karaoke revolution country,
the tangents are strong this week on OLR.
But we still have some more video game news to get to
before we get to your calls on our Discord server.
To answer your question, I believe fancy was part of Rock Band 2 DLC.
Perfect.
At least that's a YouTube video that says it was,
so I'm gonna assume the title's correct.
And that means we can probably import it into Rock Band 4,
although the window for that is probably up,
but Jamie, if at all possible,
I think we need to do fancy.
Oh my god, you did set off two people's Alexa.
You set off Act Defs and Brad from Pod Culture.
Did I get anybody's Google shit?
Sorry, I wasn't trying to do that,
but I think it's really funny.
Hey Alexa, play-
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
We're not gonna be that show. Alright, move on.
I don't wanna be funny.
Next story.
I didn't trigger Google.
I just got a text. Jerk.
Who was that?
From Pod Culture.
Oh.
I don't know, I was gonna have him play fancy.
Play fancy.
Fancy is the official new song of OLR.
Alright, moving on.
So, Call of Duty.
They made the new announcement for the new Call of Duty,
which is just gonna be Modern Warfare,
as opposed to Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare.
It's a reboot.
It's gonna be out October 25th,
and what do we know about it?
Well, they said that they're not gonna do an annual pass,
that they're gonna have free content, maps, and, you know, stuff like that.
You know that means loot boxes.
That's just gonna fucking be full of fucking loot boxes,
and cause- I'm sure it's full of crap like that.
There's no way that they're not gonna do something like that.
It is gonna be cross-play, so you can play between console and PC.
No word on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, though.
It's a brand new engine,
and there's gonna be a single-player campaign,
which means I'm gonna get it, because it has a single-player campaign.
And co-op is back.
And yeah.
So that'll be awesome.
I am very excited about it.
And I'm assuming this is gonna be a big E3 push.
Oh yeah.
Activision doesn't really participate in E3.
Sony, though, has the DLC timed exclusiveness.
Sony's not doing E3.
Right.
Yeah, I don't know.
I just imagine news will probably drop E3 week,
whether they're there or not.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Maybe the Switch gets it this year.
Maybe it's one of those 21 games.
Except you can't play with your friends online.
Just kidding.
Except it is Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare.
The original, not remastered. Just the original.
So let's be real, Loki.
Out of the three of us, you're the only one that would be interested in a game like this.
You thinking about picking this one up?
Yeah.
Yep. No question.
It looks good.
Let's move on.
You know, sometimes if you want to make a choice on if you're gonna buy a game or not,
it might help you to be able to play that game in advance.
And that's exactly what Nintendo plans to do with what they're calling a road rules style trip.
A reference that nobody that would be the age of playing the Switch would even understand.
Y'all remember that old show Road Rules on MTV?
I remember.
I auditioned for Road Rules.
Can you believe?
Oh god, I shouldn't even say that here on the show.
I did.
I auditioned for Real World and Road Rules.
It was the year...
It was Hawaii.
It was whatever year that was for Real World.
I sent in an audition tape for Real World Hawaii.
And I wasn't even out of the closet at that age.
Can you imagine what a fucking mess I would have been on that show?
Thank god I got a polite rejection letter in the email.
Or in the mail.
Anyway.
But Nintendo is gonna be doing less reality TV and more getting the Switch out there to play for people.
After E3 is all done, it sounds like they're gonna kinda take their booth on the road a little bit.
So it's gonna go on a little tour.
It starts in Chicago from June 26th to the 30th at the Navy Pier.
And will travel around the country, including right here in Sacramento at the California State Fair.
July 12th through the 14th.
So not the duration of the State Fair, but just those few days.
I remember, do you remember this?
When Rock Band 2 was traveling the country, they were at the State Fair.
And we went and we played it.
Rock Band 2 at the State Fair.
I remember that.
I did not play it there.
Or did I?
It was the first game.
I played Rock Band though they did a thing that they were in West Sac for some festival, like music festival thing.
And they had a Rock Band 2 or Rock Band stage set up and I remember playing it there.
Well they'll be going from one VOG Network headquarters to another as they wrap up at the Georgia National Fair in Perry, Georgia.
I'm not sure if Perry is an Atlanta suburb.
But what games are going to be there?
The games that are going to be there.
Super Mario Maker 2, which is, I mean, it's going to be out by the time the game hits the first stop.
But okay, whatever.
Super Smash Bros. Ultimate, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, Pokemon Let's Go, Super Mario Party, and Splatoon 2.
Here's my thought.
They probably aren't announcing the ones that they haven't announced at E3 yet.
So I wouldn't assume it's going to be limited to this.
Because especially if it's traveling through October, you better believe there's going to be some holiday stuff in here too.
So I would think Animal Crossing maybe? Depends if it's playable at E3 or not.
But that could be interesting, Dark Sakura, if Animal Crossing is a game that is part of this bus.
Are we going to have to go to the State Fair?
I reckon.
Well, on the plus side, they have a karaoke booth at the State Fair and I can sing fancy.
I reckon.
This is my pained look.
Here's your one chance, Dark Sakura, don't let me down.
Here's your one chance.
There's your one chance.
You're letting me down.
All right.
SSG100Matt says, go to the fair and do video.
I just might.
I just might not.
I just might.
All right.
Bobby Blackwell says, Perry is a two hour drive for me.
Bummer.
Because the State Fair is like 10 minutes from here.
So.
YYR says to get the deep fried butter.
Oh, God.
Didn't we do?
What did we do?
We did deep fried Twinkies at one of our tournaments.
Alan and I went to the State Fair randomly one year.
We had deep fried Oreos and I just.
They're not that good.
And none of that deep fried stuff is that good.
It just tastes like batter.
Do I really want to eat a stick of butter?
No.
No.
Our next tournament should be called Sacramento Makes Aggregious Gaming.
S-M-E-G.
Stop it.
Well, we've had scat before.
Yeah.
For those who don't know, we had a DDR tournament here that we were all involved in and planning with.
It was called Sacramento Cosplay and Tournament.
And then what was the next one that we did?
A shaft.
Shaft.
Sacramento hosts another fucking tournament.
It was another fabulous tournament.
Behind the scenes we were calling it another fucking tournament.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So there you go.
Shaft was fun though.
That's when we had.
Shaft was a great tournament.
It was fun.
We had people from everywhere.
Shit.
We should do that again.
No we shouldn't.
Jamie, we're in our 40s now.
Fuck.
I didn't say we're going to participate.
You ain't got time for that.
I didn't say we're going to participate.
Alright.
Moving on.
Anyway.
It wasn't my turn.
I can participate in average attack.
Because I'm pretty good at being average.
Sometimes passing stuff.
That's what we should do.
We should do like how to be average at DDR.
We should call it the mediocre tournament.
Alright.
How to be the most mediocre.
Alright.
I'm going to lay down the law with this next story.
Darsakra.
Yeah.
Well.
Um.
And.
I.
I was looking at everything and this one just sort of is weird.
So there is a lawsuit by Iron Maiden.
Or at least.
Their holding company has filed a 2 million dollar lawsuit against 3D Realms for their
game Iron Maiden.
Um.
Claiming that it's using quote incredibly blatant end quote trademark infringement over
so many different things.
And it says that Iron Maiden would cause confusion amongst customers.
I mean it's a video game so I don't know.
But it says that their Iron Maiden name is of course very close to Iron Maiden.
Um.
And it also that the logo looks the same.
That it's composition looks the same.
And also other things that they're using that name to sell merchandise.
Um.
On top of that too is that they named a character after Steve Harris.
And reworked their logo.
Um.
And that you know it also points out that the band has their own video game Legacy of
the Beast.
Um.
Yeah they named a character Shelley Harrison after Steve Harris.
And then it has the same type of looking gameplay as their game Legacy of the Beast.
And it uses their yellow bomb emoji.
Sorry.
Shut up Siri.
And so they use their yellow bomb emoji is similar to the Iron Maiden.
Any character who shows up in all of their stuff.
So it sounds like there's a question here like is this parody or is this really kind
of like make him.
I kind of get the sense that Iron Maiden maybe kind of had to file this because you know
if you don't protect your intellectual property which Iron Maiden is a band is if you don't
file to protect it then you have the possibility of losing it.
Except I don't necessarily think they're being dicks but except Stern released Iron Maiden
pinball.
Yeah but they probably had to license that.
Yeah but that means that they still have.
I mean basically their their stuff is still protected it's still registered they would
have had to have renewed any of their licensing to be able to outsource it.
So as folks on Twitch can see Alan just sat down and join us because he's he's doing that
thing where he's like I've got something to say he can hear the show going on in the other
room.
I just want to warn you this mic cable doesn't have a lot of slack on it so you might have
to lean forward a little bit but what do you want to say.
It'll be brief and yes I'm putting away groceries something piques my ear and I'm like well
I have to give my opinion right now because it is very important.
When dark secrets first started reading this story I was like it's a pun.
Calm down.
But then as the details kept going out more and more about how like they named it after
the singer and the icon like it definitely sounds like they are it's be it's beyond just
a pun.
They're cashing in.
They are making it really really miss mistake or something that's affiliated with the band
but otherwise I and Maiden it's funny.
That's a that's a great pun.
But they just kept they kept kept it going.
Like if I was going to do a game called Iron Maiden I would have it be more like an electric
themed game or something you know with a cutesy girl that doesn't look anything Iron Maiden
like.
Now I made Alan sit back down because if you're going to invade the show like that then I'm
going to ask you some questions have you talk about other stuff.
So besides just Iron Maiden for your gaming week I know you picked up a new game because
you're a big fan of a gaming series that I used to like a lot but what how is your gaming
week.
What did you pick up.
It's Overwatch but you're specifically talking about MK 11.
I am so MK 11 you've been playing it.
What do you think.
The story was really good.
I really like how they are handling the particularly the female characters compared to how MK 9
looked in 2011.
But yeah the story is great.
You know Jennifer I love Jennifer Hale you know fem chef forever but I feel like her
voice is so recognizable to me that she just sounds the same even though I know she's doing
different characters like because she's asked from Overwatch she's chronic and MK 11 and
I'm like oh well that's Jennifer Hale.
She's the OG she's the amazing voice actress in all video games but I just hear her all
the time.
But you noticed who voiced her daughter Mary Elizabeth McGlynn.
Yes.
And Ronda Rousey who I know is problematic for a bunch of other reasons.
She did a good job.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Everyone's like when Sonya talks Ronda Rousey and I'm like her performance in this video
game is not one of the things you should be talking about.
She's a great Sonya.
I thought she was great.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Interesting.
But you know all the other crap we will leave to being outside the game I suppose.
So separate the art from the artist I guess.
So all right.
That was really all I want to give out since I can't talk about MK 11.
I thought maybe you'd want to say something.
So anything else for you.
It is on your wish list.
I was thinking about getting it for you but then you'd have to stream it and you'd be
like ew it's gross ew stop it and I don't want to waste like $60.
I've already had it threatened.
Good old Shane keeps saying you need to get Five Nights at Freddy's VR.
Don't you want to stream Five Nights at Freddy's VR?
Like Five Nights at Freddy's VR would be fun for the following reasons.
OK.
So Rob I know we haven't talked in a day but last night I made a list of 20 reasons why
you should have Five Nights at Freddy's VR.
Aside from getting you the game he needs to write like a check like to the charitable
organization of your choice.
I will play it for five minutes if you give five hundred dollars to the Southern Poverty
Law Center and he's like I'm never doing that.
And you're like well then I guess we have our answer.
I'm going to remember that one for later.
I'll probably get it.
Thank you Alan.
Thank you for crashing the show.
Your opinion is always welcome.
You know that.
I bought it and I almost purchased it today.
I'll play it I guess.
I don't really like Five Nights at Freddy's.
My God he does not stop talking about Five Nights at Freddy's.
It's everything that comes out of his mouth is Five Nights at Freddy's.
He's playing Five Nights at Freddy's Roblox stuff.
I'm telling you when I did that panel with the voice actors at Dragon Con like I was
thinking it was going to be people like Shane like you know just like but no it was all
like 12 year olds in the audience.
The kids love it.
It could be Fortnite.
It could be worse.
It could be Fortnite.
That's true.
It could be girls in Fortnite but just mostly the creative mode.
But yeah it's like it's just it's all about Five Nights at Freddy's.
It's like always just spewing Five Nights at Freddy's facts.
And like you know I always got that thing from like my wife about how she would say
that I talk about games too much.
It's like it's always games games games.
It's like I never thought I would get to the point where I get annoyed about hearing
about something from somebody about a similar topic over and over.
But here we are at this point where I was like I really don't give a shit about Five
Nights at Freddy's that I need to hear about this much about this one game.
But dad did you know.
Dad did you know.
Did you know.
Did you know.
Daddy I have something to tell you.
OK.
You know in Five Nights at Freddy's you know sister location you get blah blah blah blah
blah.
And in this one they have a nightmare Freddy you can do this and twisted this and I like
I don't care.
I swear to God I need to make an overlay for our twitch thing that like takes the sidebar
away and puts tangent train with a little train ground because right now it still says
I am made in lawsuit and how disconnected have we become from that topic at this point.
It's just funny.
Incredible.
Welcome to Orange Lounge Radio y'all.
All right.
Moving on.
Speaking speaking of things in places where they don't belong what do we have next.
Yes.
We have cars getting more games so apparently for some reason you can port or you're going
to be able to play Cuphead in a Tesla because that's a neat thing to do I guess.
I'm not sure why you want to do that trip but it's only compatible I guess with a wired
USB controller so you can't do any touch screen stuff.
But why the hell would you want to in the first place.
Sorry you can't play with the steering wheel.
But yeah.
So it's neat that you can play a game on it.
And Bob.
Bobby does point out it only works in park so it's not for the passenger which is probably
for the best that these things only work when the car is parked.
Yes.
So neat.
It's a neat unnecessary thing.
Can you sit there and play it while you're waiting for the car to charge because I imagine
the inflow from the chargers far outweighs what it costs to play the game.
Maybe might be a way to kill time while you're waiting.
I don't know.
So that might be a neat idea.
Yeah.
Or how about you know Bob.
Bobby says it's for the supercharger stops.
Yes.
That's what it's for.
That's what all the Atari games are for.
So I hit it.
I hit.
I feel.
Wow.
My mind.
It's just like Elon Musk's.
Wow.
Maybe we can get Xbox Game Pass or their streaming service or something like that in on that.
And I think that's a pretty clever idea though because you know that's the one thing that
some people have reservations about the Tesla is that with the big road trips you have
to kind of make the stops you know and you might have to stop a little bit longer than
you might have to at a gas station to charge the car a decent amount.
But you know Tesla's thinking of these ways to make that time passing a little more fun
which I'm still I still would be I would be interested in a Tesla someday you know maybe
when my current car gives out if the price on those things keeps coming down and as technology
gets better and better and the rest of the auto industry is responding you know with
things like Prius Prime and the other you know electrical cars are seen out there I'm
just so curious what's going to look like in just a few more years.
So anyhow.
All right.
They said though it isn't the full version of Cuphead.
Apparently Tesla has some storage limitations and so only Inkwell aisle one section is available.
Well then you should be able to continue on to download the next section instead you know
as you go along.
Yeah.
Or you know maybe expandable memory expandable storage because I'm sure that right now Loki
is it a car or a game console.
Come on.
Why not.
Both.
All right.
I still like the idea that there's like pole position on those cars but you actually use
the steering wheel.
I would like to see Mario Kart but you actually use the steering wheel.
I forgot to mention during game day it's probably not technologically possible but give give
Tesla.
I played the I forgot I did play the beta test for the mobile marker I've heard it's
controversial as some of the microtransactions yeah it's it's all right.
I wouldn't play very long comes the tangent range you know I'm just that's all I got.
What.
Tell us.
Tell me a little more about it.
So like the controls are OK.
But yeah it is pretty heavy on the microtransactions I played a few races in there.
I still don't like the controls like didn't seem that it seemed kind of floaty for me
but I don't know I don't know if I could see myself playing it for a very long time.
It was cool to try out though.
I guess we'll see when the game releases.
Who knows.
Anyhow before we get to our listener roundtable if you have some questions in our chat room
or you want to give us a call via our discord server over at vog network dot com slash discord.
Before we get to that let's talk about the Contra collection because you know Konami
had that arcade collection not that long ago they just recently did the Castlevania collection
which I picked up and some people are looking forward to the Contra collection and the full
list of what will be available in that collection has been announced including Contra the arcade
version Super Contra the arcade version Super C on the NES Contra 3 on the Super Nintendo
that was nice Contra hardcore on the Sega Genesis Contra on the NES Contra on the Famicom
Operation C on the Game Boy, Probo Protector on the Sega Mega Drive which is kind of like
Contra adjacent and Super Pro Protector Alien Rebels on the Super Nintendo.
They were reskins for Europe.
Ah gotcha so that's what those are so that is all coming out let's see oh by the way
they also announced the Japanese games will be included in an in like a patch that follows
a little later on so there is that as well that's pretty cool $20 they haven't dated
it yet I thought they did so now could this be hinting at something bigger and perhaps
this is one of those 21 games we're going to learn about next week or a little over
a week a German retailer net games has posted a new Contra game on switch PlayStation 4
and Xbox one all sharing a release date of September 24th 2019 this is a from the collection
so could after all Konami had pretty good success when they rebooted bomber man could
Contra be next on their list I'll be very interesting to see so maybe that's maybe that's
something in store for e3 we'll see I fully look forward to Contra act zero you never
know you never know all right yeah dark to see and chat over twitch TV slash vlog network
says I didn't think this listing was for Contra collection yeah so if this new one is good
I'd be down yeah it's all about what they plan to do with it that's for sure so we'll
see so anyway I'm gonna get discord up here so we can actually take some calls and discord
and if you have questions in our chat room over at twitch TV slash vlog network you can
ask away there as well while I'm getting set up here since I'm a couple weeks out of practice
Loki do we have any last minute stories things we want to talk about before we get there
uh no I know I thought we had extra stuff we didn't come oh yeah I'm fine new stuff
I need to talk about okay well I do one and then I'll get to a call all right fine so
I I did bring up earlier when we're talking about the new R type thing so that was pretty
awesome that they're gonna have that Kickstarter well there's stuff checks quest the remaster
finally came out so you can check it out and they added the third episode so that's
pretty cool you can actually play that I think for free where can we download that is it
checks quest calm or something I don't know yeah checks mix comm slash checks quest and
you can download it and play it I'm so excited I'm going to get right on that while I are
asked did they announce a developer for the contra collection m2 did the Castlevania
collection and that's why it was really good hamster did the arcade collection that's why
it was really bad I didn't realize they had different developers I thought I thought m2
is doing them all but I guess not one other thing we can talk about so John Romero made
a new doom mod or super water make a wad for the game so it's called sigil you can go check
that out as well so that's a pretty cool thing yeah you can get that at Romero games
dot IE slash sigil it with a six instead of a G all right and no I can't I tried googling
it and I don't I don't see who is actually doing that yet so we'll have to wait and see
so orange right thinks it's got to be m2 though so yeah I kind of I kind of agree with that
so all right well let's get to some calls at vog network.com slash discord and we've
brought our first person into chat so let's say hello hi you're on orange on radio who's
this yeah this is middle man ham how are you hey I'm good how are you buddy I'm pretty
good you know actually the lineup of your topics it was perfect timing because I was
planning on talking about retro collections sure as we all probably know very very well
you know retro collections have been coming out for ages at least since the 16-bit generation
sure super mario all-stars was a retro collection of sorts right exactly so it you know I was
wondering if I have a two-part question a do you have like a particular favorite retro
collection and B has there been any collections they have not come out yet for whatever reason
that you would like to see okay good questions a what is your favorite retro collection thus
far any any answers to that I would actually say honestly even though I just said it super
mario all-stars like set the bar in many ways like yeah it really you know it kind of reskin
those games and especially like the way mario one kind of looked was really transformed
and it brought you know the lost levels which we all know was mario 2 in japan to us for
the first time and I thought I think was just such a bang-up well-done collection and with
as much shit as we give nintendo on this show for some of their choices such as the mario
maker multiplayer man when they invest in something like that like a retro collection
like they they do a really good job I did like the mega man legacy collection yeah that was pretty
good yeah those are pretty good too uh dar sakura you you're a big retro gamer what do you have any
retro collections that you're a fan of uh we haven't bought any in so long I mean we've got
some of the title collections we have um well I mean I did just last year grab salamander deluxe
pack for the sake of saturn so that's a retro collection I mean it's really kind of hard for
us to pick up any of the newer ones because we either have the original title or we have another
collection that's got it in there so you know I would say the other standouts that come to my
mind before we get to question b uh I would say the other stand is my mind the grottiest collection
on psp was very well done and the psp just in general you know we kind of look back on it as
you know it was in some ways was ahead of its time there were some really good games on it like it
had the best version of fantasy 4 although that wasn't a red that wasn't a retro collection but
yeah the grottiest collection on psp was great uh and I would say the midway arcade treasures
were pretty good for their time they had you remember those the midway arcade treasures I
think was on the original xbox uh as well as it might have been on 360 I think it was the original
xbox as well as like playstation 2 and those were some good collections of um you know 80s arcade
games at the time you know midway put out some really good uh games back in the day and you know
things like root beer tapper and robotron and it was this really good collection I think they had
three of those at the end of it because I think the third one was all like racing games but the
first two uh especially were really really solid so um yeah those are my answers uh act deft points
out in our chat room the sega genesis collections are really great too oh yeah I think playstation
yeah those are xbox 360 had that sega mega genesis collection or whatever yeah those are pretty good
those are really good yeah that was a sega did a great job with those on console so um yeah so
then metal mayhem's b question was what's a retro collection you would like to see
that's a pretty good question as well uh loki uh that's a tough one um
I don't know I mean there's just so much stuff out there I would like to see maybe like uh just a
I don't know we already got in like a Nintendo collection too with like the NES classics so
uh I don't know I don't have an answer for that I guess if I'd like to see anything I would love
to see like a collection um a new collection of dreamcast or uh sega Saturn games I want a PC
engine um shooters compilation like some of the ones we never got in the US um and another
actually the ginga density series that came out on PSP in Japan love to have that come out of
here because I think people need to play sapphire uh how about that second it sets
who collection in the us I'd like to see that which by the way did make our show world tonight
but I believe uh there was one of those trademark filings that said collection of mana so that that
might be one of the 21 yeah there you go there that might be that's you know I mentioned earlier
there's your screen yeah so that that one could be real and again that is a big fucking deal
if they get second three if second three is a part of it which may explain why it's taken
a long time to get from the Japanese version to here if they cut second three then my my
answer is null and void but there is a fan translation that has been deemed as free use
oh yeah the roms already but even the the Japanese text in the graphics have been translated I would
love to see and for them to put out that collection here I would love them to see
add secretive evermore I know that game gets shit on as the square USA title but I think
there were some great there were some great moments in that game that are worth you know
and it's it's it was Jeremy Saleh's first composition so you know he went on to do you
know what guild wars and elder scrolls and all that stuff what if we had a new Sega ages fantasy
star collection or Sega ages does such good retro stuff well I've got the the first fantasy star
Sega ages one the Japanese one and it's pretty beautiful I mean we played it with a friend
translating it for us but it was great or or or or or I want a grandia collection like all three
grandia games I would as they were I would like to see this is going to be a little bit cliche
but I would like to see a final fantasy collection on switch that's one through six but takes the PSP
version of most of those or the Game Boy Advance version of like six some of those yeah none of
the 3d stuff yeah but I mean or both porque no los dos have them both so uh but let me choose
if I want to play Final Fantasy 4 in 2d or in 3d I shouldn't I shouldn't the 3d was okay but
obviously since my memories go back to Final Fantasy 2 on the Super Nintendo right that's
just how that game is always going to be for me I was just still tickled we got you know that
Castlevania collection with Rondo of Blood and everything yeah because fucking Rondo of Blood is
probably the bet well I will say Symphony of the Night or Nocturne in the Moonlight is probably
one of the best Castlevania games ever but Rondo was fucking badass yeah with the multiple paths
and everything huh so Metal Mayhem before I let you go what retro collection would you like to see
uh well I think it's been done on the PS2 already but unfortunately I never got it
so I'm gonna say uh Samurai Showdown collection for PC
know that yeah I know that you know Samurai Showdown 2 and 5 are available on both steam and
dog around those two games are great but my personal favorite is 4 because I sunk entire
paychecks into you know Samurai Showdown 4 while I was in college way back in the day I have not
been able to play in that game since and I I know if you want to go the shady route you can
illegally download DRAM but you don't want to go down to that route I want I want to support
SNK you know hey hey dark to see he's got some good news for you there is a Samurai Showdown
Neo Geo collection that's happening on the Switch this fall uh well that's great if you're on the
Switch but I don't know who to switch so well a lot a lot of those show up on PC so you might get
lucky you might get lucky so all right well Metal Mayhem we're gonna let you go so we can get some
more calls but thank you that's a good question tonight and uh we'll see you next time all right
have a good one you too buddy take care all right let's get to another call hello you are on Orange
Tons Radio who's this hey this is Acteft hey Acteft it's good to hear from you buddy what's up
well I want to talk about the Pokemon conference that happened this week yeah I've been kind of a
little bit out of the loop on Pokemon so I'd love to hear your thoughts I mean obviously
Pokemon Sleep was a thing but uh what what were your what was your thoughts on it well yeah
Pokemon Sleep was probably like not necessarily the biggest but the most interesting of all of all
the announcements they made especially because it's it seems kind of weird for Niantic in this
case and also Pokemon Company and Nintendo to to focus on that but if if if we look back to
the Vitality sensor and other stuff that Nintendo has tried to to do with health and all that stuff
and in the past it's it's something like okay I can see it work again not necessarily something
that most people will be like really excited about but me personally I'm really like interested
in it and and how it works and and probably can how can it uh benefit or how can it help for
for our health but but yeah aside that uh we also had uh some really great and big announcements too
like uh you already talked about Detective Pikachu on Switch and and it's something like okay since
I didn't get the 3DS version I'm really excited to get that on Switch I heard it's not the greatest
game or the most difficult but it seems like if you like the movie if you like the story and
you want to like explore a little bit more of the lore it seems like a good option but also like
Pokemon making its way to China it's like a really big deal that is that is a very big deal
you're right uh it's a heck of a thing to uh to um overlook but obviously that's something that's
not going to impact this market but sure as Pokemon on a global scale uh Pokemon coming to
China is a huge deal yeah and and and this is certainly not the biggest game like it's Pokemon
Quest and it isn't that great of a game uh but at least for like making its way like Pokemon making
like its appearance official appearance at least in China it's it's gonna be huge I think and
hopefully it it will work and maybe the market there will expand like a lot because uh I think
currently you cannot play Pokemon Go in China so it's like no maybe that will change in the future
but yeah I don't even know if Ingress is a thing in China I think I think it actually I think it
does exist but I yeah I don't even know to like yeah I think actually there is Ingress uh and
stops and things like that so it's the infrastructure set up for it uh with all the stops and the the
spawns but yeah I don't know if it's actually there or if it's firewalled out or what so
um be interesting to see what develops with that for sure yeah that's that's gonna be like really
really great to see and again hopefully it will work for Pokemon Company uh on China but the
future will tell um other thing uh a style Pokemon Home that's gonna be like I'm really excited about
that actually like it's it's probably like the most the the thing that most people like are
really like hyped about yeah and basically and you already talked about it but I'm gonna
try to explain it like uh briefly it's basically you can transfer any Pokemon to the cloud
from your 3DS like the virtual console games and and the sixth generation seven generation uh also
from Pokemon Let's Go, Pokemon and Pokemon Go even like it's gonna be awesome that you can transfer
all to the cloud and you can move them to Pokemon Sword and Shield and that's gonna be like really
really great because uh like it's it's really a hassle for for those who want to complete the
Pokedex like have in this case it's gonna be like over 900 Pokemon at this point so it's like yeah
like having like your Pokemon from like spare Pokemon from Pokemon Go and even Let's Go and
other and other and the other game sorry it's gonna be like really great to complete uh your
Pokedex and just focus like oh I only need the the ones from this generation or I don't need
that many so it's that it's gonna be really really good and again most people are really
I'm really excited about that one I hope I hope that the service doesn't cost that much because
Pokemon back is I think it's like five dollars a year yeah so hopefully it doesn't hopefully
doesn't like uh go up in price that much but still it will be like a really great service
hopefully yeah and I'm really curious like the balancing there I mean it sounds like you know
it's going like you're not like taking stuff and putting it in Pokemon Go or whatever but it
sounds like Gen 8 is going to kind of account for all that um and before I let you go I'd actually
like to ask your opinion uh since we know we have a big Pokemon Direct next week focusing on Gen 8
I'm just kind of curious like what are your hopes and dreams for the Pokemon Direct this coming week
um my hopes and dreams I hope I hope and I have some really big hopes and dreams for for this but
mostly I just want the release date and maybe uh some to see some of the new Pokemon on on this uh
new game certain shield I'm pretty sure you'll get just more info yeah yeah sorry that's fine
I was gonna say there's probably a lot of things that we just haven't thought about yet but uh the
Pokemon games tend to have a lot of you know sub games within them so I'm sure we're going to learn
about a lot of that in the the Pokemon Direct this week so and before I go uh just I want to
also mention the last thing that they mentioned on the Pokemon conference all right that Pokemon
Masters game if if anyone that knows like those type of game the gacha games like Fire Emblem
Heroes Dragalia Lost another many many games of the type if if it works correctly if it if it's
at least decent this game will explode like you have no idea because if people like are eating
stuff like Fire Emblem Heroes and Fire Emblem Heroes it's like Fire Emblem isn't that big yet
it's it's still kind of niche niche uh a niche uh franchise franchise sorry here in America
Pokemon is gonna blow that up like wow I'm really really excited about that but at the same time I'm
really worried I I can see that it's always uh it's always scary territory uh especially when
you know things are like things that are kind of underground are starting to all of a sudden blow
up but I think it'll I think it'll I think it'll be fine hopefully all right my friend I'm gonna
let you go so we can squeeze in one more call but thanks so much for the call appreciate it
hey thanks for having me anytime take care buddy all right let's try to squeeze in one more call
because I saw one other person join the green room I want to get them on so hello you're on
orange sounds radio who's this oh huggy hello this sounds like first mate slide kick from
game buoy am I correct yes and the library is open oh wait that's from show yeah wrong show
so many podcasts I just say hey girl hey hey well so I now look uh since we got emails tonight we're
not allowed to recap the finale of drag race although you know the right person won yes she
did but anyway what's on your mind in the gaming world tonight so um I've been lately devouring all
of the news from the shadowbringers media tour I feel like every time I call in lately it's
about final fantasy 14 surprise uh but I don't know if you've been following lately but um
you know they talked about a lot of the changes to like the battle system that they've kind of
been teasing um they had the live letter that had all those memes about uh you know the sound
issues and stuff and then they had the media tour so uh you know a lot of people are comparing the
changes to some of the changes we saw in wow uh you know I don't remember what expansion it was
but uh one of the things is like the tanks are basically just having a tank stance for
you know generating aggro but otherwise uh you know a lot of the like enmity rotations are gone
healing like they took away a lot of the emphasis on dps and I've seen a lot of people like upset
about it and um feeling like the game's being dumbed down and then especially they have like
the charged actions which you know we've seen those in wow too so a lot of people feeling like
it's just you know turning into more and more of a wow clone I'm curious if you're what are your
thoughts about it I think people should give it a chance we need it we haven't seen how these
end game raids look like we have I think anytime you got the expansion that goes in there rebalances
things people get freaked out I mean why is wow classic a thing you know because due to all the
innovations wow has made people say oh but I I missed the days when it was complicated and you
had to be level 40 to get a mount and there was weapon skill and now that like blizzard is putting
out exactly that people are complaining about well these are bugs you know and it's a feature not a
bug I think I think people should like just feel it out and give it a chance a little bit I think
especially when it comes to things like you know just making sure that all tank moves get threat
instead of having to do these basic combos and things like that like the those sorts of things
make sense to me and that maybe healers right dpsing so much uh those sort of things make sense
and and a lot of the moves they've been showing uh like the death knights getting clones and the
astrologians having more zodiac influence things and stuff like a lot of it looks really cool and
I'm here for it so um yeah I mean you know just as MMOs evolve and update and and want to innovate
every few years you know these are things that are are going to change um I'm fortunate enough
that I I know a couple of people that got to go to the media tour and everything everyone that has
had their hands on it that I've talked to had positive things to say about it so I'm looking
forward to it as well I was a little salty about fall fantasy 14 when they didn't do the boy bunnies
but I've had enough time to you know get the fuck over it I suppose maybe next expansion uh and I'm
excited for the the different job stuff and I think you know a lot of the stuff that isn't getting a
lot of focus I think is going to be a big deal for some people I know such as the whole trust thing
and the fact that you can just go through these new dungeons I don't think they work in the old
dungeons but you can go through the new story for shadowbringers um you can use these trusts to run
the dungeons with you and you don't have to interact with other people so if you're nervous
about tanking or healing or something that you know there's one of you and not a lot of room to
uh if you're nervous about that and you don't want to do that with other people because you're
afraid you're gonna you know screw up other people's experiences you can do it yourself
with trust now and I think that's a huge thing for people um so I think there are a lot of great
things that they're doing um it sounds like there's still more to come because they aren't
talking about pvp at all have you noticed that and I think they said yeah it's gonna sit on that
until 5.1 and let everybody experience the pve for a couple months and then get into pvp stuff
because square's not gonna let that go for final fantasy 14 yet they still would like to see that
a thing and actually if you do get in there and do the pvp it's really well done it's I've never
done pvp and uh but I've heard that it's not too um inaccessible that you know it's uh that's
pretty fun well what's interesting it it dumbs down the rotations you have way less buttons
that you use in pvp and uh yeah the the matches are are neat like I really like doing the wolves
den because like you know when you eliminate somebody a big uh thing comes up on the board
it says little pound cake has eliminated such and such and the metals it's just it's the
presentation and the pop and circumstance is really well done which you'd expect out of a
modern final fantasy title I'm sure yeah I mean I think that a lot of the changes seem like really
good quality of life changes and I think once people get their hands on it they'll be like okay
I don't know what I was complaining about um in my opinion too where the bar is set with
final fantasy 14 in the expansion is the story and we don't talk about this enough like realm
reborn story was okay it was it was good it was passable because you know they had a lot they had
to do with that game to reinvent what was a shit game uh the 1.0 final fantasy 14 but when we got
into the expansions heavensward and stormblood like those stories are like some of the best
if not maybe the best in the in the entire franchise not ever agreed a fan of stormblood
story like I thought especially I loved it from yeah from 4.0 to 4.1 oh my god like I was shook
at the ending to stormblood and what they did with that I was like not not this not the four
five ending but like I don't want to spoil it but there's definitely like a cinematic sequence that
happens at the end when everybody comes together and I was just like holy shit I was not expecting
that but that was powerful you know yeah right mm-hmm so yeah so before I uh let you wrap things
up um knowing that you got your start with vdr and bimani and everything are you like totally
thrilled that there's almost a rhythm game element to playing dancer with all the little steps and
stuff uh it reminds me of that suzaku fight where you have the little arrows you have to kind of
turn around yeah I think it's cute I think it's cute that they have a little bit of the rhythm
game influence in there uh with the dancer I don't know if you know this but um it's kind of
like ninjas with the is it easy to dancer it's I see what you did there but yeah you hit these
little you hit these little notes or you hit these little uh keys in time with something and it's it
does the actions it's funny I'm totally gonna play dancer but not at first but everybody's gonna play
dancer at first and I'm gonna focus on my healer I'm not and then uh get into you know actually
what I really want to play is machinist because yeah changed machinist so now come on automaton
queen yeah final fantasy 14 machinist is now like edgar in final fantasy 6 yeah and they even
showed the poison the was like is a move that you can do and I was like dang this is cool so I'm
really excited about that yeah myself is the only final fantasy 8 fanboy in the world basically
I'm totally here for gunbreaker it looks super fun and uh yeah yeah I can't wait so I'll see you in
game yeah I can't believe the expansion is the end of this month it's sooner rather than later
it's just really exciting so all right my friend I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up but
everybody should be listening to game buoy.org video game podcast game buoy.org video game
podcast thanks for letting me call in you're welcome anytime baby take care bye
all right uh first makes light kick from game buoy.org so I think with that we will close up
our discord calls for tonight and we're gonna move on to wrapping up the show tonight
I want to thank everybody for uh being here throughout the show despite the technical
difficulties uh for the podcast listeners you didn't really have to sit through much because
we'll stitch it together but for your twitch folks it was a little bit of a hot mess there
sorry about that lesson learned I'm gonna move that button off of my switch deck because I
I never use it anyway I click on and off on the screen I'm putting my foot back on here because
someone was excited to see it maybe it might be creepy they might have a foot fetish uh that's
going to do it for another episode of orange andrea thank you for being here thank you for
listening whether it was the podcast or live we really appreciate you being here we'll be back
to do it again in seven days we'll be right in the midst of e3 it's going to be an exciting time
I'm really excited to hear what is microsoft's plan for the future it's gonna like we're really
gonna get a sense of what their direction is I'm really excited to hear it and we're not gonna
ship bricks we're gonna shoot rainbows because it's also pride yeah yes it is pride here in
sacramento happy pride month happy pride I didn't go to the extent it's spelled june but it's
pronounced pride I I didn't go to the extent to make a rainbow background or anything like that
because like if y'all have y'all put up with my rainbow ass for 17 years I'm you know but
remember fight by erasure fight pan erasure fight ace erasure yes rainbow means variety means more
than one thing means there are more than six colors in that rainbow all right anyway uh but
happy pride month nonetheless to everybody um that's it I think we're gonna wrap up get around
go around and get everybody's final thoughts kong hat and wrap up for that you didn't even notice
look at the bottom look at the bottom of that yeah right it has a little I don't know if that comes
through on twitch very well I'll get up I'll get up towards the cam while you're doing your final
thought it actually has like the railings and all that stuff girl I need one let me show you why
don't you do your final thought and then loki does his and I'll show the twitch listeners do a final
thought because my head is too herdy like because I have had like the the sickness of the the con
crud and the allergenus yeah you can kind of see it on there barely it's enough it's enough extreme
but um but I I have the pain of the centuries in my head because my head is full of is a
nightmare of snot and tiny jackhammers all right well feel better I'm I'm right there with you
suffering with the the Chicago plague or what I think there's just cold going around everywhere so
yeah but you know how to well not just con crud but being around Disneyland sure and me on an
airplane so similar um but man if you've never done solo Disney fucking do it let's see my
final thought for the night is um I am just I it's I was very very busy all of the weekends
and during the weekend stuff leading up to my Chicago trip just by coincidence and now
I feel like I don't have as busy of a social calendar and I think that's a good thing I'm
gonna take some time I'm gonna take some me time and maybe go I'm gonna I'm gonna take some
inspiration from your solo Disney trip and maybe maybe I'm gonna go on a solo road trip and go
hiking or something I think that'll be a lot of fun you know what would be fun though manny
petties that would also be a lot of fun anyway uh Loki your final thought tonight uh my final
thought is that I'm gonna try to stream some more DDR this week I haven't been streaming every day
that I play because sometimes I just also want to just get 30 minutes in and then actually do
weightlifting this week though I did weightlifting after not doing weightlifting for a very long time
and I fucked up my arms for like the entire week so they're unfucked now so I get to uh
do it all over again watch watch your form just watch your form I need to get back in the gym
habit very bad I fell off that wagon you know with everything going on and then I'm sick I haven't
been able to go since I got back from Chicago so I'm really trying to get back on that I got told
not to weight lift I was I got the okay to go back into powerlifting because you know I was
powerlifting before I hurt my back I got up to like a deadlift of 200 and then with the problems with
my neck I got told to hold off on my powerlifting until my neck is dealt with oh wow so I'm very
upset by this because I like being able to to deadlift 200 pounds and watch guys like lose their
shit all right well hopefully you'll be clear do it again in the future anyway uh that's gonna do
it for another episode of Orange of Ontario we'll be back in seven days to do this during e3 so it's
the exciting time of year so we'll hope you join us then but until then
we're gonna fade to black for tonight thank you for being here tonight see you next week everybody
you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios
to join us for a live show tune into vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern
the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
you
