You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
All your days are belong to us.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain sexual and adult content, and many instances are the f-word, which is not safe for children.
1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4, 3, 2, 1
God damn you, stop calling here! Isn't this 4, 2, 1, 5 pussy wave? You bitch!
Let me check the zip code. You want to fuck you?
You have no morals.
I'd also like to add that I have my father's gun and a scorching case of herpes.
Kiss my grass, mooch.
Mecha licka hi, mecha hiney ho.
Oh my god, I hate growing up in public.
Me too!
Fucker yet?
I'm working on it.
Loser.
Lame!
On the side of my face.
Breathing.
Grassless.
Heaving grass.
Heaving.
Whatever.
Now you all just sit there and keep your mouth shut while I go listen to my written experience records.
The next director's up. I am your singing telegram.
Somewhere inside the state of California in the great nation of the United States of America on the planet Earth,
Orange Lounge Radio is now on the air.
You're tuned in to the Bimani scene's newest and greatest radio station of all things Bimani.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, is my lovely co-host, Jamie Summers, also known as DarkSakura.
Welcome back!
Yeah, I'm back, and I'm sad.
I am 100% glad to be back. The trip was interesting, to say the least.
And we'll definitely get into that a little bit more later, right, Jamie?
Oh, yes!
Alright.
So, this is episode number four for July the 14th of 2002.
We are joined in studio once again by many, many, many guests.
We've got Matt, Dave, hello, Dave's here, and Paul's here in the house.
And we'll be talking to all of them a little bit more later, but first we're going to take a real quick break.
Any other opening thoughts from you, Miss?
Did you say I get to break stuff?
Sure, if you want. Just not anything I own.
You can break my roommate's stuff, though. He's on vacation.
Oh, cool. I think I'll just break this thing over here.
All right, sounds good.
I'm going to start off this first break with a request here.
a couple requests in our chat room. Why don't you go ahead and join our chat room if you
want to. You just have to join IRC.Akeheads.org or any other side IRC chat server. One of
them would be also karma.othersideirc.net and then we're just in Channel Pound Orange
Lounge. It's just that easy. I've got a few requests in here. We're going to start it
off with from Chutiex7style, this is Dumond with Never Look Back.
I'm just here to stay
I'm here to stay
Masi o alu de yudanga nebo se mana koten
Asuri nan kashii ni naga za
Solano kara dakara
Nagale washi go mita
Iyasore washi ga u
Mada hiru managori
Blow my whistle, baby Open up and put it in
Lick it
Throw it like you made it blow
Let me hear you say, Louder Let me hear you say, Louder
Is that what you call loud?
Come on, let me hear you say
Let me hear you say
Louder
I said louder
You need to bring the beat back Blow my whistle, baby
And now it's time for Erotic Pop Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's
Do it all night. Do it with me.
No, no. That was awful. Bloody terrible. Do you take vocal lessons? Kill your teacher.
In the heat of the night.
Oh, God. I think my ears are bleeding.
I liked it.
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula. Next.
Oh, that was cool.
Do you even know why you're here? That was just bloody pathetic. Next.
That was just bloody pathetic. Next!
Come on baby, come on, do it with me.
Yes, yes, that's it! We have a winner!
A Star is Born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
That's right, A Star is Born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hey, they were saying that the old promos were getting a little old, so we had to make that new one before the show started tonight.
Now we have new old promos.
That's right, now we have new old promos to play the hell out with here.
Alrighty, a big hello to everybody by the way tonight in our chat room, we've got a
pretty crowded chat room there tonight, so thanks everybody for listening in, and those
last few songs were for some people that were listening in the chat room, we had Don't Look
Back and The Whistle Song were both requested, and I threw Jet Ninja in there too because
I know a lot of people like that one.
Thank you Paul for that lovely hooray.
Yes we have a hooray from the background.
Speaking of The Whistle Song, very interesting, I personally think it's the most interesting
song in Max 2 out of anything. And it was the one that probably got the biggest reaction
in the chat room. People going, oh yeah, I really want to hear this song, I don't know
why, it just really kind of gets in your mind and just messes with you to like, I hate this
song, this is the scrubbiest song on the face of the earth, when people play this in the
arcade, they sing along to it, and I want to kill myself. What is it about the whistle
saw? It was weird because when it first came out, you know, when Max 2 News was first coming
out, people said, oh, that song is going to be the most overplayed Max 2 song because
it has the word bitch in it. Then we find out they censored bitch and it just says baby.
I mean, unless you're looking at the banner, but whatever. It says baby in the actual song.
And people are afraid to play it because they don't want to play it out, right? I guess?
I don't know. They all play Sugaru. They all play Sugaru, which is not even as good as
the song. So instead they play Sugaru, play that out. But then it's like all of a sudden
somebody actually plays the whistle song and now it's like, oh, people are playing this
and it's pretty cool, and now the Whistle song is a cool song, but now it's getting
overplayed again. It's frustratingly catchy, that's the thing.
It's just infectious, it gets in my mind, and it never gets out.
It feels like burning! My brain! Any other interesting songs that you just
kind of totally changed your opinion on? Old school song, but love that feeling.
I hated that song, everybody hated that song, and then it kept coming up on my non-stops
on my lovely Dreamcast edition, so I learned to like it.
And then I was the only one who did.
Later on tonight we're going to be doing our very own version of Listless here, and we
are going to be determining the worst Bahmani song in history next to Let Them Move, because
Let Them Move, it's already given that wins, it's the worst Bahmani song in history.
We're going to determine the number two, second worst Bahmani song in history tonight.
It was officially the lowest on that list on that old survey that went on DDRFreak.
Do you remember that?
Was it?
I thought that it was Have You Never Been Mellow?
No.
No.
Have You Never Been Mellow was ranked a good bit higher than Let Them Move.
Love Machine wasn't even number one, so that lived.
Yeah.
See, Have You Never Been Mellow is cool because it was made just to spin around the whole
time on the maniac steps.
You can spin the entire thing and it's pretty fun.
You can do that on the trick steps too.
And then you go try to step off the stage and you fall on your ass. It's funny
I thought that was a butterfly where you just go spin spin spin spin spin spin aye yi yi yi yi
Butterfly has a few chops in it and get a little scary and it's been done. You know. I don't think anyone can top
What's been classic?
Do you think there will ever be a great butterfly routine from here on out?
Do you think anybody has the balls to do Butterfly anymore?
Let's just ask Kyle Snyder.
I put out a challenge. I put out a challenge.
I want to see a fucking great either Butterfly or Boom Boom Dollar.
Like somebody needs to just get old school and blow us all away.
There's already been some really good Boom Boom Dollar routines I guess.
I saw one video, I don't remember, I believe it was off Music Gaming Zone.
These two Korean guys doing Booboom Dollar and it was pretty awesome.
I mean, I've seen a lot of crappy routines from Booboom Dollar, but that was probably
the only one that actually stood out my mind as being good.
Chat room does seem to agree here, Snyder owned Butterfly and that's it, the end.
So that's two songs he owns, because isn't he the king of Trip Machine Jungle or something
like that too?
He is a butterfly no kamisama.
And oh, Cory, ok Cory, we have Virtu in the chat room and he says at CVGL next Saturday
he will do it.
I will totally be there to do that.
I hope it's as good as the burning heat routine Cory, that's all I have to say.
I don't know if I'm going to make it to CVGL unfortunately, I might be there, but we're
hoping, and this is something we want to do in the future, we're going to be taking our
little kit out remote, we've got some remote tape stuff, and we're going to do some interviews
out and about at some different tournaments and things, and we'll be bringing them back
to the show and playing them all for you.
So hopefully Jamie can get out there.
Let's see who wants to give Jamie a lift.
I'm taking donations now.
If I go, I will definitely take you, but I do have Understation Live on Saturday night,
which I committed to, so I'd have to run back early just so I can make that show.
So anyhow, why don't we get into Jamie's F.U. of the Week, because a lot of what we want
to talk about today revolves around Jamie's F.U. of the Week.
So I am going to turn it over to Jamie and she's going to give us, like she does every
week, we've had to fill in for her the past few weeks because she's been gone, but she
has an F.U. of the week every week and so Jamie, tell us your F.U. of the week.
My F.U. of the week has to do with Anime Expo.
First of all, I was going expecting to see some new anime, something that I hadn't seen
before.
They played the same crap that you can buy at Suncoast.
This is stuff that I've either already had for months or a couple stuff for years, and
it was all just this commercial crap.
And then I go in the dealer's room, okay, last year I was so excited, I was like, I'm
in a jungle, buy a bench laserdisc, $5 game.
They had like five laserdiscs that were $5, all the rest were $30, $40, which is still
good for laserdiscs, but still, you know, I want my $5 laserdiscs.
I walked out of AX last year with 20 laserdiscs.
This year, not a one, although I did see this really cool little Initial D racing car thingy
that's like the size of my thumb.
I will say that is very cool.
Oh, it's adorable.
That almost makes the whole trip worth it right there.
I've decided that I'm officially going to get a 1983 Toyota Corolla hatchback and paint
it up like the Initial D car.
They had one there and it was adorable and I just picture of you.
And another thing, this is my other ramp, okay, the cosplay was great.
There were lots of people in really awesome costumes, and I found a massive angel pictuary group.
But I was in my Mad Hatter costume, which if anybody wants to see, it looks like I'll find you pictures later.
But people kept asking me if I was doing J-Rock cosplay.
I'm like, no, I'm not from Alice Meyser! No, go away, leave me alone.
But I got glomps a lot, so that was cool.
Do explain to all of us what a glomp is, for those that don't know.
It's when people randomly run up to you and latch onto you.
Right on.
When you get hugged by screaming fanboys and fangirls.
Don't you get glumped when you play DDR, Dave?
Yes, I get glumped by beautiful women wearing bikinis.
And then you wake up!
Ladies love the knee drops.
It breaks out as no old school A-team.
Dave, for those that don't know, is the guy that likes to play Demon Road over at Roseville
Golf Land, and he likes to do the knee drops on Paranoia while he's trying to do an oni.
That is winter.
What's even better is for the people who can do that and actually make it through the course.
You think that's going to be a new trend, is freestyling the only courses?
It's like, what's left to do?
Yeah, I freestyle waka-laka.
It's hard, but you can throw in a few stuff there.
Not much, but Paranoia definitely adds more stuff.
You can spin and hand plant, knee drop, all that stuff.
Rad.
Hey Dave, Virtu's challenging you in the chat room to a freestyle oni.
Ooooh.
Ooooh.
Well, I think...
You better back that up.
You better bring it.
I know that I definitely could not even do Demon Road at all without freestyling, but
with freestyling I'd make it to, at most, the fifth song, if I really did well.
You know, actually I'd like to issue out a challenge of my own too.
Oh, well it's challenge night here on Orange Lodge.
A few people already know of this challenge, but actually my edit is on SoCalCakes page
right now, my DXY edit another.
For whoever full combos it or gets a 90% perfect attack, I will take them out to dinner.
What kind of dinner?
What will be on the course for this lovely dinner?
Sushi, of course, or something maybe out back.
I got an idea.
How about we go to Hometown Buffet?
Hometown Buffet!
the true Sacramento cow town way we're gonna go home we will go to JJ North
there a little better you know I live right of cake we live the studio here is
right up the street from a nice little oriental buffet I see Cory's comment
there I will make sure that you get a copy of this one way or another also uh
it is available I've figured out finally how to update our website all nicely so
We did update the links page today, and the very last link there leads to one of the listeners
of the show, SoCalKicks.
He has a nice little page there, and it has edits on it, and Jamie's edits are downloadable
there.
He said it might be broken, but I know he'll fix it, especially after I just plugged his
site here.
He'll figure out a way to fix it now.
I can also mirror those edits on sacbemani.com and on darksacra.com.
I also have another challenge attached to my Look to the Sky edit for whoever full combos
it.
I'll give you a GameCube pin.
Speaking of edits, actually, I should start posting mine on my website there.
Maybe I'll post that link next week or something like that.
All right, cool.
Sounds cool.
So going back to Anime Expo, there's a question I want to ask.
And I think a lot of people want to know the answer to this.
Why is it that there seems to be this correlation between anime and DDR,
Besides the obvious that they're both from Japan, I mean that's the obvious, why is it
that a lot of people, not everybody, but I'd say a good 90% of people who love DDR love
anime?
You know, I've actually found out that a lot of the people that I used to know online through
my anime channels are people that are now like kind of big in the DDR world too.
a few people actually in Step Squad.
I knew them online before I knew them by DDR.
And by the way, hi Step Squad, whoo, okay, anyway.
But I also, you know, I think it was really cool that actually this is one of the coolest
things about AX is that AI supplied a bunch of machines for an arcade there.
They had a Max that was actually in a 1.5 cabinet.
Oh, right on.
They had Guitar Freak 5th, Drummania 4th, which I absolutely butchered my hands on.
That had Beatmania 3rd there, the 3rd core, the Mania 3 core.
Maybe I'm wrong here, because the chat room is telling me I've got Soka Gex saying he
doesn't watch anime, Joe Mama says he watches maybe 3 animes, and Virtu says they are the
same because it's Jappo.
Like I said, besides the obvious, they're both from Japan.
Any comments from you guys?
What do you think about the correlation between DDR and anime? Why is it?
The last time I watched anything that could be from Japan in cartoons was when I was in sixth grade and watched Pokemon.
Like maybe three times.
Pokemon, oh!
Oh yeah, that was real quality.
I went to see the very first movie and I was all by myself in the theater with one of my best friends, Amanda, who plays DDR in the Bay Area, some of you might know her.
And we had so much fun, but that's all.
I think that some people who like DDR like anime because lots of people who like video
games are into computer nerd-type people like Matt here.
I'm sure that he likes tons of stuff because he spends hours and hours on the computer.
So it's pretty fun.
That was just the most interesting face you just made.
It is true.
It's been 20 hours a day on the computer.
Pretty close to that, at least.
The correlation between anime and DDR, I think it's just because when people are into Japanese
pop culture, they're into everything, anime, the music, the video games, it's kind of all
one package deal, so that's probably why right there is because you find a lot of crossovers
with that kind of thing.
Is it kind of like similar to the correlation between the Renaissance Faire, Star Trek,
and bondage and S&M? Well, they all have scantily clad women in them at one point or another,
so then, hey, we'll play anything with boobs. Definitely. So, anything else you want to
add on that, Jamie? I think it's time to bring the lusty wench into the chat room. But, no,
it's basically, it's just like what Matt said, I think it's the whole fan base there. You
You know, you get into one, you hear about the next.
Like, my newest obsession is the whole J-Rock visual K thing, because, well, they're pretty
men in makeup.
Tell me about the J-Rock obsession.
What is it about the J-Rock that's just...
Because I notice it's like, you're...
For those that don't know, the Bamani Music and More program, which is on this station
when we're not live, all the music, we have every week, Jamie picks a song, and I pick
a song to play that's not in any Bamani game, but we think it should be.
And Jamie picked a J-Rock song, Luna C.
Such a whore for Luna C.
with Crazy For You for a Guitar Freak song, which would be a pretty damn good Guitar Freak
song, I have to agree with you.
But I noticed you're becoming obsessed with the J-Rock lately, what's up?
I kind of was for a little bit, and then I got really back into it during AX.
I actually bought a HIDE plushie, as in HIDE from Edge Japan, who killed himself in a very,
very controversial whole thing, but that's another story.
Anyway, I picked up a Luna C set over at AX.
There were lots of people.
There were the gacked sex kittens outside of the Hyatt Hotel, so it was all over the
place at AX.
Lots of people doing mana from Malus Miser cosplay.
I got back and just went and found all of my old MP3s and was really into it again.
Visual K owns.
Corey is challenging you.
He says that Glaze is better than Lunacy.
What do you think?
I'm a whore for Lunacy.
I'm sorry.
I love everything they've done.
Like Rosier is my favorite song that they've done and Love Song.
Also Dark Tetsuya is reminding us that in Guitar Freak's 8th Mix, which is being location
tested right now, there is going to be a Gax song covered in it, so that will be pretty
cool.
And also, Dark Tetsuya, he's saying, what's wrong with Renaissance hair?
There's nothing wrong with a Renaissance hair, just like there's nothing wrong with Star
Trek and there's nothing wrong with Bondage, it's all good.
Whatever you're into.
They all involve leather of some kind, you know, you've got your Klingons for your leather
and your blood pie.
There you go, it's a leather correlation.
and they are into big time S&M.
genre you know I mean it encompasses so much you can do anything with animation
now you know and DDR you know that they've actually started having
references to DDR to be money and some different anime now I can't think of any
up top my head you know even Konami is putting their
bemoni into their other games like Tokimeki Memorial dancing summer
vacation which I have and other things like that all right well if we're done
with the anime topic oh sure many of the songs from initial D are in Para Para
right on also there's an anime you might be familiar with the head of my
reference King of the hill I don't know if it counts as anime it's kind of more
like scribble may or something I'd say it's more like scribble may any who I'm
being given I'm being fed a lot of news here I as Corey vertu is somehow in the
know and he's giving me all this news here that he wants me to share with you
and get your reaction, not only in the chatroom, but those of you here in the studio that might
be hearing some of this news for the first time. So, I'm presenting to you a little segment
we call, Cory Gives Sky the News, and he reports it over the show. Okay, so we have an 8 mix.
Apparently if you use auto-base, or auto-whatever, instead of giving you a perfect, it's now
going to give you an auto and it's not going to count as part of your combo.
What do you guys think of that?
Yeah, I heard that before but he didn't say autobase, he just said instead of perfects
you get auto.
I'm like, what the hell?
There's no perfects.
They better take the short people into account.
Yeah, there should be a Jamie in the game for me to get the Jamie.
Well, no.
It's like if I'm at Spickels, the thing is too damn tall for me to reach the damn base
pedal.
If you have a chair that comes with it, then just boost up.
Jamie detected.
No, for everybody.
It's like, if I'm at Spickels, the thing is too damn tall for me to reach the damn bass pedal.
It's the type of chair that comes with it that just boosts up. Jamie detected.
You know, for every version of Drummania that they put out, they need to send a free stool and a booster seat for me.
Sorry, Drummania 7. Did I say 6? My bad.
They need to make the bass pedal higher.
You can have, like, adjustable bass pedal.
So the new Guitar Freaks and Drummania, they're going to have auto instead of perfect.
So that's pretty cool. It'll give you incentive to play with the auto bass.
But for those of us that are hype challenged in one way or another,
we're just going to have to get more magazines or a smaller chair or something.
Also in the news, you're going to be able to set different difficulty levels
for one player and two player for Guitar Freaks.
So one person can do beginner and the other can do extreme or whatever.
You can also change the difficulty of the extra stage before you enter it.
Oh, that's cool.
So you can do all your songs on Maniac and then be a chicken and do a basic extra stage or vice versa.
You just want the Maniac extra stage, just use a bunch of crappy songs to get to it.
Also, there's going to be reverse mode in it too, so you can flip it just like DDR's reverse mode and now the notes can come to the bottom.
So it can be like beat, guitar, mania.
That would be like, you know, rocker mode.
And also, in another Bomani Game News, I'm not sure what the source is for this,
must be a Jappo site or something.
He says that Beatmania 3 will be the last one too.
They are going to be putting out Beatmania 3, the final as well,
to correlate with the final five key, regular Beatmania.
That really makes sense because they hardly use the pedal anyway.
Oh, Paul's throwing his handset behind me.
It's one of our hoochie mommas.
So you're a hoochie momma then?
much to Vertu for providing all that news for us.
And it's all about the stupid swim park they have there and the laser tag and Beachhead
2000.
Although, Dave, tell them about your new trick for people when they're playing Beachhead
2000 for little kids.
Oh yeah, Beachhead, I'm not, I think Paul might have done this too, but I do it now
like a lot to little kids.
It has a counterweight to balance out the level of the controller that goes on your
head because it kind of does the VR, virtual reality type thing, where you place the controller
on your head with the little two joysticks coming off the bottom.
So the counterweight is behind the screen and you can kind of fit back behind all the
games and if you push down the counterweight then their controller that they've got their
face pushed into lifts off the ground.
And so you see these little kids holding on for dear life to the game.
So if you push the counterweight down you feel a kind of struggle and then it sort of
lifts off the ground and then you can hear like shouting and the parents going
what the fuck is this what's going on
I think this is all in theory, I don't know if you gave us a shot
I actually tried it several times yesterday
but the only problem is since I'm behind the machine I can't see the look on
their face when they poke their head out of the
VR game and look around going what's going on
What we'll do, maybe we'll take the remote out to Rosso Golf Land this Wednesday and we'll try
that on some people
orange louse bloopers and practical jokes
orange louse amazing bloopers
smile you're on orange louse camera
hopefully we'll get those on the website for you
so a ways to fuck with people in beachhead
have you guys figured out a way to mess with people in sumo yet?
for those that haven't seen sumo
the giant pokeball
it looks like you're climbing into a giant pokeball
and playing these like on a big screen tv
you've got these big plane games and stuff
and the ball moves as you fly the plane
i still thought it was funny when someone tried to climb on top of one
Oh yes, imagine this big red bubble with somebody piloting it, going all Evangelion on somebody,
and then there's somebody on top, and then there's people on the side, they're trying
to get you.
They're trying to get you!
I swear they are!
They want your brain!
But I wasn't sniffing your spicy brain.
Any other ideas on how to mess with people on other games?
No ideas yet, but I'm sure that you can just take a couple of hammers and pound on the
game.
It's like, shake it back and forth.
What's going on?
losing i'm not getting hit have someone play gun blade and then have them try to
write something
because you are made at the right for punishment
strike back for all
i've worked in working here i want to know how to mess with the gauntlet
legends players because those are the ones
their abscesses obsessive over the game as we are with ours i mean i a m date
i've seen people there all day long you know
red velcro is about to die a letter put in another twenty nine hundred don't
shoot food
nosy they played so much they people up the chair
And what I've seen, I know a couple of guys like who I just watched them play it.
It's like they accidentally leave it on free play for two minutes.
So they punch in ninety nine credits and they sit there all day.
And then whenever someone comes along, they dictate to them what to do.
It's like, OK, you go sacrificing yourself in front of the big fire breathing dragon
while I sit back and watch my little attacks.
No, but I think that we should go in all dressed up like the characters.
It's like Red Ogre has entered the building and we should just sit there
playing the game dressed up it's like move aside it's our turn to play make
them play the old gauntlet the other day old one oh make them play the old-school
gauntlet that old-school gauntlet rules so but they don't have an old-school
gauntlet machine at RV GL unfortunately needing haven't put that in the ultra
game I thought of the other game you know I noticed that when people make
fun of you while you're playing DDR they instantly go and play the WrestleMania
game so I want to know how to mess with those people that are put the the WWF
The one that's right in the front as you walk in?
Those Slim Jims, Adam, I don't know.
I think playing that awful WWF game in Gauntlet Legends is just punishment for now.
Until the Day of Reckoning, which they will burn!
Just come up to them, it's like wearing a bandana, snap into a Slim Jim, oh yeah!
Take it!
I think it's time for a break, what do you guys think?
Uh, I get to break more stuff?
Alright, we got lots of things to celebrate in the 2DX world this week.
We have 2DX 6 style coming out in just four more days.
days for the Japanese PlayStation 2s so you can order your import machine and then play
some 2DX at home. Also, I'm being told that after a few weeks of downtime, 2DXstyle.net
is back up and running, so if you haven't visited them yet, go visit our links page
and they've got a link on it to 2DXstyle. And if you don't know our website, it's at
OrangeLounge.skie.cx
and visit that one too while you're at it.
So in honor of these
such momentous 2DX events, I'm going to play a whole set of 2DX songs for you.
What do you say?
I say okay. Alright, we'll be right back.
3
2
1
2
1
1
2
3
2
1
2
3
2
1
3
2
1
2
1
1
1
2
1
1
2
1
3
4
1
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D
You
Taki no mienu tenka ini basen ito na Iso mae lo
Boku gi kaga yo yo yo yo desu ka ka ka
Jyomi bandan kobachi oishii shoukan kankan
Deimote no samone ga jibushi ma gebe shaban
Mokashi nashi no tsumeru de marumi e
Seisou goho miyatatsu ka giri ka ise
Mifu kana zhi tai yan
Tsurudame ni mae ni mae ni
Nifune hou
Midaso gochi ka uka iho
Kamo do ro ka
Nate no gatsu mae ni mae ni mae
Meru mae ni tak
Maru dobatsu no tasu lo kabe ukabe
Nani o miru nani o mo
There's no need to be
You are my destiny
There's no need to be
There's no need to be
You are my destiny
I'm trying to lie for you, I'm trying to fight for me
When you lose it's me, you're everything
I'm trying to lie for you, I'm trying to fight for me
You know what you want, you're different But that's not you, sure I will see you through
No time for sleepin' when I can't take control Understand, oh, oh, oh
You need to set you free Keepin' the pace of time
I'd like to take a ride
You can't halfway move it too soon
There's no truth in what you give
And you can't deny
You're new to hope
All that you wish for is to have it
You're flying evil
Have fun while you can
And remember
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Bimani Radio. That's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. This is episode number four
for this July the 14th, 2002.
A long break there of all 2DX songs. We had Colors from
Six Styles, A from Seventh Style, Cracker from
Fifth Style for the home version, In My Eyes Fifth Style, Frozen Ray
from Sixth Style, and an old school one, Shine On from 2DX
second style, which the chat room commented, uh, one of Taka's best, although I don't think
it was in reference to that song. That's by Shorai, actually, 2DX second style. I might
be corrected on that, though. Anyway, we took a long break because we are prepping for this
segment that we're gonna do, which we're gonna call Listless. That's right. We are going
to determine the worst song in Bamani history, besides Let Them Move. Let Them Move is already
assumed to be the worst song of Bahmani history, so that's not a factor. We're gonna determine
the second worst song in Bahmani history right here. So, we've got everybody on the panel
here who's written down their top three choices for worst Bahmani song ever. They've ordered
it in the numbers three to one, and we're gonna name off what we think the worst Bahmani
song is ever and why. And after that, we'll get to eliminate one choice from the list.
I'll have a list of 15 choices because there's five of us here and then each of us will get to
Take one choice off of the list and then after that with the ten songs
It'll be remaining the chat room gets to vote and determine
What is the worst song in Bimani history next to let them move?
So if you're in the chat room right now, you'll get to participate in this
It'll be your vote that determines what the worst song is in Bimani history next to let them move
so let's start with
What was your number three worst Bimani song in history?
I really, really hate Let the Beat Hit Em.
Let the Beat Hit Em, alright.
Although, you know, I made history by willingly playing the song last night on Max.
You actually played Let the Beat Hit Em last night?
That's because I like the Max one, but I don't like the first one that they had.
What was in third mix?
I really, really don't like it at all.
I think it might have been a solo song originally, is where it came from originally.
I don't really care for that version.
My number three worst Bimani song in history, I'm so going to get smacked for this.
I know I'm going to get smacked for this, but for some reason I just don't like this
song when I hear it.
My number three choice is Graduistic Cyber.
It's Gradiuzic Cyber.
Whatever.
Gradius.
Gradius.
That song is cool.
I'm going to kick you.
Anyway, my number three pick is Bye Bye Baby Balloon because, well they already made it
like three times and then they put a new name on it and some freeze arrows and so
it does not deserve to be Lonnie music well it kind of does because all the
other ones are the same thing but yes ball number three I had a lot of fun
playing this on drum mania before when guitar bricks was free fixed and it was
just a really cool song and finally I played on a tarp it's you know I've done
with them with them and I and the guitar part just breaks out in this awful like
Scotts, it could be like, double trouble has the worst guitar freaks part I've ever played and it really disappointed me so I just had to put that on there.
Double trouble.
For guitar freaks, for guitar freaks this is.
Oh god, there's like way too many songs I could list on here.
Um, two, unfortunately I was kind of sticking with DDR here but um, two that really stick out of my mind.
Well you gotta just give them your number three choice.
Alright fine. Number three would have to go to, are you ready to do the bus stop from Disneyland?
Oh, that's a good one.
That song sucks.
That's all it is.
I agree.
The oldies in Disney's Rave, what was that?
Why did they put all these oldies in Disney's Rave?
Mr. Bassman owns.
OK, Mr. Bassman does own.
I'll give you that.
Mr. Bassman owns Dropout.
But Bus Stop?
What's the other one that annoys the hell out of me?
There's another old school song.
Macarena.
OK, there's that.
That's a given.
And Johnny B. Goode.
No.
That was fun.
It's something that you heard in grade school,
You did it during the Disney reveal.
It works for DDR.
I don't know.
All right, everybody's number three's picks are out.
We have Let the Beat Hit Em, Graduistics Cyber, Bye Bye Baby
Balloon, Double Trouble, and Bus Stops.
Number two choices.
Jamie.
Number two would be Buell.
I hate Buell.
Buell is a good one.
That's a good one.
Very good.
My number two choice was another 2DX song.
you're correct you're correcting my spelling on what is this I'm typing
these out so we can see the list of what we have so we can eliminate things later
my number two choice for worst Bomani song and I might get smacked for this
because it's another 2dx song but I really just don't like this song it
would be a kamikaze from 2d export style I hate that song kamikaze I've never
actually heard that song but my number two is I first heard it on the DDR USA
My Fire, because that song is just terrible.
You don't like My Fire?
No, I don't.
Blasphemer.
That's old school.
It's enough to be retro.
That was my favorite song back then.
No, see, Butterfly and Boom Boom Dollar are old school.
This is just crap.
This is on 1.5.
First it was cool, then it was very uncool, and now it's retro cool.
It's gone through the cycle.
Retro cool.
Okay, my number two is a very generic choice for a course song.
It just has the diva part, it has the rap part, everything that would be characteristic
in a DDR song, and it's all done badly.
It's just a bad song. You gotta get that on there.
Aw man, I don't know if I can top that one.
Let's see, my second pick would have to go to Choto from DDR Club Mix and also second mix Link version.
I don't even, that was just, it was a Laugh and Peace track and it was just awful.
How in the hell do you even spell that one? I don't even think I've played that one.
Let's see here, uh, C-H-O-T-T-O.
And then, um, the second part of it is K-I-I-N-T-E-N-A.
By Laugh and Peace. And it sucks.
getting screamed at from the chat room for some of our number two choices which
again were Buell, Kamikaze, My Fire, D2R, and Choto Kitene. A lot of people
disagree with Kamikaze. Cory is crying because he loves D2R and doesn't
understand why none of us seem to like it. All right, number one picks for worst
Vemani song ever. That's my vote to strangle Polteri, I mean sorry, Queens
Jamaica. Queens Jamaica, wow. I hate Queens Jamaica. I hate Queens Jamaica
because way back when on the old hip-hop mania machine that we had, everybody made
me freakin play that song and I hate it. And it's also on my on my 5th mixed
non-stop and it always comes up right after my favorite song. So I hate it.
Alright, my number one choice for Worship Imani song in history besides Let Them Move
would be Jam Jam Reggae.
I'm sorry, I just, it's annoying, no.
No.
Okay, my least favorite song is, I'm going on Corey's naming because I don't know the
name, it's Under Control, which is the encore stage for long version songs for guitar, seventh
mix, a Drummania VI mix, and the reason why I picked it is because it's just grunge music.
It's terrible. It belongs not in Bamani, it belongs in underground crap music that's not
even made in the CDs. And I avoid playing it by failing. I fail the extra stage, which
is one phrase blues, which is an awesome song, just so I don't even have to hear the beginning
of that song. It's so bad.
Some really bad songs have a nice thing about them, like Detour was like hilarious, the best worst song ever.
Jim Jim Regge has some fun steps on Maniac, but this song, I heard about it before, and it was coming in the DDR, I was like, oh that's alright.
And then I played the song and the steps are so slow, which is an awful song on the DDR, the steps are tub thumping, had the worst steps on the DDR, and I was so pissed about it.
God, what a bad song.
Don't think you're going to get much argument there.
Yeah, but it gets knocked down, but it gets up again.
You're never going to keep it down.
Alright.
Matt, you're the final choice on the list.
Alright.
There was just, like I said, so many to choose from.
I was going to say now Jam Jam Reggae.
And I'm talking about the original one from BeatMania, because that one is damn awful.
But then again, there was another one from BeatMania that was also very awful, and that would be Love So Groovy.
Love So Groovy.
I hate that song it's just awful. That was originally one of my picks too.
Alright so the big list here here we go this is all
15 choices and we're gonna now eliminate one song at a time we have
Let the Beat Hit Em, Graduistics Cyber, Bye Bye Baby Balloon, Double Trouble,
Bus Stop, Veal, Kamikaze, My Fire, D2R,
Choto Katana, Queens Jamaica, Jam Jam Reggae, Under Control, Tub Thumping,
and Love So Groovy. Once we get this narrowed down to 10 the chat room will
get to vote on what they think is the worst song ever.
And then we're going to play it.
No, I'm just kidding.
I think some of the songs are so bad that we'd never bother to get them.
And it will be banned forever from the Orange Lounge playlist.
It will never, ever be played on Orange Lounge, ever.
And there was much rejoicing.
Yay!
All right.
So, Jamie, from this list of 15, which one are you granting a pardon to?
Gratiosic Cyber has to come off.
I have a feeling you would.
Gratiosic Cyber has to come off.
That is my freaking song.
Alright.
I finally, finally managed to beat him, then.
Alright, so it gets saved.
I, yeah, he would kill me, but he's not here, ha ha ha.
I am going to grant a pardon to I'm Sorry Dave, but Under Control is fucking hilarious,
and it goes off the list.
This song's so bad.
Okay, well, then I guess I'll just have to take off Jim Jim Reggae off the list, because
song rocks on doubles maniac
it was from one point five and it's a cool retro cool song my fire needs to take it off the list
totally agree with that one
and i don't know about the steps in tump thumping i thought it was damn easy so i
had a really cool edit for it so i'm gonna have to take tump thumping off the list there
hey! that would have won!
i don't care take it off the list
everybody boo Matt please yay all right so we've taken five songs off the list
and these are the ten that are left let the beat hit them bye bye baby balloon
double trouble bus stop Buell kamikaze d2r Choto Katana
Queens Jamaica and love so groovy it's so it's too late to add songs
There's the 10, I just posted them in chat room.
Chat room, send me a private message, please, with your vote.
Just saying my vote is whatever for the worst Bimani song ever.
In the meantime, we're going to take a really quick break while you guys vote.
So just send me a private message in the channel saying my vote is
and whatever you're picking for worst Bimani song.
And we'll tally up the votes.
And we'll come back and let you know the worst Bimani song in history
next to Let Them Move.
You have something to say, Jimmy?
No.
OK.
I can't believe you picked Grady as Xyber.
Max tracks. Let's do some of the Max exclusive tracks. People like these songs.
We're going to take a quick break here and we'll be right back with the worst
I'm waiting for your votes in the chat room right now.
Mother let her know that she was in the mood for talking
So when he began to play the game
Before he knew it he had told her how much he'd been hurting
How he was hoping she was not the same
Could this be the kind of way that I'm thinking
After all of this time, could this be true love?
And she says, boy, you don't have to love no more
I'll give the love you need till you holler in love, guaranteed
I'd like to live for I'm a kind lady
You've been hard to be so but I am the cure
And when you wake up late thinking it's a dream
The best day boy you know you can count on me
Believe me, this lady
You know what you found in me
Is a lady, kind of lady
That can give you what you need
Maybe a kind lady
That will never leave you lonely
And maybe this lady
Finally, you're coming up like I love you
This is the end of the video.
Thank you for watching.
Please like and subscribe.
This is the first time I've heard this song in my life.
I've heard this song in my life.
I've heard this song in my life.
This is all I need to know
This is all I need to know
This is all I need to know
This is all I need to know
I'm the king that I came for
This is it, I can do
Do you believe in love?
No, no, nobody's there, no, nobody's there, no, nobody's there, yeah, baby
Baby give me the hum, d nerdy num, d nerdy num, d nerdy num, d nerdynum!
bitch get a new song an open letter from orange lounge radio that's right you are
listening to orange lounge radio it's just after eight o'clock a little bit
closer to 807 here in the middle of our fourth episode of orange lounge radio
life where we are right in the middle of determining the worst song in baumannii
history next to let them move let them move is already a given that it's a
first place so we're doing the next worst baumannii song ever and the votes
are in. We've asked everybody in our chat room to vote on the list which we had
which consisted of Let the Beat Hit Them, Bye Bye Baby Balloon, Double Trouble, Bus
Stop, Buell, Kamikaze, D2R, Choto Katana, Queens Jamaica, and Love So Groovy. And we
do have a winner in third place is let the beat hit them I don't know how that
corresponds to let the beat hit them but I thought it was a funny sound file in
second place for worst of the money song ever
Buell oh my goodness I can't believe it everything's ruined everything's ruined
by Buell. Buell, the second worst Bamani song in history. And the worst Bamani song in history
next to Let Them Move is Bye Bye Baby Balloon. We're just going to flush that one down the
toilet and pretend it didn't exist. Bye Bye Baby Balloon was the winner. Oh yeah, I guess
the winner of losing first-place loser
it's like said that i i think the balloon it was so bad that they didn't
even put it in max to it just got taken right off a max and flushed up but you
gotta think of it this way
you'll succeed more cuz he can even lose right
yes to come second it being the worst song ever
good point to point
no unfortunately i do not have a drum roll sound but i do have this
for what all tells next joke on the show
Okay.
That's pressure.
I had this tower of vanilla Coke cans that I was building up that just fell over.
I'm surprised you guys didn't hear the sound of that.
My Leaning Tower of Vanilla Coke.
Anyway.
Oh, I have to...
Yes?
Actually, you know, for all of the songs I think that are so terrible, we do have to
remember that because these songs are so bad, they give value to the songs that are really
good.
Good point.
Good point.
Maybe in a future edition, do you think we'd have the balls to do the best Bomani song
ever?
Oh, totally.
Alright.
Well, we'll do that.
Do we have the balls here at this radio station?
We've got balls bigger than anybody because they're inflatable, like our egos.
Okay, tournaments.
There were some tournaments this weekend, there was a tournament up in Reno, unfortunately
none of us were able to get up there and go I don't even know what the results
were yet unfortunately but are you guys going to be going to any upcoming
tournaments? It seems like there's so many tournaments going on lately what you
think it's just because of summertime or? I think that's because people are bored
so they just want to have a tournament? Did you hear about now this is cool there's
going to be a tournament at SVGL they're having the and I unfortunately don't
recall the right name of it but I'm sure I'll be correct in the chat room it's
something like the DDR Royal Rumble basically they're gonna be having a
a perfect attack tournament that's kind of tied in a little bit to wrestling.
They're going to have a tag team thing, they're going to have a rumble, and then they're going
to have a typical kind of bracketed perfect attack tournament as well.
Triple threat, thank you.
It's being called the DER triple threat tournament, but they're having it on Thursday and Friday,
so that kind of sucks for me because I can't go.
It's like all the weekends are booked, so now they're having to do weekdays for tournaments.
What do you guys think about tournaments on weekdays?
blows for because people have jobs. I can't really comment on jobs or responsibilities but I'll be
there. Well I can't really comment on that either but I've got so much school. Totally blows even
more. I don't care perfect attack is boring don't want to go. Okay but you have to admit though you
have to admit Matt even though perfect attack is boring the stuff they're doing with this
tournament is gonna make it a little more exciting because they're gonna have the music and the big
costumes and everything just so I grew up.
That's just like watching that 80s show and then the final episode of that 80s show.
It's just a little bit better, but it still sucks.
I don't really know what this Royal Rumble they're talking about.
Everyone pile on the machine and stomp on one arrow.
No, it doesn't work like that unfortunately, although that would be fun I think.
The way they're doing the Royal Rumble is basically you're going to draw a number randomly
from one through thirty.
the first two people go up and whoever wins stays on the machine. Now to prevent the last
person from just coming up there, say the first guy beats 29 people and then loses the
last guy, that would really suck for him. So they have this little system they're using
called chips where if you beat so many people you get a chip and basically it moves you
back to the end of the line and you can come back on after the 30th person. So that's kind
of how they're doing the Royal Rumble so that should be interesting. That's a very good
Good idea.
It is a very good idea.
I'm still wanting to have guitar freaks, drum mania, visual kei.
I'm very surprised there hasn't been any kind of drum mania, guitar freaks.
That would be really simple to do.
Rob, if we ever do have another tournament here in Sacramento, that we have to use my
idea of PA with answering trivia questions.
And whenever you get one wrong, you get beaten with some object, and the object's continually
getting more...
The orange bat of doom.
Yeah, well, that'll start out as the first thing, and then it'll move up to bean bag
bags, and then other stuff that hurts more, and so you lose your concentration faster.
I underestimate the orange bat. I think he needs to be reminded.
The orange bat should be the final boss of whatever that is.
The final boss of the tournament. By the way, Matt, you made a Virtu cry that Perfect Attack
isn't boring, because he really practices. Well, I think back to one of my first tournament
experiences, which was MGL1, and, God damn, there wasn't any... That was the most boring
thing ever, just waiting for Freesale to come around, just watching all the people get up
on the machine, complaining that the buttons aren't working, and they have to stop, and
they have to test the buttons, and the buttons were working. It is so boring. Oh, and Folsom,
when we had our SCAT tournament, it was even worse, because then you had the whole thing
just packed, and then there's nothing to do. But, I do have to admit, at the very end of
the perfect attack in the Folsom tournament where they had to do the versus. That was
cool. But like I said, the rest of it sucked. That's why this year we're not having a tourney
named after feces. No, instead we're going to find another crude word to name it after.
I notice you've got some listings here of some upcoming tournaments. Let's see what
some other local tournaments. Well, we're not just a local show. We'll talk about some
of the abroad tournaments. It looks like there's a pretty popular tournament. Oh, this is kind
a local.
There's going to be a tournament at Mountain Mike's in Concord on August 17th, which is
interesting because I believe it's going to be a no-bar machine.
I don't know if they were going to take the bars off for Perfect Attack as well, but I
know for Freestyle there is going to be no bar on the machine.
If I recall, I do believe that the bar will be removed, but...
Perfect Attack, if it isn't removed, then if you grab the bar and you don't look like
you're falling down, you'll get disqualified.
Who uses the bar for perfect attack anyway?
There's people who rape the bar.
That's disgusting.
I don't see it in tournaments, though. I don't think I've ever seen anyone grab the bar in a tournament.
I've seen it happen.
Really?
I mean, the only time I think I really see people grab the bar would be on Fast songs.
When Dropout was first, you know, the new song to beat, everybody, all the cool kids want to beat Dropout.
Some people have held the bar for that, and then of course Max and Max Unlimited.
I can't say that I've ever really held on to the bar.
When I was learning how to beat MAX 300, I was using it for a while, but then I was like,
you know what?
No.
I just want to do this with my feet because it doesn't seem right unless I can do it with
my feet.
At MAX Unlimited, I haven't allowed myself to touch the bar at all.
I'm really bad at MAX 300 and MAX Unlimited, but I've gotten further through them without
using the bar than I have using it because it just totally throws off my center of balance.
The bar is there, I think, to catch yourself if you're falling for emergencies.
the original solo machines, the Japanese solo machines, they don't have a bar on them, so.
We have more tournaments.
Yeah, can you go back to that listing of tournaments there that you had up on the screen there?
Look at some other tournaments that seem to be pretty popular.
Use the little...
Use the rules for...
There you go.
There we go.
We're having a moment while we...
Okay, we're looking at some other popular looking tournaments that are coming up.
Of course, there's the big one at Castor Valley Golf Land on July 20th.
The week right after that, they're having one in Rohnert Park, Scandia.
The same day as the big Mountain Mikes in Concord, they're going to be having one in
SoCal.
Now, this one's kind of a controversial tournament.
They're having the Rays Game Center tournament, and it's kind of a bit controversial because
it's not DDR Drags, which has caused some controversy on some message boards.
I was told in no uncertain terms that when I was in San Diego I was not to go to Ray's.
I guess some interesting things going on there, I don't know if we want to get into it on
the show, but apparently they've decided, the owner of the place decided to make a change
with who's going to be running the tournament and not going over well with some people down
there.
But they are still going to be doing a tournament on the 17th, same day as the one in Concord.
So unfortunately that's going to split things up a bit.
I know Drags 2, I went down to Drags 2 which was about a year ago and one of the best tournaments
I went to.
It was a great road trip.
It was a lot of fun.
I really like road tripping sometimes.
I had to miss it.
I was home all by myself, crying.
Bummer.
Can we go back to the list?
Yes, please.
When is the 17th of the 8th month of the year because I don't know.
I'm like captain, not look at obvious stuff.
It is Saturday, to my knowledge, yeah.
Okay, we have the list back up.
We've got, they're going to be doing a tournament in Texas on July 19th and 20th.
Kind of interesting there.
The ones on Friday, Fridays are kind of interesting.
They're going to have a tournament in Salinas on August 3rd.
Midwest Showdown 2.
And they've got some other tournaments coming.
too far off the calendars. He was like, August 17th is really the last thing that's planned.
Are there results for yesterday's tournament in Reno up there? Why don't we go ahead and
read those off if we've got them. They might not be up yet. Okay, we'll research that.
room kind of wondering, ooh, should I go to the tournament at Ray's? Should I not? Well,
I guess I just didn't, just, it's kind of, do you want to, you know, be a part of the
boycott or whatever's going on or not? Or do you just want to just look past all that
and just go after it?
Your soul hangs in the balance.
Go to Dollar Mandy's Summer Vacation. No bar. In Concord. You know, she'd drive farther
for a tournament that's maybe not be good or have no bar.
And some tasty pizza.
Remember, Paul, it's an international, it's a national show. It's actually an international
show. I do have listeners in Japan. The cool thing is, on the live 365 stats, I can see
where the listeners are listening from, and I do have listeners listening in from Japan,
so that's pretty cool, huh?
That's pretty sweet.
They're robots.
They are robots. All over the place. We have listeners in Canada as well, and all sorts
of places.
So, it'd be about eight hours earlier and another time, I believe, right over there
now?
Yes, so...
My ex-roommate, actually, she may be one of the people listening, so Candace, if you're
listening, hi.
Right on.
Okay, so I think we've beaten the tournament topic into the ground.
Another topic that we wanted to talk about, Poppin' Music.
There's a brand new Poppin' Music coming out, Poppin' Music 8, and is it just me or does
nobody seem to care?
I like Poppin' Music!
I do too!
I love Poppin' Music!
I suck at it!
I think it's so cool!
But why is it that it's kind of forgotten?
You never hear it talked about.
Poppin' music is just like, hey, I got an idea. Let's take 2DX, lose the turntable, make all the buttons really, really big and colorful. Wow, that sounds great.
It sounds like some kind of fruit roll-ups mistake. Like, what do we pour on the buttons? Why are they getting so big?
But I think it's because pop music isn't a lot of arcades. It's more of like a novelty thing that people don't really play that much.
Poppin' music is pretty challenging, though. I thought I could get right up and play it, and I totally failed like Cutie Honey on Auto-Malo 2.
Do you think it's just because the machines are so scattered amongst the U.S., you don't
really see them in the...
There's no pop and music machines, to my knowledge, anyway, in the Bay Area, which is where the
majority of your board posters come from, because it was the first area that had Bomani.
SoCal has a couple machines, Arcade Infinity, I've been there, I play them...
It's a fun game.
I like the ones when you have to hit four at once, you kind of have to use your forearms
to hit the buttons, it's pretty crazy.
Yeah, karate chop!
And also, I think they have a machine in Seattle, but they're kind of spotty, the location of
the machine.
Do you think that's the only reason people look at it?
Sort of out of sight, out of mind.
At AI, why play pop-in music when you can play Mambo-a-Go-Go?
I mean, that's all I have to say.
Because Mambo-a-Go-Go has like ten songs, and once you've played them all...
Personally, I find Mambo-a-Go-Go to be kind of easy, personally.
Even on the hard mode.
You can play it with all nine of the things and get like, you can beat the hardest song on that?
I don't know if I played the hardest song, but I played hard mode and it wasn't, you know, 2DX is harder for me, but I guess that's a given.
Do we have the pop music gate?
So what's the information on the, what do you want to tell us about pop and music gate, Matt?
Okay, well, this information comes from BimaniStyle.com. We've got, looks like a couple features here.
First off, there's going to be a mode called Beat Pop, which is basically you have, instead of the nice little, I guess, stuff they normally have falling down the screen, you have lines just like Beat Mania, that type of thing, kind of makes it look more like that.
They have a sort of a dark mode called Soft Discretion Line, and it just turns the indicator a little bit darker, so it's kind of like dark mode, and then they have one that's really cool that's called Disjointed Speed Mode.
And, what that is, is where, for instance, if it were to be applied to DDR, you'd have
like the left arrow going at four speed, you'd have the up arrow going at two speed, maybe
the right arrow at one speed, and then maybe, I don't know, the down arrow or something
at another speed.
So, basically, if all the arrows going at different speeds, or in this case...
It's going at speeds, sounds like some weird band name.
It would be really hard to play.
That's kind of pretty much all the new features that are going to be coming out for that.
As far as the song list goes, there's a couple songs coming over from different Bomani.
You've got Candy, the vocal version from Max 2.
You have Boa Boa Lady from BeatMania.
you've got a much better jam jam right now let's see here
Linus I think that was 2d x 6 style
let's see here we've got
I'll see jet world
that's gonna be coming over to it and then just a whole bunch attracts
much new stuff any a familiar artists on there with new stuff talk attack
LED any those artists making a appearance on the new pop music
Actually, to be honest, it doesn't have the artist's names in here.
Oh, bummer.
The only one that I do recognize from Beatmania would be...
Oh, shoot.
I can't remember the name.
Did, um...
Okay, driving this into the ground here.
Oh, that's all right. When you think of it, you can let us know.
We're actually having a request, though, from the chat room.
They want an update, Matt.
seem to be our simulator expert here. What's going on in the Sim world? Because we haven't
talked about it yet this show, so they want to hear what's going on.
Alright, well, Sim stuff going on. Right now, pretty much two things that we've been waiting
for have been the new versions of StepMania and Dance with Intensity. Dance with Intensity,
we're still waiting for them to actually release a beta of version two. StepMania has been
coming out with new betas. They have beta four now, which is alright. I've been trying
I'm still sticking with Dance with Intensity because it loads up really fast.
That's why I seem to like it. I'd rather have the faster loading over all the bonus features that they've got there.
For StepMania, I don't know if it was just Beta 3 or just the computer that I played it on,
but two-thirds of the time or more when you ever hit an up and down jump arrow
Whenever you held one of the up and down jump arrows and tried to hit, well held the up
and down arrow, or either one of them tried to hit the other one, it wouldn't register
or it would register just as like a boo or a good or something.
So I don't know if that's just on all beta 3 or just on the computer that I use.
I'm not really sure about that one.
But the other thing that's going to be going on is the contest that they had for, the DWI
as they had put out by DDR East Coast Invasion is they're actually doing voting right now
and it should have been wrapped up today according to their boards but I still haven't seen anything
on that yet and the melting pot boards are still messed up.
Now I am getting a rumor here that DWI2, one of the new features, is going to be a groove
meter.
So that will be pretty cool.
I wouldn't doubt it.
He's been looking for a good code for, you know, some good source codes to actually generate
those much like, you know, StepMania has.
Really big deal.
I mean, I saw that with StepMania too.
I was just like, okay, so I don't look at that anyways.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
All right.
We're going to take another quick break and when we come back, we'll interact with the
chat room a little more, talk about whatever they want us to talk about.
have some other topics here that we can get into if we want. And God, who knows what else
we're going to talk about here on Orange Lounge. Maybe we'll just say, screw Bomani, and we'll
just talk about other stuff. I don't know. Anyway, you're listening to Orange Lounge.
How are you doing over there, Jamie? I'm on the floor. You're on the floor? Do you want
to kick Matt out of the chair? Can I just kick him? Okay. Cool. Or I can get you another
chair if you want. Don't worry about it.
Alright, we'll be back in a little bit.
Hi, everybody!
Hello, hello.
Mic test.
Mic, mic test.
I am D.G.
Sendai!
We must hear your comments, brother.
D.G.
Number one, D.U.
D.U.
D.U.
D.U.
Hey, everybody.
Haro, haro.
Mic test.
Mic, mic test.
I am DJ Shinda.
I am a senior kylin abroad.
I am number one DJ.
I am number one.
Let's go.
I am DJ Shinda.
I am DJ Kojima.
I am DJ Tani.
Tani.
Oh
Thank you!
How I'm twisted and deceitful, all love to face people
Taking me for some kind of fool
How I'm pretending to be so nice
Let me give you my advice, I don't need you
Screaming in the sky, dressed up in lights
It's the neck that you're playing
How I'm fresh, you recognize me
And you criticize me, what's going on?
Don't stop your bitching cause you're so fair
Bitchin' behind my back, honey I don't need that
Don't kick it to the curb because I heard you through
They tryin' to get in my face
I'm watchin' hard to make mistakes
Don't make me stay, don't stop your vision on me
Oh, oh, that's so narrow-minded
But they're so unsighted, they're just counterfeit
Oh, oh, hot and cold, you're the wind
Some more clothes man, who are you tryna get?
And, to see people, I'm so shallow, put yourself in my place
The fairy tells you spin and sound and circle, bend, stand, but I'm at a rock
So stop your bitch and catch yourself there
Stare a bitch from behind my back, who me, I don't need that
So kick it to the curb because I heard you through the stage
Kinda scared in my head, so why too hard to make mistakes?
So stop your bitchin' on me
Stop your bitchin' on me
Stop your bitchin' on me
Who's that Pokemon?
It's CANDO!
Oh, baby.
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Think about it
Move on now
Let your body feel the beat
Come on, wake up
Let our energy change and beat
And in the back of your mind I smile
Burning blood so bright
Just reach out, he's off and out
He'll be the star tonight
Get with it
Finalize
You gotta chance it
You know you should do it
When you're dead, my man
Pass him by
And set him strong, but
You're not the answer to keep me warm
Hey, hey, hey
I just believe
You're gonna feel it, yeah, yeah
We have reported incidents where exposed listening to this program in the kitchen has caused
people to bust out a Sharpie pen, draw arrows on the tiles, and start stomping away.
a friendly public service announcement from Orange Lounge Radio.
That's right, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We're here until 9 o'clock tonight.
And I'm going to turn it over to Paul.
Paul likes to do a little segment every week here, when he's here,
where he's going to wrap up what's going on on the local message boards,
local and abroad.
Whatever message board he wants to talk about, he's giving us the wrap-up.
So go for it, Paul.
I have to give you some music, though.
Well, um, on the second money board we were a little active in, oh great, in growing up, but you're obese.
On the second money we've been going over and talking about, after our crazy smoking break, we were just saying, you know, how much stuff happened to the smoke out of it in the game.
Now since it's been us helping out, and we've decided that we're going to do a letter together.
Jessica, the iguana girl, has gotten to do a draft together, and we're going to go over it,
and form a letter together, and I'll send it in, and talk about that on tour.
And so the discussion is just going on.
You know, some people still can't post in the right introductory thread and everything else.
That's just a little concerned.
You've got to get that mic a little closer to your mouth, Paul.
you're going to shove it all in your mouth and take it all at once.
Take it all.
I'm just going to blow that whistle.
I'm just glad that we've been actually getting something together after complaining for so long.
I thought we'd just note that.
Anyone who's interested should talk to people about that.
Any other boards you want to give us a lowdown on?
You know, not much has been happening too much.
A lot of boards have slowed down just because people have been divided,
and I haven't been on DDR free for a long time.
Same old, same old on DDR free.
Alright, so that's a wrap up.
Same old shit.
Hooray.
Thank you, Paul.
machines with the help of local law enforcement.
I'm sure I know what site they'll be looking at to find out where these machines are located.
Thoughts?
People?
Well, first of all, I'd like to actually read that press release, is there a link on there?
There is not!
What do you know?
Hmmm, makes one think.
You know, if someone's going to put up a rumor of that magnitude, the only way I would believe
it is either one, seeing the press release or two, having it posted by KOA on the board.
So, until I have legitimate proof, I call that a big pile of sticky poo.
Let's see what people are saying about that.
BS, BS, BS, BS, BS, BS.
Pretty much everybody says that's BS.
That they're going to be wasting their time and stuff.
They're claiming that Konami of America is going to make an announcement tomorrow.
So, I guess we'll see.
We'll see if there's any truth to that rumor.
We'll see if miracles will ever start.
That's right.
That's right.
Have you seen how many people in green shirts are going around Golf Land now with the racetrack
and stuff?
They have an evil army.
There's no way anything's getting out of there.
Would you tie yourself to the DDR machine if it was going to be taken away?
Tying, you know?
I think I'd just stick with the guitar freaks then.
If people would be distracted, no one would be playing, I could get a few games in, it'd
be alright.
I'd like to see how they're going to actually pull this off.
How many machines do we have in California alone, let alone the whole United States?
What the hell are they going to do with those, turn them into the USA mixes?
And they can't read the machine locations page on DDR Freak with their tiny Asian eyes,
so I don't know how this is going to work out.
That's wrong.
That's wrong.
But no, if they're going to do that for Guitar Freaks in Dramania, why not do it for DDR2?
Why not go get all those pop music machines, all five of them that we have in the country,
or you know, go hunt down dance maniacs, or the like, or you know, go get the Korean machines.
Why not, you know, hit them too?
Quick!
They're coming!
Get the Macs too and run!
You had something you wanted to add, Matt?
No?
Okay, never mind.
Pretty much we're being told in the chat room, they pretty much agree that it seems to sound
like a bunch of BS to you guys.
It's poopy!
Oh, Dark Tetsuya's offering, though. If anybody wants to come play the Max 3 beta at his house before the cops take it away, hahaha.
Dude, I'm there.
This is for you, Dark Tetsuya.
Alright.
That sound will never get old for me, I'm sorry.
I'm trying to read the chat room here.
Yes, we are being given this flood of information in text format on our lovely...
So we don't know what's happening with all that Konami of America stuff, but I'm sure
that if things get too out of hand, Jason Enos will make a post and tell us all what's
going on.
And in fact, I would really like to get an interview with him, and that's something I'm
aiming for with a future show.
Speaking of future shows, in two weeks on this show, on the 28th, there's about a 50-50
chance we're going to have a very special guest, two very special guests here that night.
I can't say who because it's not confirmed yet, but you'll definitely want to tune in
to that show in two weeks. We'll hopefully have somebody who knows Jamie and I very,
very well, who's sure to bring up a lot of dirt on us, and a very famous freestyler also
should be here.
Rob, you sound like you're actually promoting our show. What's up with that?
I know, what's up with that?
It's because our show rules.
We own.
That'll be a good show, if we get it. As soon as I get it confirmed, we'll bring it up.
I'll let you know who's coming.
One little point, if you don't mind me going back to the Guitar Freak show or anything.
Sure.
If anybody happens to see anything about that, go ahead and feel free to email me.
My email address is darksakra.aol.com, so go ahead and send me information if you find anything.
Alrighty.
Everybody knows my email address anyway, I don't know.
Your email address is accessible on the website.
All the porn people just love to send me stuff.
Okay, um...
Let's see, what other topics do I have written down here for things we can do?
Hearing? Oh!
We have a hold.
Wait one second.
Alright.
Let me pass the mic over.
Alright, I'm just reading this off of Konami of America's site, totally unrelated to what we were just talking about here.
uh... is talking about that this guy john benson and word evans are uh...
the air fanatics their creators of dance machine a short film about the world's
biggest cdr fan
the movie one can that coveted clam d or two thousand two clinton's film fest
but when i'm down
in newport rhode island
so uh...
hopefully we'll never see that on video you-know-what if we have a ddr movie
i have a real good idea for this
People have been making DDR players, celebrities, and stuff.
I know Corey's in the chat room and he's been getting some of that.
You know Corey's screen name?
I want to talk to Corey.
People like that.
And so I think that as anyone like Mike, people have heard about this movie.
A little kid finds his shoes, becomes like Michael Jordan, starts dunking on everybody,
gets in the NBA.
I want someone to find maybe Corey's old underpants.
They'll say Corey on the name tag.
He'll put them on.
Please make me like Corey and he'll come to the PA competition, maybe the triple threat.
You know, he started owning everyone, this little scrub that everyone sees playing USA,
and just kills everyone, and it's a whole new phenomenon.
And then he finds out, you know, the underwear wasn't what it is, it was the magic inside.
I think that would make a good...
Do you remember that old...
Put down the pipe, Jesus.
Do you remember that old business, though, about DDR Freak the movie?
Yes.
With all the scripts that floated around that made it into this, this utter, you know, crappy teeny movie?
Uh-huh.
That would have just been, that would have been boycotting that.
I will say this on the show right now, something I haven't told anybody.
I'm writing a screenplay that involves DDR heavily, that's all I'll say.
Oh, we have another guest who just walked into the room.
We have Bongo!
Bongo demands us.
Introduce yourself, new guest.
What is Bongo, or is my other...
That's your other, that's your real self.
Hi, Ryan.
Yay, SDM.
I have a bit of a problem with that.
The big gay perilous.
Oh, great. Now I'm forever known as the absolutely gay cross-dresser.
Hey, Matt, bring up the official site for that movie thing. Are you trying to do that?
They have a click here.
One person in the chat room says they did see it and they didn't like it, so your first review is a big thumbs down.
The DDR movie about the biggest DDR fan that won the clam dance award.
there's a movie it's what John and ward.com will bring it up I'm even more
alarmed that as opposed to there being a movie there's a clam dance I know that
I think that's the big news here not that there's a movie out but there's a
big you know like lesbian gathering you know you know what that bring you know
it brings to mind a clam dance festival that's what brings to mind was that the
sound of a dying mutant clam? A clam opening up.
Would you have the signal? Beat like a dying camel.
We're going to take a real fast break and we're going to come back and wrap up the show because we don't have much time left.
So stay with us, we're going to take a real quick break, we'll be right back.
We like to be after the behavior What you doin' over there?
Come on, let's do this really well
People are feelin' afraid of scooby mergers
Don't know what to do
Hey, what you got in your hand?
Man, it's amazing
Put it away, it's gonna go bang
Blow my brain, ha
I'm gonna call someone insane
With an ass, a seed, axe
So, let's leave this nigga today
Just for the sake of your love
Make sure to laugh and express your gaze
Just our vote, you gon' say, say
Cut the drugs, cut the drugs
I feel you, I feel you, I feel you everywhere I feel you, I feel you, I say to you every night
I'm leaving, I'm leaving
I can't help it, I'm a little too old for life
I'm taking my time, I'm taking my time
You can't come alive, you can't come through the light
You gotta keep it bad, keep it living
and now it's time for
Erotic Pop Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's favorite
perverse baumanni band, Erotic.
Do it all night. Do it with me.
No, no! That was awful! Bloody terrible! Do you take vocal lessons? Kill your teacher!
In the heat of the night.
Oh, God! I think my ears are bleeding!
I liked it!
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula! Next!
Umm... that was cool.
Do you even know why you're here? That was just bloody pathetic! Next!
Yes! Yes, that's it! We have a winner!
A star is born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, a star is born every second.
A star being born over there on the other computer in the house.
in the house. We were watching that short movie that we were referencing earlier. What
is the name of that, Matt? It's called Dance Machine, and I just posted the link up there
in the chat room. Those of you that aren't in the chat room, go ahead and join us. It's
not too late. Over on, just join the server, IRC.eggheads.org, and we're in Channel Orange
Lounge.
Dance Machine has also proved that while every moment a star is born, every moment a star
explodes too.
Never have I felt more sorry for mid-aged men who think that they're young.
I've never seen a guy that old playing DDR. That's amazing.
And there's Kobe. There's always Kobe.
And Nick Nolte owns a DDR machine.
That's true. That's true.
Nick Nolte owns one and he takes lots of vitamins too.
Yeah, but Nick Nolte didn't win, you know, Best Comedy and Alice's Clam Dance Award.
He didn't win the Clam Dance Award in San Francisco, okay?
But the Clam Dance Award is a lesbian award.
So is he like, you know, is it kind of like Flashdance?
What a feeling, wack, wack.
It's always better with fans.
And that's the quote of Ryan for the evening.
Also, during that break, I took a chance
to look at the newly remodeled 2DX style,
and I give it my seal of approval.
It's very pretty.
They have a little pretty opening movie
when you go into the site, and it's it's all nicely remodeled.
So do pay that a visit.
And that's linked from our links page.
If you want to check that out.
2DX style gets the kudos of the evening.
We'll go buy you a candy bar, Cory.
And also Three Feet Elite, who is the puppeteer.
I will go buy a box of kudos and deliver them to you.
They can split it.
They're tasty.
They have some nice forums over there, also.
Do you think the DDR community...
This is a question I've been wanting to ask for a while.
Do you think the DDR community is too saturated with forums?
Do you think there's too many?
Never been too many.
I mean, each one of them has their own feel, and it's like you get that weird little trippy
maybe sends a family there. Except, say, DDR Freak is the big extended family that's supposed
to cover everything.
With lots of interesting children.
Yeah, you know, you have that family, maybe a little more to the south. And the uncles
you don't talk to much. You know, the uncles you don't talk to, they're kind of crazy.
They don't speak good English.
And Sacramani's just like, yay, we're happy, don't flame on people, whee!
That's because we love everybody!
As far as for one purpose, it's hard to get used to that, even Ryan.
The alternate board used to be GDCon and people would talk about that and go on there eventually.
That sort of got split between that and MonkeysFly and other network because things would happen
and now neither of those boards get much activity so it's better to have, I think, stuff centered
in one place.
Not too much because DDR Freak does have a little, it's sort of overflowing with activity.
It's hard to handle.
the big, big city, but then it's also good to have a couple of little suburbs too that
are fun.
My observation with the GD Coon forums is that a lot of people who were, you know, sort
of booted from DDR Freak ended up there too, but you know, it was, it was still another
place that got it.
The big thing I like about, about having such a wide selection of forums is that, you know,
you can see how their community works, you know, each one of them has their own feel,
you know, you have the one that's a little bit more irreverent, you have your other that's
It's more sort of all-encompassing.
DDR Freak, I think, is more all-encompassing.
I really, really like that.
We have our little happy inbred family at Saqdumani.
Okay.
No.
We have, I think, we're really getting that good sense of community.
I'm really, at least, hoping that a lot of the good feelings from back in the old days
come back.
And we talk about porn there, too.
Yes, we talk about porn.
We have our own hentai thread, thank you.
and we're all going to YALIcon.
I'm not going to YALIcon. I don't know what you people are smoking with all the games.
You're coming to YALIcon. We're making you dress up. We're making you cosplay.
Alright, alright. You get to wear the frilly black lace.
So we like we like lots of different forums. It's cool to have a lot of
different forums. Kind of everybody has their own
different personality and you just choose to hang out with the people you want to.
One other topic I wanted to bring up
Hearing DDR songs in interesting places, I don't necessarily mean on the radio, but do
you guys ever hear like DDR songs in very strange places, places you didn't expect to
hear them at?
Like, for once, I picked up this CD this week that just happened to have Ordinary World
on it.
It was very odd.
It was like this trance compilation CD, and then all of a sudden there was Ordinary World.
It's like, wow.
DDR in my nightmares.
This DJ at one of my school dances was playing all this bad techno music, and all of a sudden
Stomp to My Beat comes up, and that's very distinctive.
We went over this before, but Stomp to My...
Why is everyone shoving two microphones in my face?
Like I get one and Jamie's like, here, here, take it, take it.
Get the dual voice effect.
We were all at Brookfield and then I stomped my beat from the kitchen.
Yeah.
And um, but we went over this a while ago and yeah, stomped my beat.
I've heard it a while, but I think that I've listened to DDR music so much that whenever
I think I hear something, I have to take like a second listen to it because I'm not sure
if it's just my mind playing kicks on me because now I've listened to so much and some of the
stuff sounds so similar, I'm listening to Dropout and it sounds like, yeah, I'm dead
around or something like that. It just doesn't compute. I've listened to so much.
I think it's getting more annoying on the idea that, you know, you listen to the radio
and some of this DDR stuff comes on, or you have a CD where you're listening to DDR stuff
comes on. You don't know which is getting pulled from which, because I know Stomp to
My Beat was a pretty popular techno song before it got pulled into DDR, so I'm wondering if
more isn't coming along those lines.
It's also sad that with some of us being the ages that we are, that we actually remember
the original songs they were.
I remember the original, Sky High, that was redone by DJ Mikko.
Even being an anime fan, I will sit and listen to freckles and the Japanese lyrics, like
the opening Toru Roni Kenshin goes in my head, and the original Hot Limit by TM Revolution,
which by the way, everybody should listen to because it's awesome.
I had the weirdest thing happen.
I was watching MTV for like the once in like the last two years and I heard oops I did
it again.
It's so weird that they ripped off like DDR fifth next to me because I have no idea why.
I mean, it's just like, whoa.
Yeah, oops he did it again.
Hey, that song is cool.
You know.
Anyway.
It's, it's just, you know, I think that not only are our lives, I guess influenced by
Bamani, but Bamani is influenced by the way that the world has been too. The music has
evolved and it's evolved with people's taste, it evolves with the times and that's another
really cool thing is that you're more likely now to hear something that's been in a Bamani
game.
Do you think it's just like when we hear Bamani songs on CDs, places we didn't expect it to?
Do you think it's like we kind of feel like, hey, this is our game and this is our pastime
and it's kind of like wow it's kind of funny it's like the rest of the world's
kind of in on the secret too is it? Well I think actually it's more like you know
like remember watching He-Man and She-Ra back when you were little it was a tool
to sell the toys. They made me pay money as a tool to sell Dance Mania CDs who
knows. Like the Mattel Chocobot Hour. Yeah. Any other comments? All right I think
we're gonna wrap up the show here um thanks to everybody for listening we
I've got a really good turnout tonight, thank you everybody in the chatroom, I hope you
join us every Sunday night from 7pm until 9pm.
Also we're going to start doing rebroadcasts on Monday night, so we're going to do rebroadcasts
Monday night at 7 o'clock, you can hear all of tonight's show, and then at 9 o'clock we
bring you a classic show.
So we're going to go ahead and replay the first episode this week for those that missed
it.
I'd like to thank all of my friends who said that they'd be listening in tonight, and for
for our two listeners in Japan, and for...
We have listeners in Japan?
Yes, we have listeners in Japan.
I would like to thank our listeners on the East Coast,
West Coast, South Coast, Gulf Coast,
whatever coast there happens to be,
the coast in your own mind.
And again, do join in.
Visit our website at orangelounge.skie.cx
and get all the information on our station.
And when this live talk program isn't on the air,
do tune into our Bomani Music & More program
runs 24 hours a day on this dial-up stream. We've got all sorts of music, 2DX, DDR, everything
including dance mania and other music games. So now, Rob, are we going to be adding that
list of songs we would like to hear in Bimani? A couple weeks ago we were talking about the
songs that we think should be in Bimani that aren't yet. Yeah, some of those songs do show
up. Jamie and I put in a pickle week on the music stuff and we'll be adding some of the
stuff that was talked about that show also. Who knows, perhaps we could make that a contest
for the future, you know. And yeah, if you guys want to send us email, it's orangeloungeradio,
that's all one word, orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com. Your suggestions for music you
think should be on the station, even if it's not in a mamati game, if it should be, why?
Let us know and then tell us. Send us a sound clip of your voice, say who you are and what
you think should be in, you know. You might find yourself a local celebrity. You got it.
So thanks everybody for listening, and we'll see you next Sunday.
I guess that's about it.
Anybody else have any closing words they want to say?
Thanks all of you for being here, Ryan, even though you were only here 15 minutes.
Thanks everyone else.
But hey, he's here, and that's the important part.
That's right.
He's into Orange Lounge, Bongo demands it!
I think that only one cuss word was said this entire show.
And I said it, I think.
Will you care to remedy that situation then, Dave?
Uh, no.
I can't copy Brad, because last time he was just talking about it.
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, shitty poopy.
There's a quote.
Remember folks, this show is brought to you by DVDA.
This show is brought to you by the number...
Sponsored by Red Octane, like everything you own.
Everything belongs to Red Octane.
Alright, good night everybody. Bye.
Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production. Orange Lounge
Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts,
also known as Sky. And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Remember kids, say no to crack. Pull up your pants! Thank you very much for
listening and we'll see you next week.
