You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
All your days are belong to us.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain sexual and adult content, and many instances are the f-word, which is not safe for children.
1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4, 3, 2, 1
I'd also like to add that I have my father's gun and the scorching case of her case.
Kiss my dress, mooge.
Mecha, lecha, hi, mecha, hi-dee-ho
Oh my god, I hate growing up in public
Me too!
Fuck are ya?
I'm working on it
Loser
Lame
I'm the sound of my face
Breathing
Breath
Heaving breath
Heaving
Whatever
Now you all just sit there and keep your mouth shut
While I go listen to my written experience records
Da da da da da da
I am your singing solid ground
Somewhere inside the state of California in the great nation of the United States of America on the planet Earth
The Orange Lounge radio is now on the air
You're tuned into the bimani scenes newest and greatest radio station of all things bimani. My name is Rob Roberts
But you might know me better as sky
Not with me tonight as our lovely co-host Jamie Summers aka dark Sakura
Jamie is currently browsing the hallways of the big anime Expo convention in Southern California actually probably on the way home
We have a substitute teacher for you tonight.
Everyone say hello to the lovely Irene, or as some simply call her, the Rice Princess.
Hi kids.
Co-hosting for us once again, filling in for the second week in a row.
Yes, that's true.
I apologize for the late start there.
It took us a while to get started.
We spilled some water.
We had a hazard spill when the show started.
It was a flood.
We're doing the show under water tonight.
And then I realized the microphones weren't even on.
So tonight's just a crazy-ass night already, but that's okay.
I'd like to introduce all the other guests we have for you tonight, because we actually have a manageable amount of people in the house tonight.
So everybody say hello to Brad.
Hello to Brad.
You got anything to say, Brad?
No.
You tried burping, didn't you?
Everybody say hello to Dave over there.
Hi.
Hi.
And then say hello to Matt, also known as Loki.
Hello.
Alright.
This is episode number three for July the 7th of 2002.
We'll be talking to all our guests a little bit later, but first a quick break.
Do you have any other thoughts for us, Irene?
I'm mad at Taco Bell, but...
We'll get into that a little later.
We've got all sorts of crap on the plate for you tonight.
The Solo 2000 stuff, when will it end? Never.
A review of the brand new StepMania that's out,
and talk about DDR emulators and whether they're any good or not.
Anupamani game being location tested right now, and all sorts of other crap coming up for you.
But first off, I'm going to dedicate this first song, if you're listening out there, Travis over at understationlive.org,
who says I never name his show by name, so there you go.
A lovely show which I co-host on Saturday nights at 6.30.
I'm dedicating this song to you because I know it's your favorite. Enjoy!
Sorry, could I make the music louder?
Yeah, drop the bong!
Just drop the bong!
I'm kind of dizzy because of my dreams.
Gotta think it's hard to find the right system
Now or never, it's the time to insist
It's easy to blast you all away
Or trigger fixes for the same audio to today
Don't get me wrong, I'm a pacifist
The mind can't do more than it fits
Explosives that are not what it takes
You know that terrorism always needs a mistake
All we gotta do is build momentum
If you need the right tools and inventions
Ride the waves, time to copy the rhythm
The market futures, we can't get with it
The bakers generate all my
If I really do it now, you're master's night goes to sowing
Yeah, so ready to take their fall
It's up to you to make that call to a proper fall
Yeah, a proper fall
A proper fall
Let me see their fall
Look at the first place, can't put a plan
We've never been to big old great red
This is all gonna be perfect for what's now to come
We got to just build momentum If you need the right tools, then vent it
Right away is the time to compute the rhythm The march to futures, we gonna get with it
Be ready to tear it almighty Before we even do it now
Your master plan goes nowhere Yeah, it's all ready to take that fall
And it's up to you to make that call
And if it don't work, make the real pen, wipe it out
So drop the fall
Yeah, drop the fall
Yeah, drop the fall
If you drop the bomb, the bomb, the bomb, the bomb
Oh yeah, yeah, it's getting dark and I'm gone
Gotta get on down
Cool, like a gang hang
JT players ready to swim
You see the bounce and now the fall moves the prize
If you win it, let me hear it
If you win it, don't doubt me
We hittin'
Tell me, who be the fool?
Who be the god like the summin' old fool?
JB with the JT vibe from the 80's
You know how it goes, celebration, babe
Get out of the road with a mile of R&B
The fool better see what you're in
You can be doin' it, yeah, like some kind of swig
Oh
I'm not a
me
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
bitch get a new song an open letter
from orange lounge radio that's right yes skanky bitch anyway you are listening
to Orange Lounge Radio for July 7th of 2002. Kind of a slow news week, not a whole lot
to talk about tonight, so I don't know, I think we're just gonna kinda, just talk about
whatever we want tonight. Maybe we won't even talk about Bomani at all. What do you guys
think? I'll sing for you. Oh, what? No, no, you're fired! Oh god, we want people to listen
to this show, Christ. I guess if we do want to talk about new stuff, there is some stuff
going on. For the third week in a row, we're going to bring up this whole solo 2000 controversy
going on in San Diego, all this hubbub where the Youth Advocacy Coalition decided to get
a solo 2000 machine pulled from a bowling alley because of images of ecstasy and vodka
and drugs and alcohol and all sorts of naughty things and nurses with syringes in their asses
and all sorts of things.
Basically the only new news item I've got for you guys is that DDR Freak, one of the
biggest, I'm sure you guys have heard of it, the biggest DDR website out there, has drafted
a response to the controversy, and you can read it over on DDR Freak's website, but I'll
give you some of the highlights for you.
Basically what they're saying is, A, the pills.
They're saying when the youth advocacy coalition saw the pills in I'm Alive, they immediately
assumed it was something like ecstasy, but actually, if you look very closely, you'll
see it says, it's medicine. It says the word medicine if you look very carefully at the
little words. It says medicine. Yeah, I'll be damned! Because none of us are ever watching
the backgrounds that closely. You know what I found out? What? This youth coalition, they're
just un-American Communist pigs, you know? And how did you find that out? Did you sleep
with one of them? No, no, no. Just look at them. They're against modern medicine and
healing, you know, people who have ailments. They don't like these nurses and they help
people. What the fuck is their problem? Okay. Chat room responding that this really isn't
a big deal. This story is getting blown out of proportion because we're talking about
one girl in one group getting one machine getting kicked out of a bowling alley.
The only reason I see it as a big deal is because now it's getting all this media exposure
and it is being dug into the ground and beaten with a stick repeatedly.
And it has kind of become a bigger deal than it should be, really.
So I think that's kind of why it needs to be discussed.
Does that make any sense at all?
Yeah, but if we beat it to the ground then it'll never come back.
I tried.
I've done it before.
Anyway, also in the response they say they brought up, they also brought up the Dr. Mario
point.
Why, if you're going after this, why not ban Dr. Mario forever?
Well you know why?
Because there's a seductive nurse.
That's right.
They say the sexy nurses are scantily clad but that's nothing out of the ordinary because
sexy nurses have been shown in Animaniacs, which is suitable for all ages.
That's a good point.
And honestly, if you think that's inappropriate, go to Gulf Land on a weekend when the summer
park is open or whatever, the water park.
There are girls dressed in way less clothing than that.
I'm sorry.
They're real.
I just think that it's funny that they compare DDR to Animaniacs in any fashion.
That's just funny.
It's time for...
Also, they're talking about syringes, saying that the syringes were mistaken to be an illegal
drug instead of something medical like vaccinations.
If you notice in some screenshot that I don't see on my screen, syringes are flying around.
They're doctors wearing red crosses, so that means it's medical syringes.
You know what?
Did they not...
Bend over.
You might feel a prick.
A prick.
You know what?
Did they not make the connection, pills, syringes, nurse, medical, hello, what does any of that,
you know, together have to do?
And then they say about the cocktails, the cocktail images in the song Club Tropicana
do not use cocktail glasses, instead they use glasses more commonly used for smoothies
and milkshakes.
And they say you don't know, basically the end of this argument says you don't know what's
in those drinks, you don't know anything about what's going on here, and you're just being
a damn fool to declare them as promoting alcohol abuse.
And then they say, they go on to say that actually they're on DDR Freak, people express
that playing DDR has decreased one's likelihood of experimenting with drugs, and it brings
people away from playing such really evil games as House of the Dead and Street Fighter
and Soul Calibur, Dead or Alive, Puzzle Bobble, Playboy Pinball.
You know what, no one plays Club Tropicana anyway, so they don't have to worry about
that there.
Yeah, nobody plays that song anyway, so it's crap.
Alright, that's all I really want to say about the Solo 2000 stuff, because we talked about
this week on Week on Week, and the chat room is saying some things about it, and I'm being
given some URLs so I'll check those out during the next break and if there's
anything more revealing we'll talk about that during the next break so are we
just gonna drop it oh we just gonna dry I don't know is there anything you guys
want to say about this because we talked about it too much but it is basically
the biggest news story it's something that everybody's talking about it seems
like every day somebody new reads this story and goes why isn't that bitch just
shut up yeah why doesn't she know but let's not keep going on this is just
Dragging it on too long.
But I hate when, you know, the nerd...
Oh.
Give me back the mic.
Oh!
Somebody rating a good point in the chatroom saying,
That's something that pisses them off is that you're chucking the rest of the arcade community on the bonfire to make DDR seem less evil.
That's coming from Jabberwocky in the chatroom.
So it's kind of like saying...
You kind of like how I was saying it in the response says hey at least it's not as bad as House of the Dead or these other arcade games going maybe that's not the best way you want to go about your defense.
You just want to say that you know if you're going to go to an arcade just have fun because that's what arcades are all about and don't take it too seriously because they're just video games.
They're fake.
No they're not.
Well, if you know these images of drugs and stuff are causing kids to do drugs, my god,
we must have a world full of just drugged out, crazy ass, stupid people just walking
around.
News flash, we do.
You know what?
I don't see a lot of druggies playing video games, I think they're too strung out to be
playing.
Apparently you don't go to Country Club Lanes very much, but I don't know.
No, no, no, those are like the, I'm not going to even discuss that because I might get shot.
You know, I don't see how they can play video games and be high at the same time or whatever,
because they'd be too strong.
Oh, okay.
Well then I retract.
What happened?
I don't know.
Pinball's kind of always struck me as a stoner game.
Is it just me?
Where the hell did you get that?
I don't know.
Just something about all the swirly things and the anyway.
Yeah.
I think it's a good time to change the subject.
Let's talk about, Matt, you're kind of the emulation expert of the group.
I don't know, is it more appropriate to call these things emulators or simulators, these
DDR?
I think it'd just be better to call them sims.
Simulators, okay.
So we got major news going on in the Dance Dance Revolution simulator world this week,
so why don't you tell us a little more about that.
Okay, well first off, we have the release of StepMania 3.0, the beta one of it.
It's brand new, it's got the max interface on it, including the groove generator and
all that kind of stuff.
pretty close to being perfect as far as interface goes. One of the nice features I like about
it is the addition of an editor. It's just like the home versions. You can make your
own tracks. You can help sync the ones that you have to fix them and that kind of thing.
For those of the people that are listening that don't know what it is, can you explain
some of the stuff like the groove generator and all that?
Okay, well the groove generator you've seen in it at max, it looks like the chart that's
got the basically graphs, you've got air and voltage and that kind of thing, kind of tells
you aside from saying this is a cata or an eight foot or whatnot, it tells you why it's
rated that.
It has a lot of jumps, tons of free zeros, a lot of crazy steps, that type of thing.
It's just to help you out in determining whether or not a song is difficult or not.
Really it's kind of pointless though.
No one really looks at that as far as I'm concerned.
It's pointless.
People want to know.
Okay, I can say there is one reason for the groove generator, and that is a lot of times
people want to know how many freezes there are in a song and jumps.
People that are new to DDR, because I've been teaching some people how to play DDR recently,
they look at that error thing.
If they're going to be having to do a lot of those double jumps, they avoid the song,
like the plague.
So that's the one thing I can see that's good of it.
Yeah.
Well.
It's groove radar, not generator.
Whatever.
In the simulator, I think it's called the generator.
I don't know.
Anyway.
It's groove radar.
Anyways, aside from that, as far as the simulators go, basically the two main ones out there
right now are Dance with Intensity and Step Mania. Step Mania, obviously, it's been pretty
buggy in the past as far as what I've been, because I've used both of them. I've been
actually testing three right now, and I found it, it's pretty good so far. I mean, obviously
it's the first beta so it's going to have tons of bugs in it. The gameplay itself is
pretty good. I like the fact that you can use BMS files as well as DWI files, which
is awesome. They've added a random select just like, you know, you'd find in the arcade.
And just to interject for those that don't know, the BMS files and DWI files are the
actual list of steps. BMS being a kind of old format when these simulators were first
coming around and DWI was kind of when Dance With Intensity came in and kind of gave us
a new format.
In fact, speaking of new formats, StepMania is going to actually introduce a new format,
the SM format, which is supposedly going to include later on the addition to support for
Pump It Up, Easy To Dancer, Guitar Freaks, Drummania, pretty much any Bamani out there.
Will that also support Lips and Chains?
I'm just kidding.
Yes, it will.
How about the Booga Booga Simulator?
I thought I'd try something here because I know you guys haven't seen this right
have you seen the new step mania Dave okay and you guys haven't seen this I'm
gonna try to load it up right now so they can see this we can kind of get
their reaction because this thing is pretty damn accurate to the arcade you
might be amazed so I'm gonna load this up now this might just crash the whole
damn show and we'll lose all our listeners that's okay because no one
listens to show anyway so here we go okay okay one of the things that since
The only thing that actually mentions loading up that I didn't like about StepMania is that it takes forever to load.
People like me who are just freaks out there that have to have every single step file out there, and I have about 800 of them, it takes goddamn forever to load up.
So, we've got basically, it looks like Max, they even have this stupid little logo that's, you know, making fun of Max.
S&M Max.
S&M Max?
It's the 7th mix Red Flames logo.
Everybody's waiting for you.
And then they've got Rage holding his head like he hurt himself.
Oh, this is nice.
Pretty much everything looks like it's supposed to.
They even have the ONI courses, which is nice.
It just redid a couple of the graphics, but basically it looks exactly the same as I expected.
One of the things that's a little bit different from SetMeeting before is once you've selected what mode you're going to play, it kind of goes into something that looks like a force mix screen, where you have the different categories you can select from different folders.
One of the cool things about it is they've added a few additional features that you'll find in a home version or an arcade.
Some of these are like the ability to do different types of visualizing stuff.
For instance, you know, in an arcade you will have Boo and that type of thing.
Well, they've added some different ones like Drunk, which the Air Fourth wave also is kind of like Boost,
But a boost and then slows down, boost slows down, make it really hard to find, you know, to read the steps.
And then also they have one that's called scroll, which is your Star Wars type of scrolling thing.
The what kind of scroll?
It's like Star Wars mode, right?
Wow, that was weird.
I guess it gives you, I've never been drunk.
I mean, yeah, I'm the little crude one here, but I guess that's what it looks like to be drunk when you're playing DDR.
I have to exit out of it because I think it's fucking with our levels too bad here, so...
Oh, it's telling me we might be having dropouts on the stream right now, so I apologize for that.
See, I told you when we went into the emulator, it might F things up, but...
All right.
But anyway, so basically, so far it's pretty good.
It's going to be a little bit buggy, but they're releasing betas.
They've released beta 2 today, so it looks pretty good.
They're keeping up on updating it, and we'll have to see how it goes.
But if you decide that you don't want to stick with StepMania and you want to actually stick
with DWI, which is the other simulator out there, I've been informed that DWI 2.0 will
be coming out in the next couple weeks.
What are some things that everybody has to look forward to in DWI 2.0?
I believe that they're going to have a groov radar in it just like StepMania.
They're supposed to be redoing the interface and I forget what else they're adding.
Hopefully they fix some of the bugs that are in it, but I don't think too much is changing actually.
It looks like it's going pretty much the same, so I'll stick with StepMania right now, but I really hate that load time.
That's pretty much it so far.
I'm being told that the stream might be dropping quite a bit, so I'm trying to cut everything out that might be taking up bandwidth,
so I apologize for the drops in the stream, but bear with us and hopefully it should be okay now that I turned off StepMania.
So I guess this begins the talk of emulation versus the real thing.
I see this happen a lot on a lot of message boards where people go, well, Max Unlimited,
It isn't that bad because I passed it in the emulator.
There was a guy out there, goes by the name of Bemani Ruler, for a while that was doing step files. They were freaking impossible.
I mean, if any of this stuff was out in the arcade, it would definitely be maximum limited, hands down. It is just some of the hardest stuff I've ever seen.
And this stuff is awesome. And that's one of the cool things about the emulators, is you can actually make them harder than the arcades.
Also, with making them harder, you can change the difficulty, like Matt said.
You can make it harder.
You can add all these crazy things, like in step menu, the drunk mode and dizzy mode.
You can have it go, I think, a little bit off-beat or something and make them wave back
and forth.
Just all this crazy stuff.
People do it.
They pass it on the emulator, yeah, with your fingers.
That's like playing Thumb Thumb Revolution.
It doesn't qualify as anything.
I can full combo Max 300, but that doesn't give a shit about what I can do in the real
thing.
Oh, I was just going to say, this is a discussion of emulators versus the real thing like the
arcade.
Okay, well, I think the original purpose was to play it with your feet.
That's why the arcade version is playing with your feet.
So I think that emulator versions aren't, if you're playing with your hands, it's not
exactly same as, you know, the original intent of it, but everybody has their own, you know,
thing about it, so.
Okay, well say somebody has one of those little Kiki Joy things, and if you don't know what
a Kiki Joy is, that basically will take a PlayStation input and turn it into a USB input,
so effectively you could take a Konami pad or a Red Octane pad, whatever DDR pad you
use, and then plug it into your computer, which these emulators will recognize. So now,
once again, it is a feet game. So, how, does that change things, or?
Yeah, because the home pads suck.
Well, they do.
Yeah, and if you have unlimited amounts of time and money,
then you can be like Matt here and build your own metal pads.
And then we're cooking with gas.
That's pretty cool.
But you know, I've never played on a metal homemade pad.
But I don't think it's ever going to be as good as an arcade.
Hey.
OK.
Settle down, boys.
Yeah.
If you touch me there again, I'm calling the cops.
Sorry, I didn't mean to derail it.
The main normal, the standard original stages are the best stages. That's why I play in the arcade. Nobody's homemade pad is going to be as good as those. I'm sure they're going to be good, maybe just up there, but unless you buy an actual Konami original dance stage, which are like $1,000 or something, if I'm not right or wrong or whatever, they're fucking awesome.
Okay, well let's say you went and you spent, let's say you even spent like the thousands
of dollars to buy yourself like an arcade platform and you figured out how to hook it
into your computer and everything.
How does it still compare to the arcade?
Is it, you know, to take the emulator itself versus DDR, would it still be, you know, if
I pass something on this emulator, if I pass Max Unlimited with my arcade stage at home,
is that still, you know, as cool as doing it in the arcade or what?
Well, I think that if you had it on the same difficulty, because you can make it ridiculously
easy to pass.
You can miss 30 notes and have the equivalent to missing one in the arcade.
But yeah, if you put it on the original difficulty and then just bust out a few songs that you
could do, I'm sure that you could just go to the arcade and do the same thing.
It wouldn't be any harder unless the difficulty on the arcade was changed.
If that were the case, say you had basically an arcade set up at home on the emulator,
I think the only benefit to going back to the arcade would be to get crowds and stuff
like that, to make it cheaper at your house.
Which is an interesting point that's being raised in the chat room right now, Jabberwocky
again saying, you know, you've also got things affected like acoustics in the arcade and
the dance pad, etc.
Kind of bringing up that whole arcade environment, you know?
If you spent thousands of dollars to get a machine in your home, would you still go to
the arcade?
Definitely, but sometimes you want to be away from the arcade, especially with a lot of
these little brats running around.
Another thing that I like about the simulator is the fact that you can play some of the
songs before they come out.
I remember having the DDR Max 2 stuff way before I ever saw a machine for it, and that
was kind of cool because you get to try the stuff out before you get the arcade.
Honestly, if anyone could have a DDR machine at home, they would.
There's obvious pros and cons, but people realize that there are far more pros to having
one at home than cons.
With simulators, you can get your own songs that you can put steps to.
You don't have people wanting to play, and you don't have to pay any money, anything
like that.
Those are some pros.
once in a while going back to the arcade to show off, but that would be about the only
reason I personally would go back to the arcade if I had my own machine.
Okay, we're getting a question from the chat room for you guys from DSCS SoCal Kicks. He
wants to know, if you have the simulator, would you still buy the games when they came
out for the console, or would you just download them? What do you think?
I can answer that. I definitely buy all the games when they come out. The thing is, I
buy them for different reasons. I'm kind of sad I buy them to make edits. That's what
I used to do and I actually own quite a few, 4th, 3rd, 5th, Max, you know it doesn't work,
Conomics, USA, Best Hits, Disney's Rave at one point.
Did you say Best Hits?
Yes, Best Hits.
No, I thought you said Tits, sorry.
No, Tits, Best Hits, just so I could make my edits for Stump to my beat.
That was before I started making edits on the computer, but anyways, yeah, I love the
home versions, they're awesome, you can get some of the songs that aren't on anything
else, you know, some of the club stuff, even though I have those.
Another thing, which is why I first got fourth mix and extra mix, is because challenge mode,
and that for me is really fun because last week I started doing it again at Rob's house
because it's fun.
Did it again?
Yes, I did it again.
Oops.
I did it again.
Oops.
It's just got some crazy shit that you have to do, like, hit in where you have to get
all goods or something like that. All this stuff that you would never normally try to
do, like keep your bar at 5% in your full life and still pass the song without getting
any misses or something like that. I don't know. I'm just crazy.
To answer that question about whether I would buy the game, if I could just get it online,
We have to factor in economics with supply and demand.
If you stop buying the games, they're not going to see the profit and they're going
to stop making the games.
That could be the ultimate worst case scenario, but then again, you're giving them all this
money to buy these games when you can just get it for free online.
kind of a tough decision. Personally, I'm poor, so I would probably download it online
if I could, but I would still support Konami if I could.
I've got a huge collection as far as songs go, and I have the metal pads and the whole
setup and everything, and I actually built that because I was like, oh, I'm going to
save myself tons of money, I'm not going to go to the arcade, I'm not going to buy the
home versions that never happened I ended up spending all that money and I
haven't actually it's just the problem is it's too bulky to set up all the time
unless I actually have a nice place to set it up and keep it set up that's why
the home versions are awesome because you can actually just okay I feel like
playing fifth mix pop it in and away you go and also along the same lines
realistically you know most people won't be able to have an arcade set up unless
they've got a lot of money. So I would see that if they don't buy the home versions,
they would at least be supporting Konami by going to the arcades and playing the actual
arcade game.
I don't know how much money Konami makes off of us importing their Japanese machines into
American arcades and then putting money into it. I honestly don't see that Konami makes
any money off the import scene. I don't know. I'm probably not telling facts here. Somebody
else might in the chat room know more than me on it. But I honestly think, as people
have said before, Konami really doesn't give a shit about us, and they probably are making
all their money overseas, back at their home. So, I don't know what to say, man.
At their home? Go to your home. Well, I'm just waiting to see the DDR Max
for the U.S., I mean, because we're talking songs that we've supposedly never seen before.
I hope they don't give us anything like After the Game of Love again, but...
I have an agreement. Well, for those that don't know the first,
Well, I know all you guys know, but for those that are listening out there that may not know, the first announced song was Overblast or Overdoser. I always get the two mixed up.
Overblast.
It's the one by LED. It's Overblast. Thank you.
Overblast by LED is one of the tracks that's going to be new to America. It was never in any Japanese DDR game, but it's going to be new to America.
And I think it sucks.
You think it sucks? I'll play it, I've got it, so I'll play it for the listening audience out there when we go into our next break.
Is that, I know you just said it's not any of the other games, but is that the one that's going to be in 6th style for home version? One of the unlockable songs?
Uh, I have no idea, maybe the chat room can help you out with that.
It's already, uh, it's BeatMania, I believe it's 6th.
Actually, let me plug the chat room real fast, cause, well I got that brought up, let me plug the chat room real fast.
If you guys want to join us in our chat room, unfortunately we don't have a direct easy
way for the website just yet.
We're kind of looking into that.
Unfortunately all the Java people want tons and tons of money for me to get an easy client
to do it.
So all you have to do is you just join IRC and you're going to connect to an other side
IRC server and that will be on your list of options in MIRC.
One server you can use is IRC.eggheads.org and then you're just going to join channel
with a little pound sign, Orange Lounge and that's where our chatters are.
So, come join us if you can. Sorry to interrupt, go ahead and finish it up.
It's a party in there, go in the chat room now. It's great, everybody's taking their shirts off and there's orgasms and stuff. Orgasms.
Okay, anyway, back to the topic.
So anyways, since we kind of just switched topics there, I have no idea where we are.
I believe I was saying Overlast sucked.
Overblast? See, I haven't heard it yet.
It just reminds me of Spin the Disc, and I think we all know what Spin the Disc was like in the arcade.
Spin the Disc is awesome.
It's an awesome song, the steps suck.
Okay, well it's definitely not a- was that an 8-footer it said it was?
Oh man, it should be like a 5-footer.
That's gotta be a 5.
It's pretty- that's something we should probably talk about pretty soon, is the difficulty rating.
What's Konami doing in these new songs?
They are giving all these songs really high difficulty ratings, but to me and a lot of
my friends and stuff, they are seeming really easy.
I think Konami is just, I don't know, maybe they are going to start making 13-footers
or something.
I don't know.
Alright, well we will take a quick break and then we will come back and we will talk about
just that, Brad.
So you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We hope you are having a good time listening.
Visit our website at orangelounge.sky, S-K-I-E dot C-X and drop us an email and let us know
what you think.
Orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
And here it is, as promised, LED with overblast and it may or may not be changed, remixed
for the home version.
We don't know just yet.
This is the BeatMania version, so it'll be kind of close.
So here you go.
I need this all the way I need this all the way
More than that
I believe!
I believe!
I believe!
I believe!
Yeah!
I believe!
This is my destiny.
I never look back, I can't explain what I see, I just know it's real.
Don't you wanna seize the day?
I will go back into reality
I'm just too interested to stay with you
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
I'm not a man
Oh
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do we want to be represented by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
YEAH!
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH, YEAH!
Extreme Bimani Radio. That's us. Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, our live little talk program here.
Jamie Summers, my co-host, is out for tonight, so filling in we have the lovely Irene.
Hi.
And a whole panel of people here. We've got Matt, Loki, and Dave, and Brad, so say hello to everybody.
I left tit and right tit, kind of separate people, so that's like five now.
Right.
You have tits?
I know, you're the skinniest guy I've ever seen, you don't have tits.
Huh.
Yeah.
Anyway.
Those songs you just heard in that last break, we started off with LED Light from Beatmania
5th Mix, and the upcoming USA Max version was Overblast.
that we had for the Fantasia album, Vanessa Mae with Destiny, and Dumond from 2DX7 style
with Never Look Back. And for those that don't know, because we seem to have a lot of new
people listening tonight, so that's really awesome, I thank all you guys for listening
to our little show here, we're in the third week of our new little experiment to try and
do a Bimani talk show every week, but when we're not doing talk, we have a music program
that goes on, our Bimani Music and More show that goes 24-7 on a dial-up-friendly stream
through Live 365.
And even though it's dial-up friendly,
it still sounds pretty darn good.
I was really impressed with it,
so we kept it dial-up friendly.
And we have all the 2DX, BeatMania, DDR, Para Para,
we've got tons of songs there.
In addition to that, we got Dance Mania tracks,
some of the best from that,
and then just all sorts of other random stuff.
Occasionally you'll hear a Parappa, Unjamblammy tune,
something from Pump, something else music game related.
So do tune into that if you get a chance.
That's running 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
and uh... we do archives of this show on uh... i don't know when did we do it
last week monday or tuesday night
we did on monday night we rebroadcast the show will be uh... doing some sort
of regular schedule for the rebroadcast in the future but i don't know what that
is just yet
anyway before we went to break we were talking about uh... all sorts of stuff
we were talking about the emulation which kind of led in to talk about ddr max which led
in to talk about
the max 2 unlocks songs such as spin the disc
burning heat
takumei i feel
And, uh, some folks on the panel here are a little bit disappointed with the steps, so do you have something you want to say about that?
Yes. Um, as my sweet, wonderful girlfriend here, I mean, my princess, said, um, you know, do they do-
Blah!
Don't they- hey, I've got-
I'm just teasing her.
You know you can stick it. Yeah. Okay, anyway, um-
Blah!
Excuse me.
God. That was bad.
Okay, so she was wondering, you know, don't they do site tests on these machines?
You know, wouldn't people tell them?
And I think I figured out that like, well, you know, secret songs like I Feel and stuff,
they don't obviously site test those because they want to keep them secret.
Well, you know, surprise, the secret is the steps suck.
Yeah, so, anyway, I think, I don't know, I guess, screw you and your computer.
Sorry, I've done that. No more sound effects.
What do you think with it? I feel it's crap. I think I love I love the song
I love I feel it's an awesome song, but the steps were just kind of like okay. They're kind of
It's kind of like you're reminding me a lot of Orion how the steps they don't really go with the music
But when you play with your feet it kind of makes a separate instrument
It's kind of like an added percussion thing and that's kind of what they were doing that
I feel except with Orion it kind of works. Yeah, but I feel it doesn't really it doesn't really add anything to the song
On the standard steps, they do go with the song, from what I remember seeing of it.
almost like drifting away except drifting away made more sense it's kind
of a faster read and it gets slower and gets faster and slower as far as like
the synth goes in the background which the steps sync up to I feel tried to do
something like that but it was just kind of all messed up it's just not fun to
play at all well kind of in defense of the game steps of how hard these are I
mean you've got to think of it this way we've been playing well all the
people here have been playing for a long time and I remember that when I first started playing
you know the only two nine-footers that I knew were uh Dynamite Rave and Afro Nova
because I used to play on uh oh don't even I knew that was coming and Dynamite Rave
and Afro Nova from USA the home version and so you know like they had Trip Machine and
And that's an eight.
And I don't think that's any harder than half the stuff that they're saying is eights now.
Because they've got lots of songs, old songs, that are not that hard and they're marked
as eights and sevens and nines and stuff.
But yeah, I think they kind of went overboard on the nines with Fiffnicks, like with Wanda.
That song was not a nine.
Well you know...
But it rules!
You know, I think...
That line, that line.
It's okay.
person that made the steps to, I feel, just laid out this huge chart on the ground and
he had a handful of arrows and he tripped and fell and he dropped all the arrows onto
the ground.
He's like, perfect, this makes complete sense and they were like all askew and just, yeah.
But along the lines of bad ranking, I think maybe they're just
thinking that, you know, we'll play it if they make it look like it's a harder song
because we want harder songs and then we play it and it's crap and then, you know, we get
all pissed off.
Do you think it's really that or do you think it's because maybe the people, from what I
hear I'm not too sure on the specifics of this so I'm probably mostly talking out my
ass here, but on Max 2 a lot of the new songs, it's got a new person in charge of it and
everything, right?
So maybe they decided they were going to change the way they wanted to rank some of the songs
because they changed other rankings too.
What do you guys think about this?
The other songs, they went back and changed.
Many people say, okay, end of the century, should have been a cata the whole time.
Good thing they changed that.
Drop out, okay, yeah, that kind of makes sense as a cata.
Okay, that's cool.
You can make that a cata.
Burn in the Floor, what the hell were you thinking?
One of the easiest seven-footers, you just made a cata.
I was going to say, did they turn it from a five-footer to a cata, because it definitely
was not hard.
Yeah, it's like Moonlight Shadow.
Well, we changed the steps by one step.
We had them go from the left arrow to the far right arrow, so I think they will put
that as a caddo now, you know, like something crazy like that.
It's not, but they should do that, just to go with all the other stuff that they fucked
up.
Yeah, but Moonlight Shadow on 5th Mix, if I remember right, on doubles, was only a 6,
and if you, it's a 7, but it was one of the hardest ones I've ever played, I don't even
know if I've ever did pass the damn song, it's more like an 8 or a 9, just because of
all the running back and forth you have to do.
It's easy for you tall, skinny people, but...
No, um, wait.
On that thing, all they did was just change one note from normally when it goes running across left, down, right, left, down, right.
It goes left, down, right, left, right, down. And that's the only thing that they changed.
They take out a note that does a, for a normal, for people who are regulars at doubles,
and they realize there's certain patterns that Konami does.
You know, so if you played enough songs on doubles, you just, you know the patterns and you can prevent shooting a song.
shadow breaks the rule and takes out a note in the normal run.
So you're really confused.
It does a really weird turn.
But once you figure that out, it is a 7 footer in my opinion.
It is a 7 footer.
But when it was brand new, that was a pretty hard 7 footer.
You didn't quite understand that change and most people didn't notice it.
Isn't that kind of said for a lot of caddos though?
With Orion 7.8 once you just figure out the beat, it's pretty easy?
Yeah.
I think that's kind of the way it should be because, well, no, not necessarily like I feel, because I feel it's got a pretty funky beat.
But, I don't know, I think Orion is, if you play it on one speed, now that maxes out and you can do the speed multiplier, you play Orion on speed two, it's not a problem for anybody, I don't think, really.
Well, you know, unless you're a beginner, which is cool, but, you know, for people that are starting to play on a catastrophic level, no one here is a beginner.
Well, no one here, but we do have listeners out there, Brad, people listening into the
show.
We know all sorts of players and intermediates in advance.
What few listeners we do have?
I think what they tried to do, I think there's two different categories for Katas.
One of them is where they make it so that it's some sort of challenging in some way,
because Orion's a slow song, so they had to make some kind of complicated steps for it
to make it a cat and to make it interesting to play.
And then there's ones that challenge your stamina.
Like they could be the same things, you know, you can step,
you know, same pattern five million times, but it's so fast, you know,
so that's why it's so challenging.
So were you going to say something?
I was just going to say the same thing.
You have the stamina and the ones that are hard to read.
Exactly.
The technical and stamina songs that are catas.
So if they can't challenge you one way,
they're going to try to challenge you the other way.
But then now with Max and the speed multiplier,
they took away that one with the slow song.
Well yeah, I don't mean exactly, I mean exactly like off beats, you know that's how they challenge
you is they try to make weird off beats so that you could just try to step up.
Well that's I feel, but it's definitely not a catnip.
Yeah I know, I think that's what they tried to do with I feel, but it didn't seem to work
very well.
What do you guys think about Max USA is supposed to have a half speed modifier to make the
slow songs even harder?
I think that that would be really cool, but no one in their right mind would do it if
they wanted to try passing a song.
And going back to something else about the unlocked songs, I think that to make them
hard, they should be played at a certain speed, and like, Oni modes could have to be played
with certain things on certain songs, like one song you might have to do Orion on hidden
or something like that.
Just crazy stuff.
Oh, you mean a new Oni mode type of modifier where you have to play the song on half speed
or...?
Well you know in the original testing for Japan, the rumor is, when they tested Max
2 in Japan, the ONI courses were set that way.
The few ONI courses they did have, I think they had like a five-song course, a ten-song
course, and a fifteen-song course, and not only did the songs have different difficulties
and levels and stuff like that, but they also had modifiers, but for whatever reason they
decided to say, okay, we're just going to make everybody play us on one-speed singles,
which I think, though, did make it more challenging, because when I played Max, six-mix, I became
too reliant on 1.5 speed, you know, just because it was easier to PA stuff like that and, you
know, I just kind of became reliant on it using the solo arrows, made things a lot easier
and stuff like that. And now to go back and have to do everything on one speed, Oni courses
kind of added a little bit of challenge for a little while. It was like, ah, these arrows
are so close together. For some reason when I played fifth mix, I didn't have a problem,
but going back and trying to play max with normal arrows was just weird.
With the idea about the certain settings, you can still do it on one speed, it's just
a preset.
So one might be on one speed, and then you might have to play, like, let the beat hit
him on three speed or something.
Like three speed sudden, so you get almost no time to look at the arrows, and just other
stuff like that.
Go ahead.
I was just saying that probably the reason why they took out the modifiers is because
they thought that people might think it's too hard.
There's people that can play hard songs and PA them just fine, but some people can't do
Hidden or Sudden, and what are they going to put Stealth on one song?
I could see Little working and Shuffle, but I think that's part of the reason why they
decided to just, you know, not do it.
Well another thing I'd like to see in the upcoming releases of DDR Max is, I know they
have this with the 2DX 7 style, I think it was in 6 style too, where they have an expert
course for each day of the year, and it's different every day of the year.
I forget what they call it, but it's actually, it's a new course every day.
Oh yeah, was that started in 7th style or 6th? I think it was started in 6th, right?
I think they have it in 6th.
Yeah, because the home version of 6th style is going to have this, where every day you have a different non-stop chorus you can play.
And the home version of 2DX6 style is going to have this, where if it's Monday, you've got this set of songs as your non-stop of the day.
And the other cool thing is all these courses will be internet ranking, I'm pretty sure.
Rune Knight 13 in the chat room's got an interesting idea here saying that they
should make a mode where
if you decide to pick a song in an ONI course you can add modifiers
for a certain amount of points and then use those points maybe they could be
either points on your battery or
unlock points or something. Yeah I think either that's about the
the point I was about to make, make it optional to use the modifiers and then
kind of
I don't know about judging accordingly to that but yeah definitely if you want
If it makes it easier for you to do sudden or hidden or something like that, then definitely
or shuffle, then I think that'd be a good idea.
And that is an interesting concept, you know, making it go towards points or towards the
battery.
It's a good idea.
Okay, I'm going to take a real quick break since it's the top of the hour.
We'll take a real quick break and when we come back, we'll talk about new features that
ought to be in DDR, but they're not.
So you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
We hope you're having a good time.
We do this every Sunday night from 7 o'clock until 9 o'clock, Pacific Standard Time.
And I hope you stay with us.
Here's some music for you.
I've got the rhythm in my feet And you can find it everyday if you want
I need someone to take a shit
The game is ready, ready to play
He knows the night, he kills me on the dice
Walking on the fire, yet some bird is dancing to the light
The groove is just fine, I'll stop the music, be what you like
I want the music, don't stop my imagination
Music is a trap without control
Can't you feel the music?
Don't go around that much, there's no place to fall, don't do it
Don't let them see me through, oh, oh
Take a little sweet, sweet mama
Well, I would love to go to my house and get a gun
Don't let them know, no, no, no, no
I'm going, I'm going, I'm going
Rich, get a new song, an open letter from Orange Lounge Radio.
It is just after eight o'clock and you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio live here
on July 7th, 2002.
It's our third week doing this thing and Jamie Summers, also known as DarkSakura, my lovely
co-host, is out of town unfortunately this week.
She's over at the Anime Expo, but she'll have a lot of fun stories I hope when she comes
back.
I'm hoping maybe she got some interviews, so who knows what kind of stuff we have to
look forward to when she gets back, but she will be back next Sunday at 7 o'clock, so
do join us then. And I imagine most of you will be coming back next week, I hope? Yeah?
Okay, cool.
I'll be here.
All right, so anyway, we were talking about before we went to break, new things that they
could put in DDR. It seems like everybody's got this idea, this really complex, cool points,
system thing that they want to see in DDR, so I thought maybe we'd talk about some of
those ideas. But first off the question, Konami is now putting out a USA version of Max. You
think they're going to put in any other cool new features besides half speed or you think
they're going to fuck it up? I think they should put English in it so that we can read
what they're saying. That's a cool feature. It's Max USA, yes it's going to be in English.
though.
Wait, you're Asian.
Don't you read and speak Asian?
Yes, all of them.
All of the Asians, all the Nieces.
Oh, okay.
Because I thought you guys, you know, it's like the same blood, you know, you guys understood
each other.
Are you racist sir?
I'm being given some insider information in the chat room here, supposedly from a Konami
of America representative himself said, DDR Max USA will have a lot of surprises.
And I'm hoping it's not, surprise, it stinks!
Surprise, I feel the remix, it's like with the same steps, hey, hey, hey, I like, I feel
it.
It's going to be Joga-singing it.
Surprise, it's the Joga-mix, no, no, we hope, we do know that there are some Konami reps
working very hard on our side, and we do hope that they are listening to what we're saying.
We think they definitely do have the ability to give us some very cool stuff that'll make
the Japanese want to import our stuff for a change, so we'll see what happens.
Anyway, any other cool new modes?
I think that they should have, instead of all the arrows at the top, they should have them in a little circle in the middle of the screen.
And make it like a black hole where all the arrows just kind of do like a suction towards the middle.
Salba, okay?
Guitar-o-man.
Or, pop and music has this mode where the little blips, or whatever they're called,
it looks like clacks.
They come towards the front of the screen, and right when they hit the front, you have
to hit them.
Or, as we were talking about earlier in the show, the new Step Mania has the Star Wars
effect, where the arrows are in the back, and the arrows kind of scroll towards the
back.
It's pretty cool.
I wish I'd shown you guys.
We were looking at it earlier.
Yeah, and then George Lucas shows up and sues you for a million dollars.
I have an idea.
If you fail a song, this little midget should come out and kick you in the nuts.
Unless you're a girl, and they'll be like, oh, girls rule, and stuff.
Well, one of the things I thought they should bring back are non-stops.
They could do it like they do with Guitar Freaks, where you have three different options.
Random non-stop.
You have courses.
They'll have themed courses, kind of like ONI courses, but you know, you can't, obviously
they're not as hard, and you don't have to PA them.
What they do with the order non-stop is they actually have it where you don't gain life, you just lose life as you go along.
So, you know, you happen to really suck at one song, you better hope you do better on the next.
No, and for the non-stops, I don't really see a point in less than you don't get life back.
Because what they do now for non-stops is, whenever you play non-stop, the difficulty is set to level 1 for any non-stop mode.
So you can play like the hardest song that you would normally fail and pass it really easily
But you still almost have no life left because you have to do 30 more after that
Irene at the chat rooms responding to your idea here and it's being suggested by DC CS so Cal kicks that
Maybe the girls could get a foot, but it could vibrate
That would be the sound you'd be making
They can have a finger come out from the back, you know.
Oh, I have a real suggestion.
I think, as opposed to a fake one, yes, yeah, anyway, I was thinking maybe they could randomize
the arrows at the top so that they're not all in the same spot so that when it comes
up, like they would change the direction of the arrow, you know, and then you'd have to
find out like you know so it's not it makes it more challenges that sounds
stupid what no it sounds kind of neat what would they call it fuck you up
version fuck sword you up or no I don't know um like roulette style random mode
I don't know yeah roulette style yeah sure that sounds good
are you so I think they should bring back paint data if for all those who
don't remember that it was in third mix not popular at all yes where you can
to design your own arrow patterns.
Yeah, I remember that.
I wrote one that said Rob sucks.
And that was awesome.
And that wasn't funny.
Yes, it was.
What do you think about that, Rob?
It wasn't funny.
I thought it was.
I thought it was rather amusing.
You'd make them look like penis heads, one to the left,
one to the right.
That's so mature of you.
Ew, penises.
OK, anyway, so any other modes, suggestions,
things that ought to be in DDR that aren't type things.
You think they're going to do, do you think they're going to, when Max 2 comes out in
Japan or Max in USA, I'm talking about the home versions, or Max in the USA, the home
version, do you think they're going to do an unlock system similar to the way they were
unlocked in the Max 2 arcade?
Obviously not as many points, but they're going to be lazy and they're just going to
basically take the DDR Max interface that it is right now, maybe, obviously since all
the other home versions I've been after you play so many songs one appears but
nothing like max 2 or anything like that do you know this for fact yes I am all
knowing oh geez okay anyway okay and for the unlocks I don't really think that
they're gonna put in 750 points or whatever because there's really no point
they get you to buy the game you're gonna unlock the songs anyway why even
make them longer like I said they just make the points lower I wonder I wonder
though I don't I point I don't know I maybe they'll get rid of the point
system all together who knows but how about since the PlayStation 2 has a clock
inside it how about time releases and how about we change this with the
internal clock ourselves suggested by dark Tetsuya in the tear room how about
time time releases sure they should make all the unlocks new songs because you
know unless they put enough songs to keep us busy because I noticed on max
too, that everyone was playing all the new songs and stuff, but all the new songs became
old after a while, and then you know you're playing all old songs, and some of the unlocks
that you're unlocking after 750 points are older songs. I think maybe they should reserve
that for new songs. What would you guys think if they brought back Link Mode? What's that?
The DDR Link Mode, where it was linked up with the 2DX substream, where one person would
be playing the 2DX machine. That's where the Club of Pens come from. Nice. Those that don't
Even though if you've ever played Club Append on the Dreamcast or Dis I & II Club Append
for 2nd Mix on PlayStation, those songs were the substream Link songs, and where things
like Earthlight and Pat Center and stuff like that originally came from, which are now economics.
M-Flow owns you.
I think that would be great because while Brad's playing DDR, I could play 2DX and pound
on all the keys at the same time and really mess them up.
What about linking it with other popular session games such as Guitar Freaks and Drummania
and all that?
Mon bro go go.
What ever happened to that supposed link system they were going to have with B4U's CD or something
like that?
Oh yeah, you were telling me about that.
Yeah, well before they were making it sound like oh they were going to be able to pop
the CD in and have secret songs and stuff like that, but that never happened.
Ah, but what about this that they're saying now is going to happen on 2DX6 style with
this V-Rare 2 soundtrack that's coming out.
Supposedly, if you pre-order your copy of 2DX6 style, the home version, from konamistyle.com,
or I'm sorry, it's not konamistyle.com, it's called konamistyle, it's a Japanese site.
If you order it from there, you'll get a special CD called V-Rare 2, which is some rare songs.
They did this for DDR Max.
However, what they say is, you put this soundtrack CD into your PlayStation 2 after you've loaded
up 2DX6 style and it acts as an append disk.
And now you can play about five or six new songs.
That would be nice, but it wouldn't be nice for people who don't want to spend the extra
cash.
Like me, I'd probably get to order it from Japan video games or something.
Who didn't pay us for an endorsement, by the way.
No, but let me tell you why I said that.
You can't order from Konami style because they do not ship to America, so we are fucked.
Us Americans here in America.
I think it would be cool if they put a, because one of my favorite features of third mix was
the disc change where you could go back and play second mix or first mix with the cool
interface and the vivid arrows and stuff like that.
I thought when they did Konomics they should have done some kind of link with the first
USA.
Maybe they can do that with Max.
I think that would be awesome to do some kind of disc change, kind of get more life out
of those old mixes.
Yeah, I don't know.
I think that would be cool because they could play some of the older songs with the speed
modifiers and things like that.
That would be a good idea.
Or the solo arrows, all that stuff.
You guys are both holding your microphones so funny.
Please say something.
They shouldn't put two DDR machines together and make, what is it, quadruples or something instead of doubles.
They put two dancing stages together and have a full, like, four stage whatever thing.
What is that, four times four?
One thing I do realize, since obviously we have economics and stuff and they have that edit feature on it, but what they forgot to mention is that the edits don't work with any of the arcade machines because they have region encoding, kind of like how you can't play U.S. games on Japanese PlayStation or vice versa.
It'd be nice if the edits worked this time on the actual machines. That's what I think.
Also, you know what they should put on the Macs, USA, whatever, they should make, if
you're playing single, they should make a hologram that comes out and dances next to
you.
Alright, anyway, speculate about the report that Konami of America will have an untitled
Konami music game in support of the Playstation 2 network card release.
I don't know much about that, this is all I'm being told in the chat room, is that there's
supposed to be some kind of Konami music game supporting the network card.
What kind of ideas?
Okay, let's say it's a true idea.
What do you guys think it is?
Let's say it's a true idea.
The network card is what will allow you to play PS2 over the modem.
And one music game that's going to be using this is Frequency.
You'll be able to play Frequency with people on the other side of the planet or whatever.
What do you think they'd be able to do with DDR in this mode?
Maybe just playing versus with somebody on the internet.
apparently that quote comes from uh... issue fifty six of the official
playstation magazine may two thousand two
what do you think i think i do
i don't know it sounds dumb
that's what i thought i had that's my opinion i mean
let's see
every online games are really cool but you can really do music online game
maybe kind of dump they tried some similar with like a multi-tap version i
think that m t b music generator thing that right and get your friends together
make music
no one cared
Frequency seems like it would work because you're building one instrument at a time,
so maybe somebody else could be building the other instruments as you're going, and it
would be interesting as instruments come and go and things like that.
Something that's being suggested in the chat room, maybe it's just internet ranking.
Maybe all it's going to do is it's just going to get online and upload your scores and you
can see how you compare to the professionals and all that stuff.
That sounds feasible.
No, even better is downloadable music.
That was just suggested, downloadable new songs if you have a hard drive. However, from what I hear,
I don't know, this is all hearsay, because of the whole Final Fantasy XI, I have a friend who is very, very much into Final Fantasy XI,
hard disk isn't going to be coming to the US. Sony refused to make it for the US. I don't know much about this, I'm just kind of going off whatever.
Actually, one of the cool things about the hard disk is actually the interface itself, you can put any
You can put any standard IDE hard disk in it, anything that you can buy at a software
store or anything like that, just that would work with a computer.
You can plug it right in.
So say you want a 10 gig hard drive, buy a 10 gig hard drive.
If you want a 120 gig hard drive, buy a 120 gig hard drive.
It just plugs right in.
No, I don't know about that because, isn't it the American ones are internal and the
Japanese are external?
Yeah, but see, here's the thing.
the actual, okay, the port that it goes in, you just slide it right in. It has the power port right there and an adapter problem there.
No, I believe it was in either PSM or the official PlayStation magazine. One of the two had it actually on there where they showed a picture of the actual interface and that you can, you know, buy actual, you know, hard drives.
hard drives, and these are just regular hard drives out there. The problem was that they
were having compatibility issues with a few different manufacturers. But, I mean, you
can buy whatever size hard drive you'd like. Well, that would be nice, because Sony's trying
to charge an arm and a leg for these hard drives. It's pretty sad. But, anyway. Well,
I think I'm going to take a quick break, because it's getting hotter in hell here in the studio,
and I'm going to go get a fan to cool some of us off. And when we come back, we'll talk
about more different Bahmani kinds of stuff, all sorts of topic ideas. If you
have something you want us to talk about, why don't you get on in our chat room,
you're just going to join the server, any other, I'm sorry, any other side IRC
server, you're just going to want to go ahead and join. One of them, for example,
is IRC.eggheads.org, and you're just going to join Channel Orange Lounge, and
that's where our chatters are right now, and we're going to take a quick break,
and when we come back we'll be talking about all sorts of more Bahmani
stuff. Does that sound good to you guys? Alright, here we go.
More and more, more and more
program might be dangerous for you to listen to in the kitchen.
We have reported incidents where exposed listening to this program
in the kitchen has caused people to bust out a Sharpie pen, draw arrows
on the tiles, and start stomping away. A friendly
public service announcement from Orange Lounge Radio.
That's right, our Bimani music and more program which can be heard on this live 365
channel for Orange Lounge when we're not on air. So anytime that's not
Sunday from 7 to 9pm, there's our Bamani Music & More show with 2DX, DDR, Guitar Freaks,
and tracks from Dance Mania and other related music game stuff. All sorts of good stuff.
My co-host, Dark Sakura, also known as Jamie Summers, isn't here this week because she's
out at Anime Expo, but she has a little segment she likes to do called the F.U. of the Week,
so in her absence we've been filling in for her. So we've got a nice little F.U. of the
and filling in this week is Brad.
Fuck you!
Fuck you, those ambulances that are driving by out front right now and distracting me.
Yeah.
Does he have something more important to do, like save lives?
Oh, okay.
No, really, um, which one should I fuck you about?
There's a lot of things I could fuck you about.
Fuck you about them all, so what the fuck ever.
First, Taco Bell.
It said lemon iced tea, and it was not.
It was unsweetened iced tea. That sucked.
Oh, that was bad.
Fuck you.
Two, uh, well, Golf Land. It's a water park, we understand, but come on, at least tell your people who are soaking wet.
At least you say Roseville Golf Land, and I believe Stockton and Mesa have water parks in them. Not all golf lands do that.
You're right, you're correct. Thank you. Fuck you, Rob.
Hey!
If you're gonna be soaking wet, don't you understand the DDR stage is electronic information, or uh, electronic equipment under you, don't play if you're soaking wet.
Come on, you're gonna electrify you or somebody else, or even worse, when I get on the stage, I'm gonna slip and fall and hurt myself. Then I have to go hurt you. Fuck you. Anyway.
Anyway, and also, no, on the topic of Golf Land Sun Splash, start teching your machines.
I know there's a tech there.
I'm sure he's fixed stuff, but God damn it, fix the fucking coin slot.
It's not that damn hard.
Takes two seconds to do and screw the fucking thing in so it doesn't break so fast.
Not damn hard.
It takes you two seconds.
I'm sure you know why you're sitting on your ass doing God knows what you do
about teching this stupid uh... waterpark, oh like...
like we need the waterpark there. Like anybody goes to the waterpark. I know, like who does that?
I mean seriously, and those stupid go-karts, I mean no one uses those either.
Goddammit, just fix the fucking coin slot! I can't spend money if the coin slot is broken!
And you know what makes me mad?
They'll tech something like centipede
or something, like some really old
fuck you said it'd be old
but you
yet and and they want you know something that nobody ever plays you know before
they do the d r something in my personal treasury
is that they have people that not attack
they're standing there checking are looking at the machine they know what's
wrong that they know how to fix it
demanded
management like
uh...
we can't let you touch the machine because uh...
we just one either don't know where the keys are or to
You know, you're just training and we're not sure you might fuck the machine up more, even
though it's something really simple as, open the door, look at the coin slot, oh, it's
a little bit tilted, push coin slot over, coin slot fixed, screw in coin slot, close
door, machine worky.
You know, maybe they're too busy sitting around in the back, you know, pouring themselves
a little drink, because all the kids drive them nuts.
But Rob, do you use that sound clip with every show?
Yes, because I only have about five sound clips right now.
Hey, the sound clips sponsor this show, okay?
You know what, I wish you had that sound clip from Clerks where he was playing the Pharaoh
game and they actually get him to do the Pharaohing and he's all, don't you have machines to push
these blogs around?
And he's like, yes, good luck.
Maybe next week.
Any other FUs while we're at it?
Yeah, and that was the wonderful Mini Voices of Brad.
Thank you Mini Voices of Brad.
One more. F you, Brad. Fuck you, Brad, for not getting Krispy Kreme this week. You suck.
Oh! Well, you know what? No Krispy Kreme for you.
Krispy Kreme after the show. Oh, yeah.
Yeah, okay. I have an F you. F you, Brad. No, really. F you. Later.
Hey, that A? Come on, now.
Well, I mean, that's sweet and all, but we're on the air.
And while they're at it, why don't they just fix some of these other machines? I mean, keyboard mania- actually, just get rid of keyboard mania. No one plays it. It's-
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! I love keyboard mania. Hey, would you rather have keyboard mania or, you know, beat mania 8th mix?
They're never gonna get beat mania 8th mix.
Well, hey, hey, hey! Okay, eh- eh- eh-
No, that's 8th.
No, is the final or is the final going to be the eighth mix?
Eighth is final.
The final, okay.
Yes.
Because I don't know.
Because five key, eh, I mean I love B-Mania at all, but seventh style is what owns it.
I mean, I mean, sorry, seven key owns it.
They should put fucking, you know, actual things that say if the machine is broken.
Like on Hip Hop Mania, they don't say that it's broken.
You put a coin in a coin slot and, well, it takes the coin.
Yeah, and this is at Roseville Golf Inn, for those of you who don't live here and don't
Yeah, Roseville Golf Land, normally about more than half the stuff is broken because Hip Hop Mania never works, like seriously, the best that you can ever get it is one button gets jammed constantly and the coin slot takes half your money.
Just another point too, Beat Mania, the final, 8th Mix, whatever, it's all a sham. Because 5 Key still lives on in Beat Mania 3. They haven't announced that they're killing Beat Mania 3 yet, so just food for thought.
Yeah, and I mean, they were supposed to end DDR with DDR Max, weren't they?
I mean, here comes Max 2, Max 3, you know, so much for Max, like being Max.
Do you think they are ever going to end it?
I don't think, at least in the U.S., there's still, I don't know about what's going on in Japan, I don't live there.
But at least in the U.S., it seems like it's growing.
There's more and more people watching these machines and playing them every week I go.
I could not see them killing off DDR.
DDR. If they do something stupid internally within the company, maybe that would do it.
Who knows?
Let's just hope that we don't have Konami of the United States building these machines
because then we'll get a really buggy-ass version of a machine, kind of like Conomics,
and bringing that out where you step on the left arrow twice and then the machine explodes
or something like that. Even if DDR always dies, we always have Pump It Up.
Puke it up, you mean.
Pump it up is tight.
I don't know what you're all complaining about.
I agree.
It's different.
At first I hated it, but then the music was kind of infectious to me and I really liked
a lot of the music and stuff and now I'm just like, bounce with me, bounce with me, bounce
with me, bounce.
No, like, I like half the music and I just love how I'm so used to hitting the arrows
I'm not used to going diagonally in the middle arrow, and I love the shimmy on that thing.
Rob, if you really like the music, why don't you just buy it and dance with it at home?
Because I'm white and I can't dance without arrows?
I don't know.
Well, who cares?
No one's going to see you.
Well, actually, they do have the home version of Pump It Up!
And also, why don't they just, you know, since, you know, you've got this Marvel vs. SNK and
that kind of thing, we can do Pump It Up vs. DDR.
Oh, God.
Have like some, maybe one of the company, you know, Konami should just buy that other
company and have it.
Nine Panel DDR.
Oh my God, it's Nine Panel DDR, oh my God, oh my God!
Huh, right.
No, I don't see how you could do the, you know, obviously pump it up versus DDR, except
for mix the music, you know, into the game, because you can't, you know, have one side
of it be the five panel and the other side be the four panel.
Why not?
That'd be really, yeah, that'd just fuck everything up.
I know.
They shouldn't just have both panels, you know, like one version is pump it up and then
you have the panels in the corner in the middle and then one version, you know, DDR.
Both of the panels are nine panels.
And I am being corrected into chatroom as I ask every time we bring up 9 panel DDR.
What about Techno Motion?
That's 9 panel dance game.
Okay, I don't count the game unless I've played it.
And I go to Arcade Infinity occasionally and Blazings.
It just, we have to kind of base our knowledge of stuff off stuff we've played or at least
kind of heard about and unfortunately the information on Techno Motion isn't that great.
So yeah, okay, there is an iPanel game that exists, but it's obviously not very big because
we don't really hear about it except when the question is brought up.
They should have an iPanel DDR.
Well, what about that one that they had that was like pressure sensitive on the ground
and it had sort of like infrared sensors on the sides.
Not easy to dance or anything like this.
This is some weird Korean thing.
Maybe this was a dream you had, Matt.
No, it wasn't.
Trust me.
The dreams I have are really strange.
Okay, we don't need to go into that.
Oh boy, I don't know if that's appropriate for the show.
Oh, it's appropriate.
I had a really strange dream last night about some alarm clock that was possessed by some sort of thing,
and it was like, causing people to do weird things. It was cool.
What, like play DDR? In public?
That's pretty strange.
Dave's trying to read over my shoulder in the chatroom here, and he's like,
Porn? No, they're saying pop and music there.
Pop and is, that's not porn.
If you drew another little line there, I would say born, but he's saying pop in, like pop
in music.
And we have been discussing 2DX and pop in music throughout the show.
They come up occasionally.
I want para para third mix.
Why?
Because, I like that turn the beat around the para that...
Oh God, that one, the VCD you brought last week with the turn.
Alright, that was pretty cool.
And if para third mix would like kinda lift up the people's skirts when you do that motion,
that would be pretty cool too.
Dude, they should have that guy at the background.
You had to be here last week.
that'd be awesome
ever killed school friends
uh...
yeah i want
i want to go boondock
second Mexican
the gayest conversation we've ever had
para para
boom boom uh... and killed
you give us more care than that
this is combine them all
and we'll tell
well i mean
Look at Pera, Pera, I'm her boy.
You know what?
I heard...
Sorry, I'm pulling it away from you.
Give it to me.
Yeah, I heard that the little kids really do that in Japan.
I don't know if it's a common thing, but they like to mess around with people.
They really put their hands together and make a gun kind of thing, and they just poke people
in their butts.
Yeah.
It's the truth.
We heard it from the horse's mouth.
From one of my Japanese exchange student friends, uh-huh.
That explains it.
It happened to me at a gay bar once, but it turned out...
Was it Japanese?
No, I don't know.
Yeah, so, no.
There's some big, like, football player guy.
Anyway.
I know, it's a cowboy.
We're getting a lot of dot-dot-dots in the chat room right now, like, blink, blink, blink.
I didn't know I was going to tune into this.
Boonga!
Ew!
I thought we were going to be talking about DDR stuff, and 2DX, and all that.
Well, you started talking about Para Para.
Yeah, yeah, it's true.
What do you expect?
Anal Planetration?
I fucked everything up when the conversation went to Para Para, no.
Para Para and Anal Planetration go together.
Para Para, it's cool.
I don't know.
It's not something to obsess over, though.
I don't know.
As far as I'm concerned.
If you want to do that, hey, you know.
Not that there's anything wrong with that, but, you know, as far as I'm concerned.
So what's the next topic?
Next topic!
Why don't we talk about this?
Yeah!
Hey!
Another Bomani game.
Guitar Freak's eighth mix and Drummania's seventh mix are currently being location tested
around.
What do you guys think are some new features these games have?
And what do you think? Do you think they're coming out a little fast?
It seems like just a few months ago we were looking at 5th and 4th at Golfland and they were brand new and...
Yeah, are they spending all their time and money on guitar picks in Romania and not enough on DDR?
Because they're bringing them out way fast.
I think that they're spending too much time on... What are we going to put in the next one instead of putting stuff in the one that's coming out now?
They're like, well, what can we put in 8th nicks? Why not just put it in 7th nicks?
That was disgusting. I don't know what that was. There's a farting type noise happening.
They worry too much about what's coming up next. They're thinking about what's coming up on max 5 right now. Max 3 is coming out probably pretty soon.
You have to be prepared.
In a way.
You have to be prepared.
Yeah, gotta be prepared. Why not just put it in the next one instead of like save it for two more?
You know what would be awesome for drum mania? You know how in Guitar Freaks when you wail?
Yeah, I know.
have something for Drummania, they should have electronic drumsticks and every time
you twirl it in your hand, you should get points or whatever for that.
Okay, two things, one, only real drummers can twirl the sticks, fortunately, I have
that skill.
Well, if you can't twirl it, then, you know, improvise, like, pretend like you're twirling
it or something, like spin it around in your hand or something.
It's not a magic wand.
Here talking about 8th and 7th, which are currently being location tested, here's some
new songs that are going to be in it, Breakdown, which a lot of people when they heard the
song on max two said it should be a guitar piece and now it is
we got a song called russian roulette i wonder if it's anything like that game
show where if you fuck up you fall through the floor
that would be so cool like now you get to play russian roulette with four drop zones
click click click click click click
you got a good you suck
drop you to the hole
what other songs are there
uh... other new song called homesick part two and three uh... then there's a
a bunch of old stuff coming back. There were some other new songs. I'm looking for the
list right now of other new songs that were coming out because I didn't prepare for this
topic before the show. What do you guys think? Because you guys have had a chance to play
Guitar Freak 7th and Drummania 6. What do you guys think about the series?
Well, I love Drummania and Guitar Freak's Drummania more because I actually drum. And
I've been in love with that since the first time I ever played it in like 4th Mix a long
time ago, and basically they've got lots of modifiers and it's way ahead of DDR in terms
of stuff that it can do, but DDR is kind of catching up now with Max 2 and all this other
stuff.
Oh, Tickle Bitties?
I love Drummania.
I'm being told by Virtu, who's in the chat room, saying that Kakumei is rumored to be
in it.
Kakumei?
I don't know.
In Drummania?
What in the world?
You know, I forgot what I was going to say, so never mind.
They need to put half the songs that were in Keyboard Mania on there like the Dracula
Medley and all the other ones that I can't remember right now.
But Henry Henry actually has a really, really good drum part.
You know, I have a question.
Why did they make the difficulties of the songs different from previous mixes?
I don't think they made it that much different.
No, they dropped the difficulties to lower difficulties.
cosmic cowgirl used to be a 50 on basic and then they dropped it to like a 30
yeah there was a dramatic change because beyond the nightmare was like an 80 or
something I think and now it's a 40 something on extreme what they did was
beyond the nightmare they only had two settings they had basic and I'm not sure
if I've mixed Romania but it was I think an 83 or 81 on extreme and I forget like
a 40 on basic and they moved the extreme down to advance and made a new set of
extreme steps. No, it's not steps. Yeah, that would be fun. Smash the drums.
I am being told that Virtu sent me a PM and saying that Jappo sites are claiming that
Kakumei is in Guitar Freaks and Drummania. So take that as it is. It would be interesting.
I could see maybe Kakumei being in Drummania. I don't know about Guitar Freaks. He doesn't
seem to have a guitar part, but you never know. You never know. Some other things that
are going to be in there, Power, Another World, Home Girl, Chocolate Philosophy, Ka Ka Cha,
and Kaiko, My Love. They're saying that they've also changed a lot of the ratings. One song
in particular, Newspaper, used to be a 92 on Extreme, and now it's a 55. So it's like
they're taking the scale and thinking a lot lower.
One thing I noticed about the difficulty, because I always play basic stuff anyways
because I totally suck at guitar freaks. The songs get harder as you play through them. Like, for instance, if I were to, say, play, um, I believe, like, Eraser Motor or whatever on my third song or whatever, or whatever, Erase Notes, yeah, whatever. Anyways, if I would play it on my third song, it'd be like a 40, 43 or something like that. If I played it on my first song, it's like a 20-something. It's, it grades harder as you play through the song. It grades harder, but the actual ranking of how hard it says it is doesn't change.
Like, if you play Giant Slug, it's always an 80-something, or, well, now it's like a 60-something, or whatever.
Yeah, I wonder, what would have been the purpose of changing the difficulty?
It seems like they didn't want to go above the number 100, because I think the highest on the earlier versions was 99.
Yeah.
So they had to, you know, to make, you know, the songs harder, and not, you know, like, because they don't go over a 10-footer on MaxNow, so they kind of had to, like, they need to dumb down some of the other ones.
Do you see what I'm saying?
I'm also being told that Drummania 7th is going to have a total new layout that's going
to have genres and artist names so hopefully we'll be getting some screenshots when they
do the location testing in the future and we'll definitely be talking about that on
a future edition of Orange Lounge Radio which you can hear right here on this Orange Lounge
Live 365 station every Sunday night from 7 to 9 p.m.
I'm going to take another quick break and then we're going to come back and wrap up
the show.
I'm going to go ahead and play one of those songs that's going to be in Guitar Freaks
8th and Drum Mania 7th, you might have heard it in Max 2, it's Breakdown, but I'm being
told it's going to be remixed for Guitar Freeze, which makes sense, because if you listen to
other stuff that was in both, like My Sweet Darlin' was kind of a different mix when you
heard it in Guitar Freeze, and Long Train Runnin', I think it was a completely different
artist, so we'll probably expect the same thing from Breakdown.
So here you go, we're going to listen to a couple songs and we're going to come back
and wrap it up here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You told me you're dead
You've got small plans, you know
You can't even know that life's like it's almost there
Let's go, because the sun's just out of your mind
Maybe we're falling like the light
We're gonna all be good kids, we're good friends
Don't say you're sorry
You've got a gun and you don't care
I guess I'm gonna tear up
Tell me that I need you to get up
Tell me do you love somebody?
Tell me do you love somebody?
Tell me do you love somebody?
I need somebody to swivel around
And if someone told you to join in with us
I'd feel better if we'd be together
And know that the pain will be fine
Sometimes when you feel like the world is turning without you
And you believe it won't make it
Cause you're all alone
Is somebody here for you? Do you feel it too?
Tell me, do you love somebody? Or need somebody?
Just work around and there's someone for you
And start to get with us
We all feel better, we'll be together
And know that everything will be fine
No everything will be fine No everything will be fine
All of the day when the sun shines On everyone but you
Soap in your heart to a transcend The light comes your way
Remember to call my dear, there's somebody here
Tell me do you love somebody or need somebody
Just look around and there's someone for you
It's only you with us, we're all together
We'll be together and know everything will be fine
No, everything will be fine
Tell me do you love, tell me do you love somebody
Or need somebody to circle around
And there's someone for you to join you with
Or we all feel better and see together
No, everything will be fine
No, everything will be fine
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge radio staff meeting.
The song you just heard in that little set were Breakdown by B4U and then from Dance
Maniac 7 that was Serena Paris with Do You Love Somebody and some people in chat were
asking what that one was and again for those that don't listen to the Bimani Music Immortu
program. Why not? You should be. Always playing 24-7 on this Live 365 station when our talk
show isn't going. And that's Dance Maniacs songs, because we sometimes throw in some
of the Dance Maniac tracks. Also, after that, from 2DX, Love Me Do, because Virtu was complaining
we weren't talking enough about 2DX, so I thought I'd play a song for him. For all I
know, he hates that song, but whatever. You know, Bob, when did Madonna join the staff?
We're going to be cutting some new promos after the show tonight, by the way, so you
won't have to hear the same stuff every week.
With my co-host, Dark Sakura, the lovely Jamie Summers being out of town at Anime Expo, it's
kind of been hurting in the making promos department, so there'll be a whole buffet
of things to look forward to when she comes back next week.
I'm sure she'll have some exciting stories to tell.
Speaking of exciting stories, I thought we'd end the show with some exciting stories, so
So I was wondering if anybody on the panel here had any good Bimani stories that involved
either A, being out of town, or B, drunk people?
Anybody?
Nobody has a story.
Irene's got one?
Yeah, it's involving me.
You said during the break you had one, dammit.
It's not anything super special or exciting, but we went to Crestview Lanes, and he was
playing on the DDR machine, which is right by the entrance, and this drunk guy, he had
a bowling ball with him and he came up and he put it on the ground and he was watching
Brad play and then he goes really loud, ooh, rock and roll, you know, and I'm like, whatever.
And then he starts playing soccer with the bowling ball, like kicking it around and stuff.
And yeah, it was just funny because I'm like, shut up. Like I seriously said that to him
like out loud and I don't think he heard me.
Bowling alleys with DR machines can suck sometimes because they serve alcohol at these bowling
So a lot of drunk people coming up to the DR machine and going woo! Rock and roll!
Once this really long time ago when I was memorizing bakwa for I don't know why.
And I do a hand plant on one part and this drunk guy was watching me and was like oh I can do that.
And so he like he ran up the machine and tried to do a hand plant and he ended up like falling right on his ass.
And it was like during my song, too, and so it's like, okay, get off the floor, I'm playing.
And the same drunk guy, he comes up to Brad and shakes his hand and says, what's your
name, man?
And Brad's all, Brad, and he's all, yeah, I'm Joe, Joe Mama!
Like that's never been the Joe ever, yeah, and then I'm all, okay, bye, Mr. Mama.
Which is kind of ironic, because we had a guy under the nickname Joe Mama in the chat
room earlier.
I just think that...
Same guy, you be the judge.
If he's a 35 year old...
Coincidence? I think not.
Yeah, so that was kind of silly, but nothing entertaining.
What about those, was anybody there a couple nights ago when, weren't you there, Brad, when the drunk people were there and they were asking you how to play?
Oh yes, this was Friday night? Yes, this was Friday night.
Oh, it's so funny watching drunk people come and try to play DDR. I wanted to see them just vomit.
Can you help me learn how to play this game?
And then then USA is set so you can't fail the first stage no matter how crappy you do, right? Am I right?
I don't know. I'm pretty sure but it looks like they were on in a little bit
But didn't we notice them like a minute later walking by them probably okay, like they just said
Fuck this game and just walked off the machine. You can't fail a beginner
What is that on USA that the winner basically we don't worry because it's easy for us. Oh
Oh, it's way too easy for me.
I get so bored I fall asleep.
I fall asleep during those ones and I keep playing and I still full combo it.
I think it would make an interesting freestyle competition honestly.
I was thinking if we somehow do another tourney here in Sacramento or Orange Lounge to broadcast
from, we should do the shuffle tournament with just the one footer basic song.
That would be something.
Yes, I would love to see you do that, Rob.
Show me your white skill.
Yeah!
Is it going to be dabbed next time around?
I don't know.
Working out the details with the lovely Dark Sacro right now, so we'll see.
Don't leak any of that super-secret information there, Irene.
Well, when there isn't much super-secret information, who'd be lea- anyway.
I have a funny drunk story.
Well, it's not really funny, it's just more like self-deprecating, but you guys seem to
enjoy that.
I was in Vegas once, and of all places, I went to the Hilton at the Star Trek Experience,
and I had this thing called the Warp Core Breach.
third, which is seven different kinds of sobi, er, not seven different kinds of sobi, oh,
that'll fuck you up, that's sobi, um, seven different kinds of ficardi, sobi, and rasmataz,
all mixed in a giant fish bowl with some dry ice, and um, I drank probably three quarters
of the fish bowl, my friend who I was with drank the other quarter, and uh, I promptly
went over to the circus circus where we were staying and I got on the USA machine, and
This is about the time I was right playing about an eight foot level, seven to eight
foot level.
I played Afro Nova Trick, being drunk, and it was just so odd because every time you
jump playing that, you just feel like, I'm flying, I'm flying, I'm flying, da da da da
hey.
It's the same when you're like really tired or like you're on drugs or something, like
prescription drugs I mean, like Vicodin or something.
When did you start doing drugs?
No, like Vicodin or something.
When she started playing Solo 2000.
Oh yes, yes, of course.
nurse made me do it yeah but um no like when I was at the tournament the scat
and I was on Vicodin because my of my tooth being cold and I was playing and
I'm like this is so weird it just flows yeah you know I drink beer then I pass
out so yeah I played after never trick and I actually got cheers a lot of
people watching me like oh dude look at the guy with the big eyes play in DDR and
then I went probably back to my room and threw up um oh maybe we should go a
a little more detail about the throwing up process, Rob.
Which is not the only time that DDR has made me throw up, but that's for another show,
so I'm going to go ahead and end this show.
That's my question.
Thanks to everybody for being here tonight, Irene, for filling in as co-hosts, but really,
kind of everybody was a co-host tonight, so a big hi to everybody, thank you, Dave.
Any final thoughts, Dave?
My final thoughts is that all the songs that people bash on are not that bad, like Pump
it up
that's too
thank you rob exactly that
that's exactly what i'm talking well let them move that's a different story out
that is crap
that's something we're going to be doing that in a couple weeks so maybe next
week will be doing a uh...
uh... version of uh... list list that we size to a male that college radio show
we will determine
the worst d r song in history will do that on a future show so you ought to
show up to that show
already final
thoughts from you matt loki
our edit edit master be kind to each other and god bless
uh...
let's sacrifice this
young one now
please
is that your final thought brad
okay jerry spinner
well thought
uh... yeah
sacrifice him
okay look big and uh... lastly from the lovely rice princess any final thoughts
from you
uh...
yet yet and the money is pretty cool and i love bread
Oh, that was so sweet.
This is Rob Roberts.
And on behalf of my co-host, Jamie Sakura,
Dark Sakura, who's out of town, good night to everybody.
And we'll see you next Sunday at 7 o'clock.
See you later.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio stars Jamie Summers and Rob Roberts,
also known as Dark Sakura and Skye.
Thanks for listening, and now here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
The little critters of nature, they don't know that they're ugly.
That's very funny, a fly marrying a bumblebee.
I told you I'd shoot, but you didn't believe me.
Why didn't you believe me?
Happy, happy, joy, joy.
Thank you very much for listening,
And we'll see you next week.
