You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
All your days are belong to us.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain sexual and adult content, and many instances are the f-word, which is not safe for children.
1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4, 3, 2, 1
I'd also like to add that I have my father's gun and the scorching case of her case.
She's my grift, nuge.
Mecha-lecha-hi, mecha-hiney-ho
Oh my god, I hate growing up in public!
Me too!
Ugh!
Bucker, yeah?
I'm workin' on it.
Loser.
Lame!
I'm the fun with my face!
Breathing!
Breath...
Heaving breath!
Heaving...
Whatever!
Now you all just sit there and keep your mouth shut
while I don't listen to my written experience records!
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh
I...
am...
the singing telegram!
somewhere inside the state of california in the great nation of the united
states of america
cat
planet earth
orange lounge radio is now on the air
that intro brought to you by krispy kreme donuts
being uh... regurgitated by me as we speak thank you
you're tuned into the money seems newest and greatest radio station of all things
the money
my name is rob roberts but you might know me as sky
joining me as always is my lovely co-host jamie summers also known as dark
This is episode number six for July the 28th, 2002.
We are joined in studio once again by a whole lot of guests, including a few travelers tonight.
Say hello, everyone, to a familiar freestyler.
You might have heard of him.
His name's Mel B. Give it up.
Give what up?
Do I have to give up freestyling?
No, I thought you already threatened to do that already.
oh yeah no see everyone every time i you know people think i retire it's just like i'm retiring
my clothes i'm trying my shoes you know it's like it's i don't know i just get bored i guess
it's hard being perfect with nothing to do
thank you mel B also please give it up for the biggest sharks fan on the planet say hello to melody
any any witty things you'd like to add to follow up to the how can i follow that up it's just
is absolutely impossible.
Do you want to threaten to retire anything here on the show tonight?
I can't give up my shots. I'm sorry. It just didn't happen.
Fair enough.
And we've got a lot of other regulars in the house tonight as I go around the room.
We've got Brad.
I'm Brad.
Bradley.
Paul.
No.
Matt.
No.
Irene.
Nadia the motion picture.
And that's about it.
everybody so we'll be talking all them a bit later but first a quick break any
other thoughts from you what we already went halfway in a break there my bad
sorry about that no technical inconvenience there it happens okay
What, technical incompetence? What?
Technical incompetence. User incompetence right there.
We're going to break. I'll be right back.
just a step back
You, you, you, you, you, you
You're a iconic mystery.
Never kills any demand.
You're a iconic mystery.
Never kills any demand.
I don't want to lose you
I want to be with you
I want to be with you
I want to be with you
tell me do you love somebody or need somebody just look around and there's someone for you
It's turning you with our hopes, you've been a
We'll be together in love, and then we'll be fine
Sometimes when you feel like the world
It's turning without you
And you believe it won't make it
Cause you're all alone
There's somebody here for you
Do you feel it too?
Tell me do you love somebody, need somebody
Just work around and there's someone for you
And start here with us
We all feel better, we'll be together
And know that everything will be fine
Know that everything will be fine
Know that everything will be fine
It's all of the same when the sun shines on everyone but you
Just open your heart to open and the light comes your way
Remember to call my dear, there's somebody here
Tell me do you love somebody or need somebody
Just look around and there's someone for you
And show me you're with us All together, we'll be together
And no, everything will be fine
No, everything will be fine
Tell me do you love, tell me do you love somebody
Or need somebody Just look around and there's someone for you
And now it's time for Erotic Pop Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's
favourite perverse Bomani band, E-Erotic.
Do it all night. Do it with me.
No, no, that was awful, bloody terrible. Do you take vocal lessons? Kill your teacher!
In the heat of the night.
Oh God, I think my ears are bleeding.
I liked it.
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula. Next!
Oh, that was cool.
Do you even know why you're here? That was just bloody pathetic. Next!
Come with me, man. Come on, do it with me.
Yes! Yes, that's it! We have a winner!
A star is born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Every Sunday night, a star is born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You're repeating yourself.
You are listening. I know. I like to repeat myself.
I think a star just fell out of the sky at the time.
It landed on somebody.
If a star is falling, though, shouldn't she be making a wish on it?
Yeah, at least she don't fall on me.
Quite the optimistic, aren't we?
Oh, Jamie's been having a Pessimism Week. It's fun.
Does that mean we need to start off with your F.U. of the Week?
Hmm.
All right, I think we need to start off with Jamie's F.U. of the Week.
Oh.
Are you ready to give your F.U. of the Week?
I have a primary topic.
You have a primary topic.
Well, all right, then I present to you, Jamie's F.U. of the Week.
My F.U. of the Week is directed toward the lovely Korean servers of Ragnarok Online.
Okay, I'm sure people who read my live journal, who know me, know that I've gotten addicted to this game as of late.
I was happy, I was having a good week, I got goggles, which you can't get on the current beta, I traded half my armor for it.
And what do goggles do?
They just look cool.
Okay.
They do, seriously, all they do is look cool.
And, um...
Jamie has to be cool.
Heaven forbid, Jamie's uncool.
I got a one in ten thousand chance item that each creature will drop that one in every ten thousand creatures will drop one.
I got a card, sold it, got more goggles, sold that, got more money.
Now this is Ragnarok or EverQuest?
This is Ragnarok online.
Ragnarok? It sounded like EverQuest here.
No, this is my own crack. I do not play EverQuest.
Anyway, so I'm all happy and looking forward to getting levels and the server goes down.
And then the server comes back up after I try to sign on to the damn game for an hour.
And then the character server goes down so I try to log on and hey, my character's missing, yay!
By the way, for people who do play, if you see that the characters are not showing up, if you make a new one, you will never get your old character back. Isn't that nice?
So, I've been sitting here now for a couple days, not being able to play Ragnarok because either the character server is down, or the main server is down, or just want me to log in, or this other crap.
And so, I'm just ready to say screw it, except I am an addict.
Now, do you have any other FUs of the week?
Duploeb, damn them.
I hate Duploeb.
Any particular week?
Duploeb, you know how they make Duploeb locks for small children or people who ride the short bus?
Yes.
Duploeb is like that, except it's for, you know, lobotomized newborns.
That's how stupid you have to be to go with Duploeb.
And me, you know, they did such a good job the first time we had Sacre Mani up.
And then, they've been just utter poopy heads lately, you know?
Yes, I'm being filtered.
It's our new Orange Lounge Language Filter 2000.
I figured I used up all of my-
That's a bunch of bullpoopy!
That's ALF, but you know a movie.
I figured I used up, you know, all of my fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fucks last week,
So I'm gonna be nice today, so fuck them up their asses!
And...
I hate them.
They contain adult language.
They need to die!
They need to go to hell and die there.
So if anybody wants to give me money, do it now.
So I can buy a new shirt.
And we'll have a thank you next week.
Yes!
Whoever decides to give me money, I will not do a fuck you in your direction thank you.
And that's it for your fuck you of the week?
I'll think of something else in a minute.
Well I have an F.U. of the week.
I have to play my F.U. of the week theme song.
Because my F.U. of the week...
Because when I start complaining I sound like a chicken, so I have to play this song.
My F.U. of the week
is traffic in San Francisco, especially around the 101-80 junction area.
What a piece of shit. I mean, people there cannot drive at all. They don't know what lane they're supposed to be in.
Doesn't that feel like an F.U. like forever, not just for the week?
Well it pissed me off this week in particular because I was trying to come home today because
I moved, for those that don't know, I moved the show out of the little tiny room into
the big living room tonight because I knew we'd be having more guests.
And I had about, oh probably about 20 minutes to move the computer out here into the big
room because of traffic.
I'd hoped to have a couple hours.
That didn't quite end up happening.
So my FPU of the week is people who can't drive and cause me to get home late.
You know, I don't foresee that getting any better because people are getting dumber and
dumber and dumber as, you know, time goes on.
We're going to eventually have to evolve from a fuck you of the week to a, you know, a fuck
you with a rabbit horse of the week.
Rabbit horse.
Yes.
Irene is talking about a rabbit horse.
The rabbit horse.
What am I doing?
It's the rabbit horse with big sharp pointy teeth.
Arr.
Okay, worst radio ever.
You don't make signs with your hands.
They can't see them.
No.
We don't care what they see, because they don't see it with you.
We're doing this show to entertain ourselves.
Yeah!
To hell with you!
I'm just kidding, stay connected, please, we need ratings.
Don't go anywhere.
We actually care, we just pretend otherwise.
You know, it's cool to not give a shit, so that's what we're doing here tonight.
Yeah.
Anyway, let's start to our guests, shall we?
Let's save this trainwreck show and talk to the new blood here tonight.
We have some guests, and I'm scooting over to get near the guests.
Everybody say hello to Melody and Mel B. Hi.
So what are you kids doing in town this week?
I don't think that can be put on the radio, sorry.
I mean, what brings you to Sacramento this week?
We just had to see all you wonderful people.
Such a freaking suck-up.
You're trying to make me clean house.
Yeah, I know.
You only showed up so we'd all clean our houses, basically.
My mother sent you.
Damn, my evil plot has been foiled.
Dear God.
Anyway, um, I'm trying to think, uh, what, what else has been going on lately?
We could talk to Melody and Mel B. How about the CVGL?
You guys are the only ones that are at this big tournament at CVGL last week.
What'd you guys think of it?
Uh, from a freestyle perspective, I would probably rank this as one of the top two or
three freestyle competitions I've ever been to, probably, arguably in America.
It was definitely just, you could have taken the top 15 people out there, they probably
would have placed in any other run of the mill tourney last year.
Bar has gone sky high.
So you think every other tournament now is going to have to live up to this?
It would be unfair, but I would not be surprised.
Good thing about it is, you still have the vets that are coming out there, guys like
Trampower, Lil B, and all that, they're still doing their thing, they're living up to their
reputations, but you have a lot of people coming up from Scandia, from out of state,
There was a kid from Omaha who absolutely wrecked shop out there and they're the new blood and they're still experiencing all this great freestyle
Hype, they're still you know in love with the game in as long as we get those new people up in there
And they're busting their ass. I mean dude. It's gonna be a positive thing for freestyle in general in tourneys
Right on what do you think of the German melody just going to watch and yeah?
How many do you go to a lot of tournaments or I?
Get dragged to a lot of tournaments most of the time
Honestly, this time I did not see a single freestyle because management
sucked ass. They refused to move the machine outside. They created a huge fire
hazard indoors. If any of you have been to Castro Valley, it's very small. There
is a small inner room that has the DDR machine and they did not move the damn
machine outside. So it was too dang crowded and the air conditioning was not
working inside either. So management was just being very hard to deal with and
You're getting into an F.U. of the week there.
Okay, well, this would be my F.U. of the millennium, probably, but hey, we had many run-ins with the manager of Castro Valley.
For someone who agreed to hold a tournament, he should have been a lot more accommodating.
I believe Mel was waving desperately, wanting to throw another comment in there.
Oh, and I guess I'd have to do a quick F.U. to an 8-ball, because he was the one that chickened out of a judges-only freestyle tournament.
There was gonna be some money on the line, but his excuse to attorney director who you know approached me
He said you want to a freestyle tournament for judges. I'm like hell yeah, and he said well
I won't have anything in time or according to from what I heard around the grapevine
Apparently he thought whatever prize. He was going to get was not worth risking his reputation over
Okay, right
So who are some of the new new freestylers you guys think are
We're going to be hearing about in the next two tournaments just doing awesome jobs and people you might never have heard about that maybe you should start paying attention to.
Well, I think the biggest contingent of freestyles that are blowing up are the ones from Scandia.
That would be guys like Hypnox, he's been around, but he's got guys like Lou Stiles who's absolutely amazing. Anyone who thinks 8-Ball or Dinkot are good pop-blockers, this guy has just taken it to a higher level.
He's got Bruce Leroy, he's one of the most charismatic guys out there, and just for people
in general, there was that kid from Omaha I told you about, his name was Tequila, he
just recently joined RTF, which you may or may not know as my crew returned to freestyle.
He was that good that practically after his first routine, guys just wanted him, swept
him up, and he's made quite an impression on everybody.
Tell us a little more about RTF, because that's kind of a, you know, a big, pretty well-known...
Oh, he's going to give you the whole spiel here, give us a breakdown, because anything
else you want to plug here while you're on the show, go for it.
But tell us a little something about RTF, and how it all started, and what it stands
for and all that.
All right.
Well, for a quick rundown of the history, RTF started around January of 2001.
It was actually Turner Rochi, the tournament at Metreon.
It was about the time when people...
We got sick of DDR USA, and people at freestyle tournaments weren't really putting up a good
effort they were just sort of improving on stage you wouldn't put in any time
or thought into it and so one of my friends was like don't you remember back
when we actually used to bust ass on freestyle when we actually used to be
creative and you know give a damn and I thought about and although I wasn't one
of those guilty people you know he was just saying yeah we have to go back to
our roots and I was like yeah I'm all for it we gotta return to freestyle and
so the name kind of stuck no it was a lot better than like the Foot Clan or
you know something else that was already taken and so from there you know we just
I just got a few people, at first it was like Shintenshi Mi, Mike Noe, Asian Innovation, then Brand came along.
A few people, and then I think our first major tournament was the Arcade Infinity 2 tourney.
That's when we took Solo 2K.
No, we do not need a Solo sucks anyway, comment.
Yeah, besides, don't you know the new catchphrase is, this DDR sucks?
Yes.
So yeah, that's just pretty much RTF in a nutshell. We like to have a good time.
We're all about just good times and all that stuff. Freestyle is just, you know, one of the things we happen to like to do.
As for other plugs, well, DDR Spot, of course, is the site that I helped run along with a couple of the RTF members.
We're about to do kind of a new thing. We got a lot of new stuff coming on right now.
Interviews with Jason Eno is doing stuff about we're usually breaking news with imports and all that kind of stuff
were affiliated with Team Guilo and Bemoniac, so we got a good base of connections. And
uh, basically, keep coming to the site, we're adding a lot of new stuff daily, and who knows,
you just might get knocked on your ass the next time you get there.
Sounds pretty good. Anything you want to plug while you're here, Melody?
Whee!
Alright, thank you, well put! You got nothing to plug but your ego today, it's just I'm
here, I'm here because I rule. That's why you're here.
Well, everyone knew that already, though.
melody all these rules
my bad i'm sorry excuse me ma'am
speaking i
i noticed that you took a interesting trip out to omaha lately you you
actually went out to help kinda i were you running a tournament out there what
was the deal with that
uh... yeah actually it's a funny story because
i had a friend at tequila actually he caught me on uh... i am or basically on
the three ports
he was saying that their first freestyle tournament that they had absolutely
stuck because the judge was terrible he showed me a videotape of what they did
and he was clearly more talented than everyone else and he ended up taking thirds
so I was like dang you need someone to really run an attorney well
and uh... he said well why don't you come out here and show them how it's done
and I was like
me compete?
and he's like yeah I said well if I had the money sure
and he had a few friends who offered me a whole bunch of ways to come out there
and compete I was like
wait a minute you gonna
pay my way to kick your ass?
I'm like something just didn't register
For a moment, you know, I actually had scruples and I felt bad about it.
So I was like, tell you what, you take that money, you let me run your tournament,
you know, give you the California experience, you probably won't get anywhere else.
And that's kind of, you know, how it ran from there, went to their arcade out there.
And surprisingly enough for an arcade in the Midwest,
you would think they won't have that much to be money or just be that good.
I would say it's probably the most impressive arcade I've been to, like, three levels.
One level is just pure retro with, like, Kung Fu Master, Karate Champ.
And I'm like, a place that has karate chimp, man, how can you beat that?
And Popeye and all that good stuff.
And their bimani was really well stacked.
In fact, that's the only place in America I know that has a linked pada-pada-to-second
mix.
I was blown away.
And it was actually just nice to get out there and just see how bimani's just really blown
up everywhere in the smallest nook and cranny of America.
I kind of noticed this might be starting to be a trend here, because I know I was reading
another story, another freestyle that went out to I think New York or something to help
run a tournament lately. I don't know if that was 8-Ball or something. Was it? Baltimore.
8-Ball did go out to a tournament in, I believe it was Baltimore, Maryland, but he was actually
judging it from what I understand. Do you think this is an interesting trend that seems
to be developing where people from the West Coast are kind of running all over the nation
to be competing and judging and running tournaments? It's a plague. It's a plague. Actually, I
think it's just really a matter of promoting money in general because they know Californians,
We've been out here since the beginning and a lot of us are well known throughout the community and they think drawing in the name won't draw those hardcore fans come out there.
I said people like that girl from New York, Jen, she came out here twice and twice she's placed.
So it shows that people want to come out here or go out there because they love the game and they just want to get out there against the best.
Do you guys think it's ever feasible? I know this is kind of one of those topics that's
one of those like on the popular message boards comes up probably once a month or whatever.
Do you guys think it's feasible to one day have like a national DDR tournament?
Oh, anything's feasible. It's just a matter of actually putting in some manpower and a
lot of money behind it. But if they really want it, it can happen. You know, I think
there's enough educated people out there who can judge a freestyle or, you know, set up
some kind of almost foolproof rules for PA. It's very feasible. I think people just have
to have the money more than anything.
Where would you like to see that held? Because personally, I'd be rooting for Vegas because
just Vegas rules and they've got tons of stuff to do there. But of course, if you're under
21, it kind of sucks.
We actually had a good crowd, believe it or not, actually in Gulfport, Mississippi. They
have pretty large arcade facilities and some of the casinos there. And of course, you don't
have to be, you know, over 18 to get into the arcades there. Lots of space, too, and
a really good crowd. Anybody else got any questions or anything?
Did everybody run away to go play sixth style, or what's going on? Seems like there's a missing
thing. Anybody else got any questions, things to say? No? Paul's all, you guys.
Is this sixth style here? Paul's like, you got sixth style? Yes, it's
in the other room. Go play.
What else do you think would be able to hold a good tourney?
I think Vegas is probably the most popular choice.
I would say L.A. would probably be your next big choice because everyone loves California.
E3 is out there, obviously that's like the entertainment mecca.
So I would think pretty much your main metropolitan, L.A., New York, Chicago would be your top
three choices.
Seattle would be pretty cool too.
I agree and Seattle's got a lot of really good perfect attack players there too and
they'd be able to probably come up with a really good system, I think, for PA as well.
Read in some stuff that they did for a recent tournament of theirs. Sounds like it could
be fun. It almost sounded like a game show, the way they had it laid out, where people
are taking off songs and putting them back on, and all they needed to do was have a trivia
challenge.
You know what I think would be awesome?
No, they don't vote people out.
Is to rent a small stadium, like a baseball-type stadium, and get up a big monitor.
You think they could seriously fill one of those?
Well I'm not saying like a large one, well you know honestly if we had a tourney that
was a national event that would probably be the prime way to do it, would be to have the
machines out there and have a large monitor.
Actually from some of the footage I've seen like in Japan back in 98 or 99 some of their
major tournaments were actually held inside like amphitheaters, inside like concert halls
that kind of thing, there was like an actual stage, there were like spotlights everywhere
like it was a big production, I have a few videos of that and it looks like a really
happening thing.
It's certainly been being sucked away in a corner of an arcade.
What if a place like Great America, Paramounts, I'm thinking Paramounts Great America because
when I see that there's some videos that go around the net that happen to be pumping up,
but when I see those videos I'm kind of reminded it looks like an atmosphere where it's kind
of like Great America's little amphitheater which is a fairly good size but it's not huge.
Well part of that is also the organization of the tournament, so from what I learned
from a friend who's in Korea, Pump It Up is actually like, not just an arcade phenomenon,
it's actually things where like YMCAs would actually have Pump It Up teams and like my
friend, he actually had a Pump It Up teacher that he went to, taught him all this stuff
so like they had these factions from different parts of town, they go to these huge events
and that's, and really, a lot of it's not even a contest, it's just an exhibition of
people showing off what they can do on different songs, that's part of what DDR is gonna need,
It's going to need backing from other companies or little factions that have the means to
get publicity, to get money, and so forth to have these huge events out of Great America,
you know, the amphitheater or wherever.
What would you think of an exhibition style tournament?
I mean, just to have an invitational exhibition style tourney?
Oh, I think it would be great.
I mean, it's gotten to the point where prizes are great and all, but really what it boils
down to is you could really weed out the people who really love the freestyle and just love
the crowds.
It would be just cool to have an exhibition go out there and just do this, say, you know,
we're doing it for fun, we're doing it for prizes, we just, you know, want to entertain.
And I was also thinking, you know, what about like a, you know how they have the People's
Choice Awards?
What about a People's Choice style tournament?
Have crowd voting?
Um, I know 8-Ball wouldn't win.
That was wrong.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio?
Well, you know, I mean, I'm all about the dirt and all that kind of stuff.
If you don't hear it from me, you're going to hear it from someone else.
But I got love for him. It's like, you know, from a competitive standpoint, I want to kick everyone's ass, everyone's anatomy.
But afterwards, hey, we'll knock down a beer and, you know, we'll let you gloat about what you did ten years ago, but hey.
And you kind of have this gasp look of surprise on your face, Molly, anything you want to
add?
That wasn't surprise, that was agreement, Zach.
We won't bring up the event from last night.
Inside jokes here tonight.
Oh yes.
Did you have something you wanted to say, Matt?
I thought I saw your hand like halfway up in the air.
I was just going to say, I was reading on the DDR East Coast Invasion boards that J. Dog went to help determine Florida at some point, but I believe it was someone from the DDR Creek boards that I recognized that went to Florida to help determine.
I didn't hear about a Florida tournament, you know what I mean, I don't keep tight taps on everyone, but I wouldn't be surprised, J. Dog's a pretty big man in demand, you know.
It was Florida or Atlanta, I can't remember.
Well, if it comes to Atlanta, usually it's Inouan.
He used to do a lot of stuff. He ran a tournament in Atlanta about a year or two ago when he was actually living there.
Yeah, all I know is they just love him over in the East Coast. I was trying to get him to listen to the show and plug in.
I guess that's a good question. How do you feel about fanboys and fangirls?
I mean, because DDR, it's like, you know, you're bound to get some fans to download
your videos online, you're fairly well-known freestyler and stuff, and people kind of like
start to get to know you, or you know, want to know more about you and what have you.
Do you think that's kind of weird for being a fan over DDR, or how do you feel about the
whole phenomenon?
I think everyone's a fanboy or fangirl of someone that they love.
I mean, you know, jeez, if I were to meet, like, weird-out like up close five feet away
for me. I'd be all, you know, like, oh my gosh, my title, you go put your best self.
You know, but it's, you know, to each their own, I think it's just, you know, a sign of
appreciation, you know, if they appreciate my dance, hey, I'm all for it. It's like,
who would have thunk that just getting up and doing something I do just for fun. People
would download me, they'd try to compromise style, they'd want to find out words and stuff.
It's, you know, they say flattery is honesty and all that is the truest form of whatever.
Imitation is the finest form of flattery, right?
Yes? That's what you're here for. You're there to correct me.
Did I ever tell you about what happened when I was in Mississippi?
Go ahead. I showed up late for the tourney because I was gonna
be in it and the question I got was
when I told people who I was, they were like, oh my god, you're Darth
Socko? Wait, do you know Mel B?
That is truly what I got. And the other question is, do you still have the bat?
Oh, the bathroom miggle too, wow.
But yeah, just a quick on the fanboy's background, I guess it's...
The only time it really tripped, I guess, it really hit me was
I was in Canada of all places. I was in Vancouver visiting a friend, and then some guy actually
recognized me from my Santa Monica video. I was like,
whoa, out there? Yeah, I gotta admit, it's kinda weird, but at the same time, hey, you know,
I got nothing but love for everyone who's got love back. For me, it's all about the game, but
They like me, hey, it's all good.
They like you, they really like you.
I guess they're not asking me for my pin number for my ATM card, hey, it's all too good.
I guess my next question would be for Melody, because it's no secret, I guess she doesn't mind me saying, Melody, Mel B, an item here, right?
Yes, it's okay to say on the show, yeah, duh, okay, just making sure.
If you kill all the jokes about Mel and Mel, oh my god, they're the same. I've heard them millions of times.
Some people don't like that stuff coming out on air, but no secret.
So how do you feel about the Mel B. fanboys and fangirls?
It can be rather on the interesting side.
Mel just sits there saying, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god.
We want to hear the funny, embarrassing stories because that's what radio is for.
Funny, embarrassing stories. No, that's us.
No fanboys or fangirls.
It's kind of something you just have to learn to deal with.
It can be hard, but it's something
I'm starting to come to terms with that he's
going to be out there.
And that it really is a form of flattery.
People really like him, but as long
as they keep their hands off of him, I'm happy.
Because he's mine.
Know what?
She loves the fanboys, hates the fangirls.
Exactly.
Well, yeah, just a quick, funny fanboy story, though,
was I remember Drags One.
That was when I did my After the Game of Love routine.
I was like kind of pimped out in the zebra hat and like the
Feather bow and all that and at one part like my feather boy sort of came apart and like there was a feather that flew around
There was this one team at the time. They were team epsilon. I think and one guy said oh my god
You know this is cool. Can I keep it? I'm like well, okay sure
I see him at a tournament about eight months later. He pulls the AI3 he comes up to me and says hey man I'm ready for drag
I'm like oh, yeah, he busts out his wallet pulls out that feather from the boy. He says he keeps it for good luck
I was like, whoa. That's why I came to realize, you know, it's something I got to deal with, you know, and I'm actually all happy about it, hey.
Celebrity.
Hey, you know, I mean, some people like the spotlight, some people hate it. I can embrace it, no problem.
Do you think it's odd at all that DDR is something that kind of creates celebrities?
Um, I've seen Stranger Things create celebrities.
True, true.
I guess if you can be a celebrity through Star Trek or, no just kidding, you're a survivor.
So who are you going to take the sponsorship from, Pepsi or Coke?
I would have to go with Pepsi.
Alright. So Pepsi, give them a contract.
I'll ask another real quick question. What do you think was the most, because you go to a lot of tournaments all around California and now even some outside of California too.
I got the UK tournament going in October.
You're definitely going to that, huh?
King of Styles III, yes.
Right on.
What do you think to date has been the most, I guess I wouldn't say the best or worst tournament,
because that's too hard to kind of judge, but maybe the most fun tournament that you went to?
Most fun tournament? Ooh, I would have to say...
Probably... I'm going back.
I think probably the most fun tournament was the first ever Metreon tournament.
It was yeah about August to 2000. That's when like NorCal's that was really their first major get-together
That's when Medtron was holding it Pepsi was sponsoring KOA was doing their thing and that's you know when I was in freestyle
There were like two tiebreakers I had to go there were two tiebreakers in freestyle like one I had to go against
Mike No for first place, you know, we both like went at it. We had to go through like improv
We had to go through routine. They had to pull almost every
tiebreaker in the book, but it was just a lot of fun afterwards, because everyone out
there, it was back before drama really existed and all that, so it was just a sign of the
times when we were all still bonded together by this whole DDR thing, we were all together
before our personal lives sort of took over.
I guess this is going to be an odd question, but was DDR better then?
I think it's not so much it was better, it was just the fascination was still there,
And you know, at the time, we had 1.5 and we really, not a lot of us had third mix or
any other mix to compare and yearn for, but nowadays it's like, once DDR comes out, we
like it for a few days and then we're like, well damn, we want something more.
Because we realize how fun DDR can be and it's usually hard to recreate that first genuine
pure love you have for that feeling.
It's like, you know, crack.
You get the first hit, all you're trying to do is you're trying to replicate that feeling
of the first time.
It never quite happens.
orange lounge is not a doorstruck
stay on the pill, because I won't hurt you, but the next man will.
Those are the words were never said
Just tryin' to get real real
Make sure they laugh and just tryin' to get
Just I vote you gon' stay safe
Cut the drugs, cut the drugs
I'm way too out here, man!
I like it!
Loving you
Loving you
It was such a hard line
Loving you
It was such a hard line
I apologize for cutting off the last song there, we were trying to listen to the Outer
Limits and I made a technical boo-boo and it got cut off, sorry, so I'll give you another
LED track from Nudisix Style and maybe we'll get back to Outer Limits a little later, so
I have my apologies.
Kill that machine
1.
B.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
27.
28.
29.
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio
staff meeting.
Extreme Bomani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio and in that last set we had a couple of the new
new tracks from the 6 style home version, which is kind of the biggest news in the Bomani
scene this week, is that 6 style was released in Japan, and so of course all the fans of
2DX are importing it here, and it's cool, we were going to talk about it last week when
unfortunately none of us got our copy in time, but we have them this week, I got mine, I
finally caved and bought a Japanese Playstation 2 this week just so I could have 6 style.
So it's out in the other room right now and there's people playing it.
What do you think?
What do you guys think of 6 style?
Do we like it?
Woohoo!
God, you people are dead this week!
Well go play it!
Go in there and play it. If you haven't played it, go in there and play it.
And for, you know, just call everybody who's listening, come on over to Rob's and play it in the other room.
Don't keep the address out, that's all I ask.
Well I think probably the best thing about $6 is for the simple fact that every 2DX machine out here that I know of
has a really stupid freaking unreadable screen and now you can go home and
The movies actually work. I mean, wow.
Who knew that the video for Wow Wow 70s was so fucking cool, huh?
That is awesome.
Don't forget about Bearcade though, because Bearcade does have probably the best quality machine now in California, except for maybe AI that I've played.
AI screen is not that great because now the blue and white keys all look green, so it's not bad but not stellar.
The only time I ever played that one was November last year, and I think that was right after it had been replaced.
I haven't been to AI in a while, but just as long.
SHGL's old machine was by far the weirdest one I ever had to play on.
I've never seen people just quit in the middle of a game because they got so sick of trying to read the screen.
I usually like to get my whole money's worth when I play 2DX, and I did walk away from the machine when I was there last November.
It was the only machine that I ever had such a bad case of vertigo playing, because the
sides of the screen were burned out in a circle, I thought I had tunnel vision the whole time.
Now does any 2DX machine in the U.S. have working videos, or is this the first time
a lot of us get to see these videos unless we downloaded them online somewhere?
For 6 style, the only time I ever saw working videos was temporarily they did work at AI,
but anywhere else I did not see them going.
Interesting.
Any other cool videos you want to point out that people should check out if they get to
play this?
On 6 style?
Well, seeing as how I've only ever played it here at Iguana Girl's house.
I like, I think it's one of the Eurobeat ones.
Linus.
Mel B says Linus.
One of the Eurobeat ones had the bunny from Keyboard Baby.
Pada Pada Pada.
I remember playing it and absolutely failing it on 7 key.
And then stopping right in the middle of playing, look over, oh my god, is that the rabbit?
Just like that. And it distracted me worse than the evil Satan fetus from 2.50 BPM.
G2 also has a really awesome video, too.
That video scares me. It's got, like, trans-circa aliens or something. It's weird stuff. You
expect to see her floating in a glass jar or something. It's pretty scary.
I have to say, as always, the Orange Lounge videos are the best.
I agree. Now, did you notice for about a half second in the Wow Wow 70s video, there's a
There's a shot of the two girls from the MobaMoga video with afros.
The only thing that really distracted me was the building with the fro, which, by the way,
is going to be replacing my Pocari sweat icon on my live channel.
Right on.
Now, Bradley, you're a big 2DX fan, you got any videos that people should be checking
out?
Not so far.
I've been playing too much to actually watch the videos yet.
Sounds good.
Yes, I'd actually just like to sit on my computer monitor and just sit in the background and
just watch it's the one for colors honestly because it's just so pretty and
trancy and it's colorful it makes me happy it makes me the color of blue and
and oh I was a fool to let you walk away another neat thing about six hours has
new movie mode or movie clip mode where you can watch the videos fullscreen it's
nice you put on autoplay and then just watch the video screen with no notes or
anything that's pretty awesome and a good idea and if anyone has it you can
You can set up a chorus and make it autoplay and it just goes through all the videos.
Just watch like 10 videos in a row if you want to.
videos of like the guys playing all the stuff one-handed, it's got to be the most demoralizing
bit of footage you can ever watch for 2DX.
Those videos just scream, Americans suck at 2DX.
For the people who don't know what Tetujin means, it means Iron Man.
It's named that for a reason.
You know, those are some absolutely fantastic players.
It's like, is that trying to spin off on Iron Chef, like Iron 2DX?
and i don't know it's like you know
like taken for two d x
you know the king of iron fingering
the world
never mind i said that there are that part of adult content
uh...
i was referring to this and it's a completely innocent manner
you pervert
i think we know what our last week on orange lounge clip will be
okay you can buy it
I'm gonna go sit back in my chair the rest of the night and let people deliver me donuts and vanilla coke.
Look at this setup we have here. Jamie's kind of sitting in her throne here, the big blue chair.
I'm a goddess, of course.
The rest of us are all sitting on the floor around her.
Hey, I offered the chair.
The chair is mine, too.
The chair is rightfully yours.
I am the Vicodin goddess.
The Vicodin goddess?
Of course.
And what makes you the Vicodin goddess?
Because I'm well medicated.
I have to medicate myself to do the show.
Are you under sedation?
Haha, haha, haha, give me that.
SoCalKicks is saying, let us remind you, were you moist yesterday, or last week?
Dude, you still haven't sent me my proof that you passed my edit. No GameCube pens for you.
Nice question, Dodge, there.
When you send me the proof that you have passed my edit with a 90% perfect attack and full combo,
you know, then I will be nice to you and send you your GameCube pen, maybe if you retract
your question.
Maybe.
We'll see.
We'll see if anybody else can respond to that.
In the meantime, let's break from six style chatter for a minute and let's let Matt, also
known as Loki, give us an update on what's going on in the simulation scene, because
there's a lot of news this week.
Last week he drowned his sims to the pool.
Yes, actually I do that very often, it's just very fun to kill them off.
Have an update, SoCalCakes has retracted the question.
Okay, you can have your pen semi-proof.
Okay, in the sim world, boards are still down, we still have Team Guilo down, we still have the melting pot down, and also the actual DWI official board down, but there's a bunch of mirrors out there.
Really no updates as far as programs go. There was a small update to Dance with Intensity 2.0. It's now 2.0003, which I haven't really seen any changes. The video still doesn't work in the background for me, so that kind of sucks. I'm very disappointed.
it. One major news thing is actually going to be with DDR East Coast Invasion or their
website, ddreei.com. They're having their second DDR. It's a DWI Turning Mix 2. It's
going to be running for the whole month of August. And there's actually a few different
things you can enter in. They're going to have a light, standard and heavy entries you
Light is for people that are just getting into making DWIs. Standard is, you know, basic, you know, anyone that's kind of seasoned doing DWIs.
And then Heavy is just for the elite, which I'll be entering in, because, you know.
No one has the ego here.
I have an ego, but yes, I will be entering in this time.
Also, they're going to be having a light doubles, which I guess they're going to be doubles edits, which I'll most definitely do also.
But that's going to be going on for the month of August, so hopefully we'll see a lot of good stuff come out of that one.
You doubles know.
I'm actually thinking about entering one of these edit contests just because I'm pretty bored.
So, I mean, hell, we got this show off the ground. What's that say about free time?
No life plus no talent gets you a talk show.
And I did rip that line from Space Coast Coast to Coast, thank you.
It's being said in the chat room, Pyroman is saying,
hey, rumor here that StepMania Beta 5
out very soon, possibly tomorrow.
Have you heard anything about that?
No, I haven't, but hopefully it'll work a little better this time.
See, the only thing that I like about StepMania is it's got a lot of
nifty, shiny stuff in it. You know, they have the new features as far as like
modifiers you can do to songs, but
The thing I really hate about it is, because I have a huge song collection, it takes forever
to load the damn thing up. I can sit there for about five minutes watching the thing
scroll by because it's reading all my songs, and it just takes forever. Whereas, like,
you know, back in the days with even Delight Delight Reduplication, one of the old simulators,
what it does is it scans, you scan your music list, and it'll build a list, and then that
That way it loads instantly every time, same with DWI, same thing.
And StepMania has kind of dumbed it down where it scans your music list every time, so it
takes forever.
So if they just fix that, then maybe I might go over to StepMania, but I'm sticking with
DWI for now.
Oh, I was going to ask our guests some questions, but they ran in the other room to go play
sick style.
So that's all on the simulation front then for now?
That's it until all the boards come back up.
Hopefully they won't have any more bandwidth issues with Team Guilo, because I love reading
that board for the news, and then when that goes down, so does the melting pot and DWI.
Paul, you've been awfully quiet all night, do you have anything you want to add?
I've been out of town this week, so I'd just like to tell anyone who goes through the Santa
Cruz Boardwalk to not go to the Santa Cruz Boardwalk, because the arcading there is pretty
bad.
The only thing there for nostalgia is the BeatMania Complete Mix is kind of fun to play
They do have Percussion Freaks, but no chair, so if you want to play a Percussion Freaks
fourth mix with no chair standing up, you'll get real sore, but you'll have fun.
It's kind of a new thing.
Oh yes.
We have...
Oh?
Okay.
I just need to ask you a question about it.
Oh, a personal question, yes.
Just one moment here.
I'll let Jamie talk.
I have an announcement.
I have a doughnut.
Doughnuts are good for you.
They're full of chocolate vitamins.
Seriously.
Okay, we're going to take a quick break because everything's kind of getting distracted now
with sixth style.
It's the top of the hour anyway.
So we're going to take a quick break and we will come right back.
I have to give a few plugs before we go to break though, a few things.
SoCalKicks.com is now up and running.
So SoCalKicks, he has a cool little site there and Jamie's edits are up there, which you
can go download.
very cool, and all sorts of news and things like that, especially, as is in the name,
about SoCal. So SoCalKicks.com, you can visit that. If you haven't heard it yet, we do have
an original work by Keel in rotation this week on the website, so, I'm sorry, on the
Bimani Music & More program, so do listen in on the Bimani Music & More program, which
runs 24 hours a day on the station when we're not live, and we're starting to take some
original works and remixes of Bimani stuff. So if you have anything you want to add for
that, send it to orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com, or any comments and things you want to give
on the show, orangeloungeradioatyahoo.com.
And because I did promise, so I'd like to say hi to Ash, because you said you'd be listening
tonight.
And thank you for helping boost us listeners in your area, and hello to everybody who's
deciding to listen tonight, and we really appreciate the support.
Yes, thanks everybody for listening tonight, awesome.
And also 2dxstyle.net is up and running once again and they've got a nice little button
for us on there.
That was really awesome.
I wasn't expecting to see that so thanks to them for supporting us and we'll support you
best we can.
So do go visit their site.
They now have, they're trying to build a location page of every 2DX machine in the nation and
it is, it's fairly up to date from what I'm being told so go take a look at that if you
get a moment.
we're gonna break and we will be right back
Well I'm a chemist, I move the lab ready to explore
I drop the beat for fat rhymes like no one has before
I kicked enough to verse in my speech when I flunk
I'm not like a devil, the suction for the dope or the drugs
So he can teach a drive in the beds
I keep the low pro, making hands with my friends
Free skills, oh shit, a brother with mad spells
Don't even try to step off, my lyrics are mad foul
I'm not gonna lie, I'm just kidding.
Your hands move so fast.
I'm not gonna lie, I'm just kidding.
I'm not gonna lie, I'm just kidding.
Well I'm a chemist, I move the lab ready to explore
I drop the fuck off at rhymes like no one has before
I kick the knelt at verbs in my speech when I flow
I'm not like a devil, that sucks you for the dough of the drugs
So he can teach a drive in the base
I keep the low pro, makin' ends with my friends
Free skills, oh shit, a brother with mad styles
Don't even try to step on my lyrics, I'm mad foul
Your hands move so fast.
Crazy hardcore, way to touch your jazz Microphone chemistry that bust your ass
V5, oh fuck, I'll know you better run This with the ones that's hot and locked, and you're fuckin' done
Preach the master maniac menace Put your hands up, I wanna sing that ass to the dentist
A record raffle, I can call a crash
What gun is that? That's mass
They'll be six feet under grass
That's the way it is
Oh Lord
That's the way it is
Oh Lord
Hold on
Here's one of the songs that they skipped over for Para Para Paradise that was from
This is Dave Rogers running in the 90's.
I'm walking in the streets, new desire
Take me higher, lift me higher with your speed
I need fire
Get the satellite if you wanna see me
Don't leave me on the net, I'm on my way
You like to get your credit cards cause I need no money
All I wanna get is you baby
Running in the 90's is the new way you like to be
I'm just runnin' in the 90's Come on baby run with me
We are runnin' in the 90's It's a new way to set me free
I'm just running in the 90's
Yes, I wanna know
Yes, I wanna see
Side of the token
Send the success on the line
New things higher
Take me higher
Push me higher with your mind
Set me on fire
Get the satellite if you wanna see me
Don't even know the net, I'm on the way
You like to get your credit card
Cause I need no money
All I wanna get is you baby
Running in the 90's
Is a new way you like to be
I'm just running in the 90's
Come on baby run with me
We are running in the 90's
Is a new way to set me free I'm just running in the light
Yes, I wanna know Yes, I wanna see
Running in the 90's Is a new way you're liking me
I'm just running in the 90's Come baby run to me
We are running in the 90's Is a new way to set me free
I'm just runnin' in like this
Yes, I wanna know
Yes, I wanna see
Pick me higher
Look me higher
With your speed
I'm in fire, yet I've got a life
Talking on the set
Get your credit card
All I want again
Running in my den
Running in my den
Running in the light dead
Running in the light, dance
Music
Music
to the Orange Lounge Radio.
We keep being prong boys.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio live.
Yes we are.
Gosh, I'm just not being friendly with Winamp tonight are we?
I think I'm going to shoot this thing in the head.
It's helped mesmerized by our sponsor, The Swedish Chef.
You know what?
I just threw a fish at him and Rob went crazy.
I think Winamp's mad at me because when I logged in today it said,
I said, upgrade me.
And I said, no, I need to have a show to do.
Mine tells me that every day.
I think it's protesting.
I think it wants to disown me.
I want to say a big hello to everybody in the chat room
right now over on IRC.eggheads.org.
Or if you just download M-I-R-C, you're
just going to want to connect to any other side IRC server.
And we're in Channel Orange Lounge.
We're joined tonight by some special guests.
We've got a whole bunch of our regulars here.
And also from out of town, we've got Mel B and Melody.
So, everybody's kind of running in and out though, playing sick style as well.
Kind of seeing what's going on there.
I don't know, what do you want to talk about now, Jamie?
I'm kind of running out of things to discuss.
Well, we're thinking of having a new segment, you know, to sort of, again, focus on the
and more part of our radio show.
Yes.
The weekly anime review, which, you know, I think I'm going to review something pretty
old school that Mel brought up earlier today.
review of Lupin the Third, more DDR2, Castle of Cagliostro, one of the best anime ever.
I see people who are going off on, oh Hellsing is cool, which it is.
I saw Hellsing for the first time last night.
Hellsing owns, but we're reviewing old stuff.
This is also another reference to old school gamers here, who happens to remember the game
cliffhanger that sort of played like Dragon's Lair and Dragon's Lair II and that other sort
of weird game that featured the cowboy.
I don't remember that game offhand, but it was time something.
Anyway, the whole thing with Castle of Cagliostro is I don't know how many people have actually
watched the Lupin TV series, which was really awesome.
So basically, it features him going after a crime syndicate that's been responsible
for the counterfeiting for centuries even, funding wars and going after, but there's
also a little mystery and a little bit of romance attached to that.
It's definitely something that if you rent it once, you'll definitely want to buy it
and certainly for people who love old school anime.
And it's Miyazaki, right?
right yes it was directed by Miyazaki and you know Miyazaki for for people
who you know don't know him by name is the man behind studio Ghibli so as in
Princess Mononoke, Laputa, Nausicaa that's another one too oh yeah and even
before that that that was monkey punch right yes monkey punch is responsible
for Lupin. Yeah, that was before he went to the studio to give the... No, no, no. Monkey
Punch is the one who did the Lupin comics, who created the character, and also of course
was responsible for the early animation. Castle Cagliostro was actually directed by Miyazaki.
Oh, okay. Woot woot. So, yes, you know, more of my useless anime trivia. Hey, it's cool.
Well, let's talk about one of my mutant powers. We were talking about a few weeks ago on the
show. Actually, I think it was one of the shows you were in here, though. We were talking
about DDR and anime, what's the correlation? Actually, no, I think it was your first show
back we started talking about this. What is the connection? It seems like a lot of, besides
the obvious, they're both from Japan reference, you know, what is there, why does there seem
to be this connection between anime and DDR? Well, you know, I've often thought that, and
you don't necessarily have to be into one to be in the other, but I've noticed that
a lot of people are into both, you know. Can you say otaku? Otaku. Thank you. And for
For the people who actually really don't know what that means, it's someone who actually
sits at home and doesn't go anywhere.
That is the literal reference.
Otaku means home.
Yes, otaku means home.
For people who really misuse the word otaku, it actually is, in slang terms, it means somebody
who stays in their house all day and never goes out, just sits with their anime.
I know people like that.
For those that are in the chat room right now, I have to point out that Kiehl posted
a very funny picture, it kind of reminded me of the movie Office Space, where he's beaten
the crap out of his old Macintosh here with a hammer, it's like.2 seconds before impact
here.
Melody seems to be sad here as the Mac fan, uh oh, uh oh.
I'm the only Macintosh user and I must say that shocks and saddens me.
There you go.
I remember being 11 or 12 and doing tech support for my school on those old Apples.
Oh, it is a pic.
Oh, it's moving.
It kind of looked like a hammer at first glance and far away.
It looks like the pic is already through the monitor there on the screen.
My bad.
And now, a moment of silence to mourn the loss of one more Macintosh.
Three, three, three, oh, snap.
Oh, poor Melody.
Oh, I promised Irene she could get a second here to share a thought, so now I'd like to
do a segment called Irene's Thought of the Day.
So here we go.
Deep thoughts by Irene.
Here comes Irene.
Here she is.
I thought you were going to do this, I guess I did it.
Oh, I was just going to let everyone know that procrastination is like masturbation.
You know, it feels good until you realize that you've fucked yourself.
That was deep. That was very deep.
Thank you, thank you so much for that. And remember, wash your hands.
I know it's a little late. I know it's a little late, Irene, but...
You got some ha-has from the chatroom, though. She says thank you, chatroom.
That was actually, though, a very interesting point.
That is actually very true.
Well thank you, yes it is.
As Rob stares at me, and blinks at me.
Are we just going to talk about masturbation the rest of the show then, or what's the deal?
Masturbation makes coordination.
Oh, we're losing listeners!
Dear God, no!
Bahmani!
Bahmani!
No, no, don't you notice that sex brings you in listeners, you know, spank, spank, spank,
whatever.
Irene, want to tell us some more about masturbation?
What do you want to know about masturbation?
Well I think masturbation, the definition of masturbation is pleasing yourself sexually.
And I think guys do it more.
I don't know. I don't watch people do it, but I think they do it more
It's it's kind of like gin rummy. It's like you don't need a partner if you got a good hand. Yes
Exactly. Oh god. Are we gonna make a bunch of like obscure quotes now or something sexual quotes now, dude
I need good sound bites for the show. So just keep this keep this bit going
I don't got there nothing else DDR to the egg, whatever talk about
You know, it can be done with things that you find at the grocery store, too.
Pork fat.
I heard Crisco from somebody once.
Chicken burrito.
For a girl?
No!
From one of my ex-boyfriends.
No, I mean, like, the stuff you can use, a girl can use this stuff.
I don't think a girl really needs to use anything, do they?
Your mama.
I know you didn't talk about my moment, now I'm gonna get it.
Okay, and now that we've completely crashed timber...
Here you go, Rob.
And of course, Rob has replaced the sexy planet.
Gee, wow, that poor Mac died.
And how about them coal miners? They're all happy.
Let me run to the list here. Oh yes, let's talk about music.
Music that we...
I need music.
Besides the B-Mani series, what is some music that you all like to listen to?
No, I got criticized last week for not talking like the announcer, going,
B-Mani! It's Konami's famous B-Mani series!
Well, you know, the announcer is wrong, too.
You know the announcer is wrong, too.
It's B-Mani.
Also, the announcer in Max 2 doesn't speak Japanese very well, but still.
Anyway, alright music, so I'll tell you what, let's run it around, what's everybody listening
to this week?
You know, when I was driving home from San Francisco today, I listened to a new radio
station over there, 92.7, which is just dance music all day, and I'm having this, like,
I'm liking a lot of new trance music lately, like that Heaven song that they play on the
radio all the freaking time, and these other songs, I'm liking that right now.
I know it's played out, but I like it.
Yeah, it was pretty cool.
I was also listening to the 92-7, the dance, coming back from San Francisco today.
Good stuff.
I like it.
And I just fell asleep.
Some good shit, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Some good shit.
How about our guests?
What are you kids listening to?
And also, I should ask you guys this, because you weren't here for this show.
What songs do you think should be in a... Thank you, Dave.
What songs do you think should be in a Bomani game that aren't?
Well, as for what I'm listening to, it's rather eclectic.
Normally, one of the things I've been digging a lot lately is a new Red Hot Chili Peppers CD.
That's a really good CD. I think I just turn on By The Way and listen to that track over and over again.
I don't even know how many times, but it's really mellow, but it's quite good.
Most of the time I'm driving all that mellow throw on whatever CD he wants.
It's just kind of whatever he chooses.
I guess for my musical taste, it's sort of run around.
Actually, I guess my first love always will be sort of like the 80s British invasion new
wave movement.
I was one of those kids born on MTV.
My cousin had Betamax and taped MTV three hours a day, bring it over, and I was sucked
in.
It's that, and my second love will probably have to be the 90s new jack swing movement.
Everyone loves cross colors and hats worn backwards with their tags still in them and hammer pants and BBD and all that good shmaz
I guess that just really says I really don't really dig much of today's music, which is not to say there isn't good ones
But back then, it's not just the fact that music was good, but I guess it's just all the memories that come along with it
That's one of the big things about music, it's not just that it sounds good but you can feel it and you can relate it to things in your life
Or you can feel emotions, that's kind of how I see music
You're here. I agree. Did you make a beta reference in there? A beta reference?
Oh, yeah. A beta, Max. And, you know, if you owned a beta, you were to mass the beta.
Oh!
I just want to tie our conversations into a loop.
I was going back to my playlist, and I found Mr. E's Beautiful Blues, which is on Road Trip,
which you may have seen by the eels, though. And I found a lot of songs I liked by them,
So I actually got all four of their CDs and listened to a lot of that.
And I went to the They Might Be Giants concert.
I had their latest CD, No, and I've gotten two more.
Now actually in the chat room, one of our chatters right now, Three Feet Elite, also
went to the They Might Be Giants concert.
So he was actually brought that up as well.
Great concert.
It was a lot of fun.
They rocked out on a lot of songs I didn't expect and it was really a new experience.
This is the second one I've been to, besides Red Hot Chili Peppers, it was a lot of fun.
What was their best song they performed?
Robot Parade.
You've heard Robot Parade, sort of mellowed out.
They actually rocked out on that a lot.
There's one called On the Drags, which is a Rarities album I got from them.
Just sort of normal rock that they did really well.
It's a lot of fun.
Cool.
So, anyone else have any other songs they're listening to or any music in particular?
I'm listening to a full spectrum of stuff.
I've been listening to this George Acosta CD I had and just some trance music and stuff.
And I'm also listening to KMFDM.
Ah, cool.
Attack.
Well, you know, back when I was working at an industrial station, I was working at KSJS
for San Jose State, and one of our favorite jokes running around was KMFDM stood for Kill
Motherfucking Depeche Mode.
For the people who can't hear what's going on away from the microphone, I'm sure for
For people who have been reading the, what are you listening to now, thread on, who have
talked to me since I came back from Anime Expo, know that I've really gotten heavily
back into J-Rock, listening to Pero, to Malice Miser, but my favorite band, and I'm still
upset to this day they disbanded, is Lunacy.
I know a few weeks ago, my pick of the song on there was Crazy About You.
If I had to pick one now, I'd be listening to Rossier 50 times a day.
My whole big thing with J-Rock lately has been it's got the same feel that a lot of
the good 80s rock had, and they've really gone overboard with the glam if you're into
the visual K. For all the J-Rock fans out there, there's a lot of us now.
Okay, I was being told by the chat room, I was given this link and said, don't click
this link.
What did they say, if you've been eating?
If you've been eating. Okay, here we go. Let's see. Let's see what this takes us to
That's horrible, but this is a family show I
Do not think I'll be eating a cherry muffin anytime soon
That was worse than goat see
That was worse
There are a few things that I could consider worse than that.
WHY?
WHY?
Why did you do that?
I think my eyes are bleeding.
Okay, let's explain for those listeners out there what we just saw.
I'm picturing a-
Do you want to try to explain that?
Really?
You really want to try and explain that?
Brad, explain.
Okay.
Okay.
I'm picturing a five-year-old kid crossing a street covered in broken glass and like
ten, like, UPS vans hit him all at once and they poured popcorn on him or something and
some cherry syrup. It was pretty bad. Hi. Is that good enough visual? No, no, Dave is
asking us to look at this again. I guess I know when to go to the bathroom now. Good
timing there. Yay, yay, pictures. Yeah, I don't think we're going to. No. Go say what's
bad now. Anyway, moving right along. How about some show news? Show news. Some Orange Lounge
show news. Next week on the show, as if we're starting to get guests here. They love us.
We're joined by Mel B and Melody this week.
Are you guys having a good time?
I hope you're having a good time.
Oh, man, we're just kicking it.
It's great.
That's what we do here.
We just kind of sit around and talk.
Just lounging in the orange lounge.
We're just chilling.
Next week, we're going to have some special guests, but I'm not allowed to tell you who
they are.
You can go ahead and say who.
I can?
Well, if they tell me I can, then I will, but I can tell you this much, there's some
more Bay Area friends of ours that are going to be coming to visit, and there's two of
them.
We'll tell you that much, and if they want to reveal themselves,
then we'll tell you all.
And we're very happy to have them here.
Well, when we do.
Oh, we'll tell you guys during the break.
Yeah, if you were here, part of our live studio audience,
you will know.
The live experience is truly something
that people can live with.
Because it's the only way you're going to get all the inside jokes, really.
I think one day we're going to, well, I already
said you know I've got the kit to go out to tournaments and I was actually gonna
do this CVGL but unfortunately some personal life things got in the way and
I wasn't able to I wasn't able to cover the tournament I wasn't able to cover
the tournament so later we'll be going out Jamie and I will we go out to places
we'll take the live remote with us and random people but hopefully one day we're
gonna broadcast this show live from somewhere else like a tournament or
something will be in the that will be in the bathroom it's biggle yeah right
coming to you live from the bathroom at AI you know just make sure that you
don't you know eat in the snack bar before that you'll be fine so so I think
now's a good break time how's that sound we'll take one more break break stuff
then we'll come back we got about a half hour show up so take another quick break
come back, wrap up the show, and put the nail in the coffin of this week's Orange
Lounge. And let's see, what did I promise the chatroom, or what I promised
the chatroom I'd play for him. You promised long train running for our chatroom. I promised long train running, didn't I? Okay, we're
We're going to start it off with some long train running here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Where would you be when you're deaf? Have a lyrical master scream
If you wanna go faster, taking a train to the next station
On the dance floor, rocking the nature
The sound is coming out now, it's a day change
Play your song loud, dance it, make your body rock
Long train running and it won't stop
Like a fister, I keep on churning Like a fire, I keep on burning
Dance around in a place Cause I'm a DJ right to play
But I got those evil feelings That I will go round and round
And I still will go going on hard But I'm bound for the end of it
But I am, what is your plan?
Well, we can be right now Well, we can be right now
Remember
And here we go!
The moon is quiet, the day that's almost gone
It seems that something hurts me now
When you're up to sleep
The thing that never stops
And you don't have to care to go
When I think of you
When I think of every other ghost of mine
The one that you're looking for
Just when I thought I could not be stopped So when the chance came to begin
You are a ghost of my life, the one that I'm always really in
Oh, crap, we went into dead air there for a minute.
My bad.
We're sorry.
I'm going...
Geez, tonight's just the night of Rob messing everything up, isn't it?
Technical poopy.
It's okay, Rob, we still love you.
I'm just gonna guess where we were in the song.
Irene said, who's we?
I'm the one, I'm the one, I'm the one who's holding me
I must know who you are
I'm a social, I'm inside the light
I'm the most I need, woman
It's been a long time coming in
When the break of every door
Is a ghost of mine
And I'm not looking for a home
I could not be a star this way, I can't be true
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh
After listening to three hours of them, you'll want to ski into a tree head first.
Under Sedation Live with Travis, Ron, and Jessica. Saturdays, 630 p.m. to 930 p.m.
Pacific Standard Time at undersedationlive.org
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio
Because Bongo demands it
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio. It's the night of a million fuck-ups here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I think it's because we have guests here tonight, so it's just like, you know, everything's gonna break down, you know, while we've got people from out of town watching, you know.
But we're very glad to have them here.
The other people here, they've been watching us fuck up week in and week out, so...
Oh! We got somebody else. Devin, come here for a minute.
Welcome to our...
One of my roommate's friends apparently just got back.
What do you think of this whole thing?
You don't even...
You know what Dance Dance Revolution is, correct?
Yes, I've played a couple times.
You have no freaking clue why people get obsessed with it, right?
No.
So, knowing that you've got tons of Bomani freaks and addicts listening right now, what
do you have to say about Bomani?
What do you think about it?
What the hell is it?
All the DDRs, all the Dance Dance Revolution and Button Map pounding games.
You guys are just a bunch of freaks.
Thank you!
Yes, thank you very much.
All right.
Get out of here.
Get lost.
I don't want to see you.
All right.
Anyway.
Meanwhile.
He just doesn't know.
He's not in the know.
Okay.
I was told over the break that I am allowed to announce our guests that are coming next
week.
German, please.
Our guest next week will be Jazz and DDR Mike.
We'll be here in the house next week.
Yay!
DDR Mike is, I don't know, he's DDR Mike.
He plays in Concord.
Concord.
Yes, yes.
They're both Concord people.
Yes.
We have more Step Squad people.
You know, more Step Squad hang out with me.
Yay.
All right.
Woo!
So they'll be here next week.
I won't be alone anymore.
They'll get to plug whatever they want and talk about whatever, so, because we let our
guests plug things.
Does anybody else want to plug something in the house?
got gay. We have a request for a toaster and a personal
massage. Back to DDR talk, Matt wanted to talk about
his latest conquest in the DDR world, so let's talk about that.
Well, right now what I've been trying to do, because, you know, I'm really big into the
editing and the edit hacking, two things that are on the list, one probably before the other.
First one is going to be getting 30-second steps in DDR. I'm pretty close to doing it,
just have to actually test the file first. And the second one will be making Max 2 exclusive
songs, finding the machine ID for that. So that's another thing that's on my list. I
was hoping to have the 30-second steps done by today, but I fell behind, so maybe next
week that is all well well and also speaking of edits I would like to go
ahead and make sure that people don't forget the challenge although you know
soca Hicks can ever send me you know visual proof that he's passed you know
my challenge for look to the sky you know he'll be getting his GameCube pin
but I'll go ahead and repeat that one for anyone who can full combo with a 90%
perfect attack on my look to the sky at it it's called freefall you get a nice
lovely little GameCube pin. First person who sends me proof gets it. And then
there's the one for my DXY edit another, which basically is really evil. In one
second place, in that lovely hell edit contest that Matt had, you will be taken
out to dinner. So the one for that is if you full combo it or 90% perfect attack
it, you know, either or I will take you out to a nice dinner, you know, with
a decent limit on on what you can get will it be a candlelight dinner oh baby
you get smoothed there's gonna be wine and cheese and corn there will be bread
also and cloth napkins oh yeah all right now you know I'm referring to you know
I'm not gonna take you out to like a four-star restaurant you know but maybe
I'll take you out to sushi, or maybe out back if you're lucky.
Of course I won't be touching the meat.
Anyone who can full combo it or get a 90% perfect attack on my another edit will get
a nice meal for me.
Oh, you guys are going to love it when I find 30 second notes.
I've been playing, actually, the edit I made today that was Gun Test, but it got cut off.
Because at the very end, all eight arrows come down at the same time, or relatively
close to the same time.
It's funny just to watch.
That's when you have a seizure on the pad, you know.
Of course, you know, the involuntary bowel movements are prohibited.
So, and also, I am going to be, now that I have Max at home, I am going to be working
on my other, my next hell edit, probably to Waka-Laka, because, you know, I want to do
just this insanely evil. Wait, how can you do a Waka Waka edit with Max 1? Oh, it wasn't
in there. You mean Blonde Girl? Okay, well forget it. I'm gonna, I wanna pick a super
cute happy song and then do something evil to it. So, hey, if any, okay, if anybody wants
me to make a hell edit and name it after them, pick me a song and I will make you an edit
to it. This is what happened when Jamie realized that Waka Waka was not in DDR Max 1. Oh my
I can't believe it.
You want me to kick you?
Everything's ruined.
You want me to kick you?
Somebody give me something.
Where's the Clifford ball?
The Clifford ball's in the studio, in the other studio.
We're in the big studio tonight.
The Clifford ball's in the little studio.
You know, I bought this Clifford ball two weeks ago to throw it at Rob, and I haven't
done it yet.
It, like, lives here now, so.
Mwahaha.
So.
But, you know.
I can just play random sound effects the rest of the show.
But you know everybody who at least you know posts on the SACBEN money forums know that
Rob is our big gay chilli.
When you a boy, I think you look like a chilli.
Anyway enough with the sound effects.
I'm not allowed to have fun here.
We are a serious talk show.
What other oh let's talk about let's talk about the future future thing.
What other tournaments are you going to be attending in the future?
That's actually triple threat is the one I'll be going to next because that's on August 1st and 2nd over at Sunnyvale
Golfland check that out. I believe you have DDR spots going to be blowing up the spot with that one
Okay, I have to ask though Thursday and Friday. What's up with that?
Well, let's see
Well, the main thing about trying to schedule turn me on Saturday and Sunday
Well, a lot of people forget is Golfland is like all about the birthday parties and all those kind of things and you know
That's a first priority. Thursday and Friday night, I mean, it's summertime. Most people that, you know, get off work around five or so, and it just kind of works. It's the best thing we can do for now.
Are they going to be doing it at night, or...?
As far as I know, yeah. Like, late afternoon into the night.
I kind of want to go, but unfortunately I've got to work, and when you add a drive on top of that, it's not going to be very much fun for me to get out there, so...
But I wish you guys the best of luck. It does sound like an awesome tournament. Very innovative new stuff that you guys are going to be doing there.
Thank you. Hope it does go well, but that's part of thing about like determined stats bottom especially Mike no runs
It's gone to a point where we kind of seen. Okay, everyone's skill and all that but there's only so much it's like
Really to the casual player or like even observer a PA tournament is like watching grass grow
I mean, it's like golf pre Tiger Woods. You had no interest in it and it was boring
So now we're just trying to you know
Mesh it in a few things like the one thing that we had was the wrestling theme this time around so it's like we have
We have the Survivor Series where teams of four go against each other in PA tourneys.
Do you think people would go to just a freestyle only tournament, though?
Oh, absolutely. Freestyle to me, to make an analogy, it's like the NBA slam dunk contest.
It's not something that has to go hand in hand. You've got to have your PA and your freestyle.
It's cool to have them. Because even at the PA only tournaments, it seems like there's always a little freestyle on the side.
Oh, yeah. Well, freestyle...
It's like you get a free cup of freestyle.
exactly it's just the hint of you know just like in some freestyle term and
some people who PA think they're PAing is looks good and what are some things
in freestyle that piss you off or make you upset Oh melody sitting you have
something you want to say that would be the hand slaps and the knee drops I
don't know it's gone to the point where actually I've gone through quite a few
attorneys where I haven't seen that many hand slaps or knee drops I kind of missed
them.
Does that mean we'll see them in your next routine?
I don't know.
If I get dared to do it, I will do it.
Maybe I'll have to dare.
Okay.
I dare you on this show right here.
Next routine.
Hand slaps and knee drops.
Not only.
Not only.
As you're finished.
As you're finished.
Alright.
Just so we got a few witnesses in here.
In the last ten seconds.
Alright.
Handshake deal.
There will be hand slaps and knee drops in my next routine.
Now this is a great deal because I don't have to do a damn thing.
I just get to point at them and make fun of them.
Yeah, seriously, I guess the things that make me mad about freestyle, it's not so much.
There's really nothing
that makes me mad. Just the only thing I get in order for people who really don't put in effort to, like,
entertain the crowd. The only good thing about that is that they've
made the pot fatter for the winter, but past that, it's
a waste of time really for judges and
for other people.
I mean, I guess if they get a cheap throw out of it and they paid their money,
I suppose it's all good to pass that.
What would you rather see, you know,
something that's really good improv or something that's been taken
time to choreograph?
I think choreography definitely because not only does it show skill but it also shows
like preparation. It shows that
no, instead of coming up with something else, it comes in with a thought and of course you go
through all the goods and bads. It's like a polished product.
Improv, some people can make it look good, you know, it's not easy but at the same time
in improv you pretty much have your bread and butter, you have one style and you stick with it
whereas in a choreograph
you can kind of integrate all sorts of little things into one big extravaganza
now in the chat room they said okay dare him to do slaps and knee drops
on dynamite rave and I said okay no we gotta draw the line somewhere it's a
little much
I mean at least doing the hand drops and knee slaps whatever
I know at least let me do it to like
well what's that D2R I guess you know at least make it you know D2R
surprisingly after looking at those steps
They actually look very freestyle-able. Not that I do it, but after this bit, I guess, damned now, you know.
Well, actually, you know, speaking of songs, you know, what do you think is the best freestyle song in Max 2, as far as the new stuff?
Secret Rendezvous.
I would definitely put that up.
Because it's slow enough that you can put an extra beat in between all the notes, and so you can do more stuff.
What would you think?
Well, I think Secret Rendezvous actually on double Facebook is like double light is probably the best thing because especially for some people who play Pump It Up a lot, there's a lot of, it has sort of a five arrow thing where it's like the two middle and then you have like the ups and downs.
So there are some people who if they rock at Pump It Up, they could like totally tear that up. I guess a new song, actually Spin the Disc is still my favorite.
Before I had a tasteless 8-ball joke when you're talking about wasting time for judges, but you know, I came all the way from San Francisco for this. It's turning into one. You know, time has passed, so I'll just hand the mic back to Jamie.
I may not be laughing on the outside, but inside I know I'm just doing cartwheels over that one.
I'm being suggested by the chatroom that A Minute is also a good freestyle song.
They're saying that Secret Rendezvous is a song about lesbians.
Didn't we talk about that on the show a few weeks ago?
It is a lesbian song. We have the Brad Rant.
Here comes Brad with his Secret Rendezvous Rant.
okay i'm sure we'd all like to think it's about lesbians but it does say in the song
he is mine or something like that unless it's a dyke a bull dyke then okay i guess
no but it's transsexual see uh secret rendezvous it doesn't like take away the coolness of
freestyle by having it about lesbians makes it even cooler and so fabulous so fierce
This is also another good song for freestyle.
I think that just really goes to show how really important it is to have great commercial
songs in the DDR, any kind of like the Monty game.
It's those songs that you're kind of familiar with, like A Minute or, you know, so fast.
It's like songs from the 70s, a lot of us who grew up in that era or were kids and reminisced
on that song.
That's why I think commercial songs, especially if America got with it, although we've heard
from the DDR Max from E3 for America.
There's going to be commercial songs on there as well,
instead of economics, which was a great mix, by the way,
but all Konami originals.
This one's going to be new.
It's going to have some new stuff that's
never been anywhere else.
I think KOA might be catching up to go off topic a little.
You think it's going to go the way of Euromechs, though?
Because I noticed there was a new little deal there
where they signed, they had some Zomba Records stuff.
So does that mean we're going to get Britney in USDDR?
Because Britney was on Zomba.
They already have the Britney's Dance Mix.
I don't think that they need to integrate it.
And I just want to say for a record,
Britney's Dance Beat is a hard freaking game.
No, that is a ridiculously easy game.
It's like the hardest song probably
has the equivalent difficulty of maybe a three-footer.
I want to know why you two have been playing this game.
Dude, I got games.
Shoot yourselves now.
Go to hell.
Oh my god.
Games Freedom Pass from Blockbuster.
And then I had to get it because, you know, it's ridiculously stupid.
That's right, Brad. Brittany is easy to find for all you haters out there, Brad.
How can you live with yourself? I mean, you have to go up to the cash register and say,
I want to rent Brittany's dance whatever the fuck that was.
Actually, I played it at E3 when they were demoing it, and the funny thing was, it's like,
they had a challenge. You win a dance pad if you get the highest score.
Not only did I get the highest score, I beat the freaking guys who were demoing the game.
So, I thought that was just comedy in itself.
The only thing that would make me even want to get that game is my absolute love for the
first two Bust-A-Move games.
In fact, well, I haven't necessarily played Dance Summit, but, you know, it is not Bust-A-Groove,
it is Bust-A-Move, goddammit.
Okay, there's Spike You in the Week number three.
I know, but this was from something last night.
I was wearing my Bust-A-Groove shirt, and somebody in Jomadu said, is that from Bust-A-Groove?
Oh, I love that game.
And I was like, yeah?
Yeah, and I called her a dork and she got all upset.
No, um...
Oh, the only reason that I would buy the Britney's dance beat is so I could watch Britney Spears in skimpy outfits without having to watch it on MTV.
It's animated, Dave.
Dude, it's animated video.
Just download porn, Dave. Get on the net and download porn.
Hey, I do.
Alright, thank you.
Maybe we should get, you know, get someone to hook you up with a copy of, you know, Final
Fuck X or something.
Well, you know, is she...
What the...
Let's hear it for the...
Your HP tastes so good.
Yeah.
HP got lazy.
Well, you know, she was flipping off a lot of her fans in Mexico and stuff, and if she
just keeps doing that and she loses popularity, maybe she'll turn the porn.
There you go.
First of all, if she fell off the face of the planet and went the way of Mariah Carey,
I'd be happy.
Ryan Carey is still around, supposedly.
I mean, nobody seems to care, but she is still around.
She went into a cuckoo bin for a few months.
I know, but see, the fact is, no one cares.
Anyways, as I was going to say about 10 or 15 comments ago,
DDR Max USA is supposed to have 20 licensed songs.
And I'd like to actually see a lot of the songs from Beat Mania
get ported over to it, because there's a lot of good songs
that they just don't use anymore.
Really sad.
I was always surprised that Total Recall never made it into DDR.
Well, one of the ones I got actually recently for my sim was the Mjolnir Solid theme.
And I have that for, and I'm also very pleased to see that someone made double steps for it,
so I can't wait to play that one when I get my pads working again.
But yeah, definitely want to see some stuff, more stuff ported from BeatMania over.
So I'm pretty excited to see what they're going to have.
I know one of them for sure is Overblast, because actually when I saw the trailer for Max for USA, that was the team music they were using, and Jason Deenose, who we all know is in front of the match here on DDR, had told me I was going to use that.
I also want to see Hellscraper.
Hellscraper, whatever!
Why I use that, just play Mr. Bassman on the Disney Mix, man. It's fast enough and doggone it.
That song sucks!
Hey, let's not call names, people names here, dickhead.
Um, no, the Hellscaper...
Ducking Hardcore Max?
Dude, I don't really like Hellscaper that much, I mean, I don't know why...
Oh, Dave, did you play the, um, the simulator he had for the steps for it?
Yes, I did.
It was good, man, come on.
I'd rather play V for the simulator something.
Tank, that song rocked.
I haven't played that one.
I'm still voting for Total Recall.
I'd like to throw in my vote for Baby Bae Gimme Your Love 2001, the remix that they have on BeatMania 7's mix. That is the most awesomest freaking thing ever.
And for the people who, you know, you might get a taste of Total Recall at the minute.
But, you know, I think that there are so many good songs, though, that, you know, you had to imagine the staff, the people who choose the songs, the Konami of Japan, just sitting there going,
they're going, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, what do we think, what do we think, what
do we think, what do we think?
Because there's just so much good stuff.
I mean, it's really hard to narrow it down, I think.
I personally would like to see them, though, just instead of going back into their archive,
just kind of make some new stuff up.
Just let LED go to town and I'll be happy.
Let's finally attack, let them go to town, then go visit some of those, just like how
In Japan, they have the Dance Mania series, they're hooked up with Toshiba AMI, and all
that.
Why don't you let them go to town with some people that put out the compilations here,
like maybe the Ultimate Dance Party or the Trans Party compilations here, that would
be pretty cool.
I think if DDR just went off the Dance Mania Diamond Millennium, hit the compilation, all
in one mix, that one double CD, all in one mix, I think that would be the most greatest
thing in the world.
That would be.
Or, you know, like they did with Para Para, hook up with Avex, and throw some of the Avex
stuff in the DDR. The music that I've put out, you know, sponsored by Avex Tracks, was
just some absolutely awesome stuff. Now, I know this was in Disney Mix, but I'd still,
I know, just for comic value, I'd like to see Night of Fire in another DDR mix with
that guy, Bucky, in the background, as the video. Bucky? Well, you weren't here for it.
That was my VCD that I had.
Oh, that's why I was off shuffling through AX.
Oh yeah, they should show the one the turn the beat around video they did where he does
this little thing with his hands and blows this one chick's skirt up.
It was great.
Is that the guy whose theme music was Night of Fire every time he showed it?
Yes, that guy rocks.
Rob told me about this one.
Oh, he's so great.
That sounds like...
He's my idol.
You gotta have goals.
Irene's yelling in the back they should put in music from Ranma.
We wouldn't you just be happy if they had Genma come out and dance around?
Hello, I'm a panda.
Be a happy little panda.
Alright, we're getting ready to wrap up the show, so I leave Melody, Mel B, do you guys
have any final comments you'd like to leave us with?
I just wanted to thank you guys for having me on board, I thought this place was just
pretty dope.
I'd like to come in on a more regular basis actually, and for everyone else out there,
freestyling, PA-ing, whatever the hell you do, just don't give me that funk or anything
else. I don't want to catch the VD or Herpes or all that other stuff. And check out ddrspot.com,
come to Triple Thread, and if nothing else, just be true to yourself and, well, gosh,
I'm terrible at these inspirational speeches. Be excellent to each other. Party on. We're
We're always glad to have you guys on whenever you feel like coming back.
Yeah, definitely. Come back any time, you guys. You're always welcome.
Even next week, if you guys happen to come to the party Saturday...
Ooh, I didn't say that over the air, did I?
No.
My roommate's back there going,
Oh, God!
Oh, yeah, yes.
I'd like to announce that we'll be hopefully making a trip down to Pleasanton-Qsar on the 10th next week to do SAC Attack 3.
We will have Team SAC back.
take that back anyways but so we'll be down there I heard that they just got a
brand new fifth mix machine so I'll be willing to break that in and kick
anyone's ass in Q's are I will take the orange lounge remote to that location so
if you guys want to meet us there and talk to us and make a cameo on the show
that'd be great maybe we should make a mention of our exploits from the first
team sack it should be from probably about 7 p.m. to midnight we'll probably
We do like a half day pass down there on that Saturday.
So just come on down, say hi.
You'll definitely recognize us.
Oh, yes.
All right.
We'll be the ones meeting everybody.
Next week on the show, we have, don't forget,
we've got Jazz and DDR Mike are going to be joining us.
And they're some of the regulars over in Concord.
So they'll be joining us next week
to talk about Lord knows what.
But they'll be able to plug whatever they want.
I guess that's it.
Any last thoughts, Jamie?
I want another donut.
All right, good night, everybody.
Thanks for being here.
And we're going to have to do our fortune cookie message on the fly tonight, so we might
get one more fuck up before the show's over, but we're going to try it.
I don't fuck up.
What are you talking about?
Goodnight everybody.
No, not that.
It's the sound part.
You'll do just fine.
Here we go.
Let's try it.
Because I'm perfect.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts,
also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Because I'm good enough, I'm smart enough, and doggone it, no one gives a fuck.
And as a special bonus, because I was too fucking lazy to edit the sound file, last
week's fortune cookie message of the day.
Kids, that glue you use in school, it's made from dead horses.
No Wilbur, it's just a sprain.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
