You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Our live talk program begins now.
All your days are belong to us.
Orange Lounge Radio may contain sexual and adult content, and many instances of the F-word, which is not safe for children.
One, two, one, two, three, four, three, two, one.
God damn you! Stop calling here! Isn't this 4215 pussy wave?
You bitch! Now let me check that this goes 2, 1, 2, fuck you!
You have no money.
You don't.
I'd also like to add that I have my father's gun and a scorching case of purpose.
Kiss my grass, mooch.
Mecha lecha hi, mecha hidey ho.
Oh my god, I hate growing up in public.
Me too!
Uh, fucker, yeah?
I'm working on it.
Loser.
Lame!
On the front of my face.
Breathing.
Breathless.
Heaving breath.
Now you all just sit there and keep your mouth shut while I go listen to my written experience
records.
I am your singing telegram.
Somewhere inside the state of California in the great nation of the United States of America
on the planet earth, Orange Lounge Radio is now on the air.
You're tuned in to the Bomani Scene's newest and greatest radio station of all things Bomani.
My name is Rob Roberts but you might know me as Sky.
We are joined in studio once again by many, many guests.
Say hello everybody.
Hello.
I'm going to introduce everybody one by one real fast.
We got Irene.
Brad.
We have Brad.
Brad.
We have Joe.
Yeah.
We have Dave.
We have Matt.
Hello.
That's everybody.
Hi.
Alright.
We have Bradley.
Oh, Bradley's here.
Finally.
Yes, he shows up.
Our moral support.
That's probably the only time you're going to hear him the whole show.
Alright, we'll be talking to all our guests a little bit later, but first we're going
to take a very quick break.
Any other opening thoughts for you, Jimmy?
I think that right now that I still love Bradley because he brought me a Twinbee book.
Ooh!
Twinbee is ownage.
Very neat.
Very neat.
I wish our webcam was working so I could show the elation here on the webcam, but unfortunately
if you do try to go to the webcam on our site it isn't working right now, but we will have
that back next week because we have a big, big show next week and we'll talk more about
that a little bit later.
I have to say happy birthday, Joe Mama, and we're going to play some music right now.
We're going to start it off with something Jamie requested, which I think is very cool.
Do you want to introduce this for us?
This one is, I'm sure everyone is familiar with a particular song from 2DX 3rd Style
by DJ Taka.
This one is remixed by Naoki. Enjoy.
You
And now it's time for Erotic Pop Idol, where we will find the next singer for everyone's
favorite perverse baumannii band, Erotic.
Do it all night. Do it with me.
No, no, that was awful, bloody terrible.
Do you take vocal lessons? Kill your teacher.
In the heat of the night.
Oh, God, I think my ears are bleeding.
I liked it.
Shut the bloody hell up, Paula. Next.
Um...
That was cool.
Do you even know why you're here?
But that was just bloody pathetic, next!
Oh, come on baby, come on, do it with me.
Yes, yes, that's it, we have a winner!
A star is born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, a star is born here on Orange Lounge Radio.
I just repeated myself, but that's okay, because I can do anything I want on this show.
We have the power, we control the vertical, there's no vertical or horizontal on the radio.
We control the audio.
I could drop everybody like that.
But we're not going to do that.
No, I'm not going to do that, because I notice we're actually
starting to get some listeners.
This is pretty cool.
I'm liking this.
And we love you all.
If you want to say hi to us, why don't you
come join us in our chat room?
You're just going to get any IRC program, like MIRC
is a popular one.
And then as your server, you're going
to choose any other side IRC server,
like IRC.eggheads.org is one.
or you can join
othersideirc.net
I believe it's karma.othersideirc.net
and all you're going to do once you get on one of those servers is join Channel Orange Lounge
uh... some people seem to really like some music in that set uh... the last set we
had 0.59 by DJ Taka but that was remixed by Naoki
a piano version there
uh... seemed to be pretty well liked
also after that we had a very popular drum mania song Dynamite
and we're playing some songs for you tonight on the show that we don't
normally play on our Bomani music and more, but we will be soon. That's something we're
going to be working on through the next week. We're going to be increasing our Bomani music
and more music by a lot, because a lot more of you are starting to listen to it, so we
think it's starting to get stale for some of you have the same songs, so we're going
to kind of refresh. We're going to freshen it up a little.
We're going to emphasize on the more. Yes. So there'll be more stuff, and you'll
love it, so tune in any time we're not on the air.
And if you don't love it, we know where you live.
That's right.
If you want to hear any part of this show being rebroadcast, join Monday nights from
seven o'clock until eleven o'clock.
We do rebroadcasts of the live Orange Lounge show.
We'll do from seven to nine is tonight's show, and then nine to eleven is a classic Orange
Lounge, which is a pretty ballsy thing to say, considering we're only on episode five.
Oh, but do you mean every episode's a classic?
Thank you, Jamie.
Well put.
Yay.
All right.
Yay.
Boy, we've just got these big egos tonight, I don't know what it is, I think it's something
in the air.
I don't have a big ego, I'm intensely modest.
It's the California heat.
I have some big news for the show.
Next week on the show, we're going to have our very first special guests.
Guests, not just one special guest, but two special guests here on the show next week,
next Sunday.
Yes.
Would you care to tell them about our lovely guests we're going to have, Jamie?
I don't know, do you think we should make it a surprise?
Well, I've already told half the people in this room, but nobody online knows, I don't think.
Well, we're actually having over Melody and Mel B,
and they're going to be our guests on the show, and I get to clean house all week to be ready for them, because...
Oh God, I have to move everything out and deliver, because this room's cramped as it is when we do the show here, so...
I'd have to say so, and quite toasty, and moist.
Are you feeling a little moist tonight, Chami?
every night on the show. As Irene makes this face.
Orange Lounge Radio makes a moist-as-a-snack cake.
It could be a squishy.
Anyway, yes. Uh, no.
So next week should be a good show because Mel B will be here to talk about
freestyle stuff. I don't know,
I don't know what we'll talk to him about. Maybe about his retirement. Didn't he retire
and then he kinda came back out of retirement?
kind of like Jordan? I don't know. We'd have to ask.
Okay, we'll have to ask him what's up with that. We'll ask him what's up with that.
And then we also have Melody, and I know a lot of you don't know Melody. She goes by
Sharks Girl on the online boards and stuff,
but she's very cool and she's a very good friend of Jamie and I, and she will
dig up tons of dirt on us, guaranteed.
She can't wait. Melody is a fantastic person to know, anyway.
In the chat room they're asking, wasn't Mel B one of the Spice Girls?
No, we're not having that Mel B on the show. God, no.
Unless I get to, you know, use her gigantic teeth for target practice.
This is the freestyle Mel B. I don't know what the last tournament was that he won.
Do you have any idea?
What some of his big routines were?
I know he had a really good one at SCAT.
He had to do an improv routine to Boom Boom Dollar, which was hilarious.
There was also the Silent Hill one.
Does everyone know who Mel B is?
I don't see that.
Most people, if you download videos from DDR Freak or any site that offers videos of freestyle
competitions from the Bay Area, you're going to probably find a MLB video.
I think most people are familiar with his work.
I can actually confirm that from people in Mississippi, in Alabama, where I was going
to play DDR at Boomtown, and they're like, you're from California, oh my God, do you
know MLB?
Yes.
That's what I got.
He's a celebrity, man, come on.
He's a DDR celebrity and he'll be here in house next week.
Do you think that's special to be a DDR celebrity?
Yeah, why not?
I'm a DDR celebrity.
And why are you a DDR celebrity?
Because I am.
There was that, wait, I can't say that name on this radio station can I, but that one
instance with this unnamed person, we don't have the name, that made her a celebrity.
You know, the whole Rice Princess thing.
Oh yeah, whatever, whatever.
We don't need to go into that, sorry.
I don't mean to bring the children to a crashing halt or anything, come on.
Yeah!
But no.
You know, it's kind of funny though, I've noticed that if you have any sort of prominent
name on DDR Freak especially, people are like, oh my god, that's you!
Because that happened to me when I was in Mississippi!
They're like, alright, they got their fifth mix machine at the Boomtown Casino in Biloxi,
Biloxi, Mississippi, and they had never seen a fifth mix before.
This is after Max II had just come out.
I get up on there, I play my usual thing.
I have this tradition where I always start off with Superstar Maniac.
It doesn't really matter what machine it's on.
I just played this big maniac set, and for the first time I full combo'd a dropout trick
hidden something.
I just was playing around.
And they're like, oh my God, who are you?
I was like, oh, well, I go by DarkSakura.
That's you?
Oh my God.
So it's like if you have a prominent name on any of the national boards or anything
like that, then people know who you are and they're like, oh my God, that's you.
It's just really weird.
And then for me, they're like, you're Mormon?
What the hell?
Yeah.
Sorry, our chat room is getting insanely popular, so I was opting a few people there to help
police the chat room when we can't take an eye on things here.
It is pretty big today.
Yes.
Hello, everybody.
Hello, everybody in chat room.
Wow, we even have the...
Let's see who we have in the chat room today.
We have SoCalCakes, Jamama, we have lots of people.
Wow.
It's the people who are actually here! Wow, Bradley, you're in two places at once! How special!
Okay.
It's your evil twin, Skippy.
I just gave ops to people that are long-time listeners to the show here, so I thought they'd be able to police alright, because they know what we do here on the show.
And just what do we do?
Anyway, well, we just talk about anything Bamani and then just other crap that we feel like talking about. We'll talk about whatever we want here on the show, right?
We talk about it. If it exists, we can talk about it.
Anyway, so we have Mel B and Melody coming next week. That's big news for the show.
We're going to be expanding our playlist, Other Big News for the Show.
We might also be starting to do some other random live things.
Uh oh.
So we might be doing some live music programs. That's something Jamie and I have been talking about.
We'll have to see.
okay other big news this week this is something I wanted to do do tonight is
I wanted to do a special show for six style because six style was just
released for home this week the home version and how many of us have it on
order and we all have it on order that's the problem that's why we can't do a
tribute to six style tonight because nobody here has it yet none of us seem
to have it we know some people out there do have it thankfully but we're not
getting ours till mid next week so we couldn't do our six style tribute
However, I've got some tracks from the V-Rare 2 CD, and if you preordered stuff from Konami
style, then you would have gotten this special CD, this V-Rare 2 CD, which had some tracks
on it, and I'm going to play some of those tracks for you.
And rumor is that this also works as an appendisk, although I haven't had that confirmed yet,
so I don't know what's going to happen with that.
Okay, so we're going to do a tribute to 6th Style next week, because we'll have it, and
we can...
even more special because it will be show number six. It will be show number six.
It will be show six style, yeah. Okay.
So... So what else do you want to talk about? You want to take another break real fast?
Well, why don't we go ahead and let them
hear something different for a bit. Okay, let's play those songs. Let's go ahead and
play those songs from the V-Rare 2 CD.
We're going to come back and we're going to talk about the big news this week about the
concerning the Konami of America coin-op division. We'll talk about that when we get back.
In the meantime, I'm going to play Megoo with Stick Around and L.E.D. with the Mix-Up Dungeon J.
And I'm having a request in the chatroom for Strong Jagger, so maybe we'll work that into. So here you go.
So many days we wasted under the sky, watching the sun go up and the color came.
So many nights we ended up completely stunned
Aren't you really alive that she, she's having the same thing?
With you, with you, with you
They knew me but this whole time
I wanna be with you, with you, with you
Wherever you are, they see you in my arms
Why do we speak out loud like this?
I'd like to share a little more by talking
How can we keep repeating the same old lines?
Who am I with any secrets for you?
Why do we speak out loud like this?
I wanna spend the rest of my life with you
How do we know we'll be together?
I'd rather do it this way, man
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
So many hugs we showed every one a time I need to care what they ever thought of us
So many kisses starting up a hundred sparks
Shedding a bite that's like the rain
And people who don't share the same
To you, to you, to you
The world is called a disappear
I sit close to you, to you, to you
I hear your heartbeat
In harmony with mine
Why do we speak a lot like this?
I'd like to share the little more by talking
How can we keep repeating the same old lies?
You and I, let everything disappear
Why do we speak a lot like this?
I wanna spend the rest of my life with you
How do we know we'll be together?
I'll always do it the same as you
Land of the wandering, land of the true
Land of the woman, make her be the one
So many moments, I don't want to keep my voice inside
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Extreme Babati Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
version and an LED with a strong Jäger, as in Jägermeister, and it was exciting!
The full version.
I'm tingly just from hearing that song.
Oh, you've been moist and tingly tonight, Jamie.
Yes, I feel like I have a disease.
I have the rakimimonia and the boogie-woogie flu.
Irene's got this look on her face, I'm like, dear God.
This show has resorted to potty jokes.
Okay, anyway.
We'd like to give our condolences to a long-time supporter of Orange Lounge Radio.
He's been around since the first couple episodes, that's SCK, SoCalKicks, had a website and
unfortunately due to some server issues, it is no more.
He has no website right now.
He can't host it anyway, so if you have any posting space that you'd like to host a cool
little DER website all about the SoCal scene and then some, he has a lot of information
about U.S. Bahmani releases, domestic Bahmani releases, he's always up to news on that kind
of stuff, and he has a good little edit database going, so go ahead and send us an email at
orangeloungeradio.yahoo.com and we'll pass it along to him.
I'm sure he'd appreciate it.
And you're welcome.
Anyway, because he's saying thank you in the chat room, so you're welcome.
Yes, you're very welcome.
You've been a long time supporter of the show.
You hosted my edit.
That's really cool.
Yes.
Also, we've got some news going on.
yesterday was the big guy castro valley golf land tournament and uh...
well that kind of goes into uh... an f u of the week actually for me anyway but
we want to give but jamie's f u of the week
first so let's let jamie give her f u of the week
okay my f u of the week is directed towards
drum roll please
at&t
at&t
at&t
the only company that i've seen that has the death star as their logo
Yes, they are truly the evil empire.
I have been
at home unemployed now
happily, well not really, you know, having one. Anyway, that's off the subject.
Anyway, I've been sitting at home for the past, you know, week and a half trying to go online
and play my addiction Ragnarok online
only to have my cable crap out.
I will be sitting online
happily gaining levels, disconnected from the server. What?
I go downstairs, look at my little connector thing for my modem, and it's blinking lights
all over the place, and then it just stops.
So I have to hop on dial-up, then it comes back, then I have to get back on, and it does
this at least five times a day.
AT&T is truly a company run by the Antichrist.
Anyway, so I'm looking for a new service.
If anybody has good suggestions, I'm open to them.
AT&T just needs to die.
I also hate AT&T, because we have their cable, and they charge us way too much for it, and
we don't get BBC America, and we don't get M2.
So what am I supposed to do for watching music videos, because MTV sure as hell doesn't play
them.
That's for damn sure.
You know, MTV hasn't played videos since, like, the 90s began.
Well, no, they played videos up through them, because we had 120 Minutes, we had, um...
yeah but like MTV has sorority life the new reality show took place in Davis by
the way more the reason not to watch I saw when they put the rocks up on the
side of the hill oh is that is that what they all do by the big bridge that was a
pledge thingy now the hell with MTV I have an FU of the week as well I just
thought of this before the show started I decided I needed a theme song for my
a few of the week as well, so I just went cool.
Well, mine's cooler.
Yours is cooler, but...
Mine's fucked up.
Anyway, my issue...
Oh, it's being suggested that your F.U. of the Week should have been this.
Duploeb.
Yes.
Freakin' Duploeb.
Okay.
I can't fuck you of the week part two.
Fuckin' Duploeb.
Fuck them right in their noses.
Because their ass just doesn't get it.
I have been working for nearly a month on DarkSakura.com
Getting my pages up. It looks really pretty. Too bad nobody else can see it.
Because I keep getting these emails that say, we're relocating the server. Oh, we relocated again.
Oh, the server's now shoved somewhere up our ass. You know, we're puking it now.
So, at this point, I'm not ready to say, fuck DuploWeb again.
And for the people in the chatroom who are wondering, go to www.duploweb.com and you'll see how crappy they are.
So, I'm looking for a new service for that as well. If you have suggestions, please let me know, as long as you pay for it.
Okay! Can I finish? Can I finish? Can I finish?
No! No, my turn! I have part three, and my other fucking week goes toward my big toe.
No.
Alright. I'm gonna try to do my F.U. of the week now.
No.
If I may.
Oh, one more thing, one more thing.
Jesus Christ.
My F.U. of the week is Jamie, because she, no. My F.U. of the week is my sleep schedule,
because not only did I sleep until 3 o'clock today, I slept for 13 hours last night. I
I slept yesterday just long enough to miss CVGL completely.
I was going to go for a couple hours and it was great because I had my little remote kit
I was going to take and I was going to do interviews for this show and I was going to
do all this stuff and hopefully get to meet some people and get interviews with the winners
and all that stuff.
But I slept too damn much so I did not get to go to CVGL.
My problem is my clock, and for that I give an F you to my sleep clock.
We're also taking suggestions and collections to buy a new alarm clock.
I'm being told to get an alarm clock?
Doesn't work.
It didn't work this weekend.
I didn't have my alarm.
We can buy one and duct tape it to your head.
I wasn't sleeping at my own house, and that's all that needs to be said.
We have a suggestion from...
Irene, yes.
What is this?
I said take laxatives before you go to bed so you'll have to take a shit really bad in
the morning and you'll be forced to wake up.
I need to say something to Jabberwocky in the chat room.
I can't understand anything you're saying at all, I'm sorry.
Moving right along.
Oh yes, and a poopy pancake to you.
That relates, by the way, to the other show, Undersonationlive.org.
Listen to it.
It broadcasts on Saturday night.
If you like this, you'll love that.
Let's talk about the winners at CVGL, because I wanted to talk about that.
Do you still have that up on the screen over there, Matt?
Who won?
I know some people that listened to this show ended up placing, so that's pretty cool.
We have passed the microphone now to Matt.
Okay, for Perfect Attack, first place went to Virtu, Corey.
Congratulations.
Go Corey.
Second place went to Tigger Eugene, or I hope I pronounced that right.
And then third place went to Emphasis.
Well you go!
And for Freestyle, let me see here real quick.
Okay third place went to Hypnotics with his secret rendezvous routine.
Second place went to...
That's a local boy!
Go Hypnotics!
Second place went to Nobody Gen for their high is off you routine.
And also first place went to Sweet Banana A.J. for the on jazz routine.
My sweet, my sweet banana.
Every time I hear that song I think of the abra abracadabra.
Have you noticed how many para para songs are rip offs of old 80 tunes that steal the
tunes?
There's that one and then there's, Irene you know some of these.
The para songs that sound like other normal songs.
The Ghostbusters song.
Which one's that?
That would be.
Oh deluxe.
Oh, deluxe, duh duh duh duh duh duh.
No, that's, um, Aishimasu.
Aishimasu.
Nope.
Aishimasu.
Yes.
Uh, what else?
There was another one that rips off, I was thinking Highway to Hell, but that's High
Energy from DDR Solo, which just sounds just like Highway to Hell.
Well, also, they'll pick, like, like, song titles.
Highway to Hell!
What?
They'll pick song titles, too, and make up whole, you know, Eurobeat songs, like, you
know, Like a Virgin and, um, what was the other one that had Dulce Dance So Close to
Me?
I don't know.
Dulce Dance So Close?
The whole thing is that just about every song that was in Para Para was on one of the million
Initial D soundtracks.
And they all say fire.
I'm sorry?
I'm sorry, Ari?
They all say fire.
Yes, they all say fire.
Yes.
Gosh, PPP is a really old thing to be talking about, but actually locally it's still kind
of new to us.
We haven't had a machine until about two months ago, so anyway.
But Para Para, I don't know, it's kind of getting old for me, but whatever.
yes ron i think i have an answer to your not waking up uh... oh yes i remember
on that
tech tv on the uh... showed screensavers they reviewed an alarm clock called the
screaming me me one ten
basically it's an a hundred and ten decibel alarm clock which is the
equivalent to a jet although i own another no
my old remain with my very first roommate will i moved out of the dorms
in college moved into an apartment and my roommate how one of those clocks
it was just one of us
it was a clock it was an alarm clock for deaf people
is what it was
it was so loud every time I went off keep in mind my old apartment I lived
right by train tracks so every time a train went by
I could sleep right through that but I his alarm clock always woke me up it
sounded like a plane was landing in his room it was just like
it was so incredibly loud
you would not even believe. What was funny is also
they were reviewing the fact that there's Screaming Me 220
which I just can't imagine that.
who actually want to be deaf.
I could only live with that guy for six months, him and his clock.
Or maybe it's like for, you know, rock stars who are deaf anyway.
Don't you think?
Yeah, I just got back from the show last night. Ahh! My ear!
You know, like that.
I apologize to any speakers that were blown out by my impersonation of my
old roommate's alarm clock and he held the microphone pretty far away
that'll get we're having a suggestion in the chat room from pyro man saying to
wake up to let them move every morning that was fun that'll get you right out
of bed let's just go this way that won't make me get out of bed that'll make me
want to end my life the screen maybe 220 can be heard up uh up to a mile away
oh my god
No. No.
Also, in case you missed last week's show, by the way, we did determine the worst Maimani
song in history next to Let Them Move, and it was Bye Bye Baby Balloon. So Bye Bye Baby
Balloon will never be played on this. And this wasn't just our decision, we helped,
but it was the chat room that ultimately decided that Bye Bye Baby Balloon was the worst Maimani
song ever.
It's a good dimension in one of our provos.
It does. It does get a mention, but we, you know.
But we won't play the song.
Yeah, we won't play it.
If anyone has heard the promo, it's declared as crap, so that's why.
And crap stinks, so flush it.
Anyway, let's talk about another big news item. This has been the biggest news in the DDR scene in forever.
I'm going to read this. This was in Replay Magazine, which is an industry magazine for arcade coin-ops.
and they said, Konami's US coin-op office is to close.
The Konami of America's coin-op office in Buffalo Grove, Illinois will close its
doors at the end of September with future game sales being handled
by an as yet to be named third-party exclusive distributor in the US.
Factory execs in the US have yet to issue a public statement confirming the
move, so it is still kinda hearsay at this point, but
it's pretty much been widely determined. There was speculation before this news item hit
and now it's kinda just being more and more confirmed.
Anyway, the Japanese manufacturer, which has a consumer game office in California
and gaming operations in Nevada,
will maintain a small service department to handle support for its existing units
in the field,
like all those silent scope machines. According to what
Replay Magazine has so far, Konami is also expected to exhibit
at this fall's AMOA Expo in Las Vegas, possibly
with their new sales and marketing partner. And that's been a quite an
interesting story lately.
People are saying, oh, that's it, DDR is dead in the US.
I wouldn't go that far.
I think that's kind of screaming that the sky is falling.
It never once said that they were going to, you know, not manufacture the games 100%.
They have another distributor.
And they still don't appear to give a shit about imports, so hey, I think we're going
to be okay.
No, so that's another thing, Austin, to put an end to that rumor that was brought to our
attention last week too regarding them hunting down drummania machines and taking them out.
Go after all two copies of pop music that are in the country.
So we still don't know what's going to happen with DDR.
This could be a good thing.
I mean, maybe this third party distributor is going to take something like Max2, just
make it, you know, maybe have some, I don't know how it all works really in the industry.
Maybe Konami makes it better or they help make it better and then put it out.
Maybe this third-party distributor is going to listen to us really good and get some good
stuff.
Working at a video distributor company, a lot of the companies out there that manufacture
machines and distribute them, they want to cut costs and the only way they can do that
is not distribute them and go third-party and that way it saves on them having shipping
facilities and all that kind of stuff.
So they're going to cut costs that way.
It doesn't mean they're not going to make any gains, they're just going through someone
else that distribute them, which is really common in all the industries out there.
Do you think maybe it's possible that this third-party distributor is going to come out
and go, okay, we've got a problem with these imports, because we're trying to put out a
new USA mix here, and we've got a problem with your imports?
You think that might happen?
No.
They have nothing to say with it.
All the distributors do is take someone's game and basically sells that product to whoever.
That's all they do.
They don't do anything as far as recalling games.
all Konami so they're nothing but highly trained monkeys basically yes I'm
getting nodded yes and you DDR max USA not affected from what we hear so far
still looking to be a damn good release it's going to be the biggest home
release of DDR ever 65 something songs who knows but maybe possibly the only
thing that could be affected is any kind of arcade link who knows what happens
maybe they don't know what's gonna happen yeah they're still selling the
their own home games online. I mean, Konami makes, you know, a good number of
games. And even so, you know, they've still got, you know, like they're
keeping that small servicing up and, you know, they still have tons of classic
games out that are going to be servicing, like the Turtles in Time that Rosebud
Goffin. That game is so cool. Yes, we are geeks. But anyway, we digress. You know,
They've got so many games that have been released as far as arcade games that are going to need
that servicing in the future, so it's a good thing that they keep that office open.
Their distributor is not really going to be able to do much about that anyway.
Jabberwocky has a very good point in our chat room, saying it's not a bad move.
Look at the movie industry.
They work the exact same way, and they're pretty darn good at distributing the movies
to the theaters.
So maybe this is just going to get DDR out there even more.
I can even say that.
You did kind of just say the same damn thing, but you worked for, thinking about it as video
and thinking about the actual movies, two kind of different things, I think.
It's a different process.
I worked in the mortgage industry for two years.
A mortgage company or a bank is often going to buy out a third-party servicer to handle
loans collections because it's too much money that's going to cost them to train, to have
these people hired trained to take care of the employee base.
If you look at it from that standpoint as well, Konami is a corporation.
That's going to save them a lot of money over time and less money that they spend on actually
having to worry about the distribution.
That could be more money put into other things.
It sounds like all in all it's not the end of the world.
It could only maybe some things are going to change, but it sounds like for the most
part it can't be a totally bad thing.
It might just be better.
It might get DDR some more exposure.
They're going to hopefully do some things that Konami wasn't able to do.
Max USA still sounds like it's going to be pretty kick-ass.
That is going to be a winner.
20 new songs that haven't been in any mix yet.
We haven't heard anything else other than Overblast being in it and the initial song
list that was posted on all the big Bimani websites.
We're going to, as soon as we hear anything else about new Max stuff, we will not only
announce that on the show, we'll get those songs into rotation soon too so you can hear
what they sound like.
I think we're going to go ahead and take another quick break, and then we're going to come
back and talk about the new Euro mix, which is quite possibly what the new USA mix could
be, could have been, who knows.
We're going to talk about that, what the British folks and all of Europe is going to be seeing
pretty soon.
In the meantime, I'm going to take a quick break.
I'm going to start it off with something that the chat room has just been yelling to hear
played, and so we're going to hear Miracle Moon, and we're going to hear the version
of this remix by LED, just because I've got two versions, and that's the one I somewhat
prefer although some people are saying, play the original, play LED, play the original.
Well, play LED, but if you want to play the original, the original is also in rotation
in our Bomani Music & More show, which plays all the time when we're not doing this live
bit. And after that, we're going to hear another LED track, Mix Up Denjin J, which is another,
the full version we're going to hear, which is another one of these six-style hidden tracks.
So it's going to be somewhat of a long break, but we'll come back right about eight o'clock.
and I'll try to get to as many requests as I can before the night's up.
Oh, you're the answer, let's go
We should go back to our room, should we go?
We should go, should we go?
We could go back to our room, we should go
I'm the king that came up
He said that I can't do
Do you believe in love?
Yes, I'm the king that came up
I'm the king that came up
Yay, now it's time to die, die, die
No, no, no, no, no, no
It's time to die, die, die
Don't you think you can get it, go, go
Yay, yay, yay, yay
Don't you think you're leaving now?
There's time to stay with you
Oh
music
music
music
music
music
Oh
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who, by the way, is not an actor, what do you think of
the Orange Dance Way of Learning Music and More show?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly.
It's like being in a club, except you don't have to actually ask someone to dance.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio, it's like one big giant spaceship.
It's about the top of the hour, 8 o'clock, we've got one more hour of the live show for
you tonight.
And we want to start off this hour talking about some big news, Euromix 2 is coming out
very soon.
Matt, do you want to give us a little rundown on what's going on with Euromix 2?
Okay, well Euromix 1 was out in the UK for quite a while now, it's been using the old
third MIX engine that we're all familiar with from USA. However, it's really old, so they
decided to update their new thing. It's actually EuroMIX 2 or EuroMAX. It's probably going
to use either, I'm guessing, the DDR MAX 2 engine for it. One of the other things, other
than it being in a new format, the MAX 2 format, it's going to have a nice new cabinet to go
go along with it.
and also Zomba records.
Like Britney Spears' Zomba?
Yes. Oh, dear God.
But, well, it's okay.
They've got a few songs I've heard of, like 5678 by the Steps.
Oh, you know what, Matt? I actually have 5678 by Steps queued up here, so let's hear a little bit of this.
Aren't I good here?
We've got one of these songs, so here's a preview of what one of the new Euromix songs is going to be like.
I'm just going to play a little bit of it here for you.
Not to begin, no comedies, no comedies, no comedies
Kinda a little bit of repetitive here
Not to begin, no comedies, no comedies, no comedies
No, this is not the song that Billy had to dance to. That song was called tragedy
This is kinda what's on it. Probably gonna have a lot of little 12th notes in it or something
Well actually, it sounds much like cowgirl or something like that
That's funny because one of the other songs in there is going to be Cotton Eye Joe, which
is a country sounding song.
Yeah, Cotton Eye Joe is going to be in there.
And unfortunately it looks like Let the Move is going to be on there too.
That means that people get to hear me scream loudly.
I guess.
See.
This again, in case you missed it, playing in the background is 5, 6, 7, 8 by Steps,
which is going to be one of the new songs in Euromix.
Some of the other new songs will be Caribbean Queen by Billy Ocean.
Erin's Party, Come and Get It by Erin Carter.
Oh, God.
I'm wet.
Don't Try to Stop It by Roman Holiday.
Let's see, I Want You to Want Me by Solid Harmony.
Is that, I want you to want me.
Probably a cover of the old Cheap Trick song.
And the vibe is right by Ruby Turner.
And let's see, we've got Stomp also by The Steps, the same people that are doing 5, 6,
7, 8.
I bet you Steps has broken up already.
They broke up last year, so it's probably a similar kind of thing to like Smile DK where
they're getting all these songs from bands that have been broken up.
Probably.
Then we have That Is In, This Is Now by High Five.
What's pretty cool though is they've actually got a lot of the stuff from older mixes that
we don't have in our Max 2, but some of it's pretty good. They're getting some of the Max
2 stuff like Living in America and the Reflex and that kind of thing. Also, they're getting
some of the Oni songs that, you know, were in Max 2 that we aren't getting. Like Hysteria,
is one of them right? Hysteria 2001 and D4U, the KOGG3 mix. They're getting those and Spin
And spin the disc and all that stuff.
Brad's in the corner whining.
Also, they're going to be having some DDR Max 3 songs in there.
Yes, they've got some new...
What?
These are some of the new originals that we should probably expect for Max 3.
They have Vanity Angel by Fix.
Memories, it's a new Naoki featuring a Poly Terry song.
Then we have Crash by Mr. Brian and the Final Band.
Wait, wait, back the train the fuck up.
Politari is a very talented young lady, and I'm sure she wouldn't appreciate you guys
talking about her like that.
But Brad, it sucks.
I know.
She can hold a tune.
Excuse me, the Naoki teaching Politari oni mode has got to be the best oni mode there
is.
Oni, of course.
Oh, here we go.
Hold on a minute, Brad.
Go through your little thing.
I have something to say about that, Brad.
Hold on just a minute.
Your digital reply.
Hold on, let's see.
I've got my reply here somewhere.
You can't browse through it.
Where is it?
Oh, yes.
Here it is.
Oh, that makes me feel warm inside.
Warm and squishy?
You know, there have been, I can't say that the music is bad, but Paula Terry can't hold
a tune.
I'll say this.
I'll say this.
I like Email Me.
That's a cool one.
And I like, yeah, it's Paula Terry.
And I like, yeah, it's Paula Terry.
And I like, I like Still in My Heart.
I do like that song.
But, like, Destiny? Yuck!
Okay, this is musical harassment, and I don't have to take it. I'm leaving.
Just go play your Game Boy. Go play your Game Boy.
Okay, Matt wants to give us news now. Matt, you want to talk?
We have news.
Yeah, you hate Polterra too, don't you?
Are you gay?
You take it in the ass.
What the hell? That was random.
Are you gay?
No, no and no.
Let's see here.
One of the things that they don't mention in here is Max Unlimited.
So probably my guess would be is they're having some sort of unlock thing.
They're just being a secret.
They're making a secret.
Oh yeah, it's going to be a hidden track, whoop-de-doo.
Then they're probably getting Burning Heat as another hidden track.
So they're probably going to have some hidden tracks and a similar unlock system to Max
2.
Hooray for them.
You know, I'm still planning on eventually one of these days making an edit for Burning
Heat and calling it Prep H. You know, I think that would be a very good, you know, title
for this test.
Brad went and got backups.
I like Politary. She's pretty cool.
Okay, bye.
That's all you're gonna do?
You know what?
Save her and fuck her!
Okay. Bye.
I don't know. How many people in the chatroom like Politary?
Well, let's take a quick vote.
Who in the chatroom likes Politary and who thinks Politary just needs to go away?
Yes, go ahead and send in your votes and we'll see what the majority says.
How many times are we going to talk about Polteri on the show?
How many times can I work into puking sound?
How many songs total does it look like Euromix is going to be having?
Well, let me see here.
A lot. I don't know.
You don't have to count, just kind of guess.
I believe they're supposed to have 65 songs other than...
Let me see here...
A lot?
Oh, stick with a lot.
Okay, and the chat room says,
Politary dies, Politary fucking owns.
Politary is as cool as the center of hell.
Politary sucks, if I were a redhead I'd do a rotten.
Politary is a no-talent whore, and I vote for Usama Kubota.
Are you still going off on Politary?
For whoever said that Politary was as cool as the center of hell, you had to have read
the Inferno if you meant that in a good way.
Politary is really awesome.
She's from Australia.
So is Kylie Minogue.
So is Olivia Newton-John, and she did Xanadu.
And Kylie Minogue is good too.
Yeah.
So is, wait, no, she has to say it.
Okay, sounds like 68.
68.
That's the word.
So I wonder, could this be some kind of example of what we could be seeing with US Max?
Because that's about how many songs are supposed to be in US Max.
Well, okay, here'd be the difference here.
Okay, US Max, some of the songs wouldn't work just right, especially when it comes to editing
them.
We're going to have probably a Britney Spears song in there, one or two.
I'm sure there's going to be a boy band somewhere around here.
Maybe Cher even.
Boycott the boy band.
Okay, first of all, I will personally write a scathing letter to Konami of America if there is any...
You know, okay, I know that there's people who like boy bands, but don't expect...
Don't expect, you know, I'm going to do exactly the same thing I did with the mix, if I did
it again in fifth mix, and never play it and go plug my ears when it's on.
We're here, somebody's been quite adamant in here, no, we will not have boy bands, so
somebody with some insider information there.
And then there's going to be the Let Them Trance, you know, the trance version of Let
Them Move, of course.
That was horrible, boom!
A trance version of Let Them Move.
You know, I'm going to continue to always show my support for Konami, even if, you know,
we happen to do get a lot of, you know, get some crappy boy bands and let them move.
You know, there are legitimately people who like those songs, although those people also
probably have had lobotomies too.
So.
I'm sorry, hold on.
Have you seen a picture of Politary?
No.
You know who she looks like?
Who?
That chick on Magnolia that's the druggie.
I don't remember her name.
Yeah, okay.
I know what you're talking about.
like her she's all skinny and like blonde and really like anorexic looking
and stuff and she wears really dark lipstick well thank you for that that
little hint it has been confirmed by the way by a economy of America
representative that DDR max USA will have no let them move whatsoever no
mixes no nothing now the British one is going to have let them move I mean the
to each their own that's what I always say however you know if the majority
says that we know we don't want this then I'm glad that they're finally
listening to that guys have you heard the new the new song by out phase it's
it's a new let them move remix it's awesome and out phase let them move
You think that actually might be cool, the doll face?
No.
Okay, so Euromix 2. Right.
But we love Konami.
Right.
Somebody sent me a file. I don't...
Oh, I got a picture. Hold on, I'm going to open this up.
I should not leave my file transferred.
No, I shouldn't even be saying that. That's on right away.
Uh-oh.
There we go, there's a picture of Paula Terry.
Hey, it's Paula Terry.
Hey.
Paula Terry looks like she wants to be a goth girl.
She does look kind of goth, don't you think?
So maybe she's slightly cool.
Maybe. We'll see.
Cool like the grave.
She needs to just maybe do some nude photography instead of singing.
And we get a yes from Brad.
Thank you for sending me that file. I appreciate it.
Pyro Man sent me that file. Thank you very much.
Thank you for the lovely picture of the lovely and not-so-talented Politary.
Is there any? Yes, Matt has come in.
Well, also, the new cabinet that your Mix 2 is going to have, that's actually going to be the same thing for Max 3.
They're upgrading, I guess, the hardware for that, too.
Speak it big and shiny.
You know what? It is about time they did that, though, don't you think?
Because Max 2, it seems like they're really pushing the limits of Max 2.
And everybody keeps saying they need to have a DDR mix that has everything in it.
They need to have a DDR mix that has every song in it that they ever did, including Strictly Business and Editor.
As long as they have a better thing for it than what was in 4th Plus, because it took forever to go through the songs on all music.
Yeah, my experience having a song list that's like huge like that, especially running my sim, I've got 800 some songs.
Going through the list to try to find what you're looking for is a real bitch.
Well, that's kind of why I like the 5th Mixing Up, you know, little navigational thing.
I mean, you can put it in alphabetical order or order by difficulty or speed or something like that.
That's pretty good, don't you think?
Now do you think they're actually going to call it DDR Max 3 Subtitled Dance Dance Revolution
A-tard Mix?
A-tard.
Oh, God.
A-tard.
We need A-tard.
A-tard.
You know like how when you beat the ONI courses it says you got to the A-tard stage?
Brad finally gets that joke.
But Brad doesn't play online much, so he doesn't.
I don't have the internet.
What's the internet?
Internet?
Oh, I invented that.
That's right, Brad.
And we're on real radio.
Oh, yes, Miss Al Gore down there on the floor invented the internet, yeah.
They're playing Polteri out there. They're playing Love Again.
And that's why I'm very lucky for the shows here.
Since we weren't cool enough to get 6th style this week, we're...
Polteri rules!
What's the intranet? I want one of those. I'll get me one of them.
We just got new rams today. We got more rams in my computer.
That was bad. Anyway, enough about Polteri.
The show's getting really lame.
Hitting? Hitting lame?
Hey, we are cool.
Next!
So, what's next on our list?
Oh, this is for you, Brad.
Anyway, that's just the Brad theme.
Every time Brad walks into the room, it opens his mouth.
I don't get it. Our Germany is broken.
Our symbol is broken.
Is that a rim job?
Our hi-hat is the broken one.
How about a report on the condition of the machines in Goughland?
We try to make this a big show, an international show to everybody, because we have people
that listen to the show in Chile, in the Dominican Republic.
We have people listening to the show, people in Japan, Japan is the third highest country
next to the US and Canada, and Minnesota.
Minnesota is part of the US, you dumbass.
Actually, for all of our international listeners, no, we're not the prime example of all Americans.
Americans, we're just, you know, the cool people.
Yeah, we're the best ones.
Everybody wishes they were like us.
But we do sometimes, since we are kind of locally based, all the guests you see on the
show do come from the same area and play mostly at the same arcade, sometimes we like to rant
about our local arcades, so you want to give an update, status update on all the machines.
All right.
Or Mal was just there today, he can help out too.
Well, last I noticed, and please correct me if I'm wrong, last I noticed starting with
the farthest corner by the bathroom.
BeatMania or HipHopMania Complete Mix 2 is still having issues with their drop loading
coin flop, which they need to actually replace like the one at Milpitas Golf Land.
Also the screen's really tweaking out now.
That's to be expected.
The machine's been there for how long?
Like at least two years.
Yeah, it's really tweaking.
I played it from the day that they got it in, so even though I was really sucky at it.
Guitar Freaks is actually working.
The controllers seem to be fine.
was great. Drummania, the hi-hat is broken. That, for the people who don't really bother
themselves with the names of the different sensors, that is the far left symbol.
Also, Guitar Freaks is still in the CD-ROM era thing.
Oh it is? Are they sessioning? Did you notice?
I don't play session because it sucks. Hey, session is fun. Oh, Keyboardmania. It
looks like they finally got the keyboards replaced in time for someone to rip off the
far right key on the second controller side.
We will find them and murder them.
Yeah, I heard a screw was missing on one of the guitar things.
Also, with keyword mania, I guess they have been having problems with people stealing
the keys again, so they actually turned the whole machine around.
So now the front is facing where the back was and so no one can play it and no one can
tamper with it.
Quite honestly, I think they should do with that as they did with Guitar Freak's fifth
mix when we first got it in, and put it by the back counter so that the staff can better
keep an eye on it.
Oh, definitely.
I mean, it's not session anymore, so it doesn't really matter where it's at.
It's a little bit better to be slightly inconvenienced to walk, oh, the few feet to the back of the
building, as opposed to having them destroy a game that a lot of people really like.
Let's see, DVR USA, well, I personally don't know because I don't play it.
It seems to be working all right.
Max 2 seemed to be just fine when I was playing on it.
It's still loud.
Base is way too high and it's still eating coins every now and then.
Same with Drummania starting to do that now too.
That's just all that takes is maintenance and then fixing the...
That's because they don't like to screw the coins so that's where it's supposed to be.
Hey, just let them sit there.
Para Para worked just fine.
I did actually notice some sensor issues.
It looks like one of the sides has drooped down just a little bit.
people have been, you know, hopping up there and holding on to the thing. You know, I don't
blame them for not being able to read the warning since it's in Japanese, but still,
you know, they should know better. It's common sense. Unfortunately, not enough people have
it.
Yeah, they have, like, the swing on the bar.
And on another note, most of the coin slots on Turtles in Time is broken. I am upset.
That is all.
Yes. And that's all the best news to me.
Well, thank you for that lovely update. All right, we're going to take another quick break.
And when we come back, we're going to talk about, why don't we go ahead and do the best
2DX song to celebrate kind of sick style a little bit.
We'll talk about, we'll try to narrow down what the best 2DX song in history is.
That works for me.
Sounds fun to you guys.
All right.
So we'll come back and we're going to do a little segment we call List List with the
best 2DX song ever.
And you guys in the chat room are going to be the ones that ultimately decide what it
is.
So get on in our chat room right away.
on irc.eggheads.org or karma.othersideirc.net, just any other side IRC server that you can
think of and you're just going to join Channel Orange Lounge and you guys can help us pick
the best 2DX song ever. And in this break we're going to hear a couple more requests
and uh... will be right back
Ooh, my little pretty one, pretty one When you gonna give me some time, Sharona
Ooh, you make my motor run, my motor run Gonna come and offer my life, Sharona
Yeah, we're gonna stop, give it up Took your dirty mind off, get it up
All the time, trust me, I'm gettin' tight My, my, my, yeah, yeah, yeah
My love, my, my, aye, Sharona
Come a little closer, huh, will ya, huh
Tossin' out the luck in my, aye, aye, Sharona
Keepin' in a mystery that gets to me
Runnin' down the length of my, aye, aye, Sharona
Yeah, we're gon' stop, givin' up
Such a dirty mind, I always get it up
All the time, choppin' under time
Oh,
oh,
oh,
oh,
I
This is fucked up!
and
cause
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
That's right, the Swedish chef endorsing Orange Lounge Radio there.
We tend to do a lot of very random things on this show, just to warn you.
You know it's funny because a lot of people when cafe comes on they go,
Cafe! Oh my god! I love this song! Cafe! And then, oh, it's a promo.
Here we go.
Now we are going to determine the best
2DX song
ever.
Ever, ever, ever.
And to do that we're going to do a little segment we call List List.
And participating today in the List List segment will be myself, Jamie, Matt,
Joe,
Bradley, and uh... Brad and Irene,
So Sarah Koppel, they're basically essentially one person,
so they'll be doing one big list as one person.
And what we're going to do is each of us
are going to name off our top three songs.
And then we get to go around, and everybody
will get to eliminate one song from the big list.
And then after that, we'll have a list of, let's see,
12 songs, unless there's some duplication.
We might have a little less, but there'll be 12 or less songs.
And that's when you three, or you guys in the chat room,
get to pick your top three songs.
and we'll do a vote over a really quick break.
We'll do about a three minute break
that you guys will have to vote.
So, and we're already getting people
screaming in the chat room their votes,
but remember you guys can only vote for stuff
that ends up on the list.
So if your stuff doesn't end up on the list,
sorry, it just can't be considered.
You're only gonna be able to vote
for stuff that's on the list.
So why don't we go ahead and start?
So let's go ahead and start.
Jamie, why don't you go ahead and start?
Fine.
Your number three tune.
My number three is colors.
Colors.
Any reason why?
I've been listening. That's like one of the few songs to recently come out for 2DX that I've literally listened to 10 times in a row because I absolutely love the song.
Okay.
Yeah, it's just... I don't know. It actually just sort of reminded me of a bunch of stuff, so I like it.
Alright, and just a note to the chat room, please don't flood your votes. We hear you loud and clear the first line, so you don't have to type it 60 times, your votes.
Okay, number three, my number three pick would be Star Mine.
I would say it would be one of the best 2DX songs.
And Waving Fun.
Okay.
And yes, the video has a big part to do with that.
So who's gonna go next?
Joe, you wanna go next?
Cracker.
I don't know.
Yes, we have the vote for Cracker.
Japanese hip hop is funny.
Yes, it is.
All right, and for Matt.
All right, my number three has to be between,
I guess it's going to have to be A.
It's going to be A is your number three choice, A
from seventh style.
A?
All right.
Thank you very much.
Any other reasons you don't want to elaborate why,
or just because you like it?
I like piano ambiance.
OK.
And next we have Bradley.
I've actually decided, so I'll go with number three as Kalkuta.
Kalkuta! Kalkuta!
It's a fun song, and it has my favorite sequence in it to play.
Alright.
Next up, Brad and Irene.
That's one person.
Our number three will have to be I Feel.
I Feel, huh?
Okay.
Why do you like that one?
Because the kyramoga owns all of you.
I Feel is a great song.
Get the rimshot!
I mean the rimshot!
Wait, hold on.
I don't have the rimshot.
Wait, wait.
I guess I do.
Thank you.
I feel fulfilled.
Okay.
I feel...
Oh.
Your number two choice, Jamie.
My number two choice?
Okay.
I actually did scratch off, you know, my Fuck You song, Schlagwerk, because, well, it kind
of fell off once I heard Infinite Prayer, Floating Flock.
Ah.
That one, not only is it one of my favorite to listen to, but it's also one of my favorite
to listen to.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, it kind of fell off once I heard Infinite Prayer, Floating Flock.
That one, not only is it one of my favorites to listen to, it's probably one of my favorites
to play, except for that, you know, I either get the scratching or I don't, so it's a fun
one overall.
Infinite Prayer, Floating Flock, good choice.
My number two pick for best 2DX song ever would be Love is Dreaminess, just because
the video is cool, I love the song, I love the vocals in it, so Love is Dreaminess.
We have a comment about its difficulty.
It's just too damn hard. I just played it like five minutes ago, I think.
That song and
one other, or probably the last two I have left to pass in Light 7 on
fifth style, is Love the Streaminess and
Regulus, also known as the Cardcaptor Sakura theme.
Anyway, next is Matt. Alright, my next one is
going to have to be Nemesis. Nemesis, alright. From 7th Style. 6th Style. Oh, 6th Style,
I'm sorry, whoops, my bad. 6th Style. Why would you choose Nemesis? It's an awesome
trance song. What can I say? Okay, works for me. How about Joe? What was your number too
big? SOS. SOS, also another Dr. Bombay song, why is that? I don't know, it's just crazy
I guess. The video is absolutely funny. Well put, well put, it's fucking crazy, alright.
Wait, I'm sorry, I need to ask the speed version or Dr. Bombay's version?
Speed, I guess.
The speed version? Okay, so it's not Dr. Bombay, we're talking about the speed version by, I believe it's Dr.
It's not Dr. Bombay.
Dr. Jekyll, thank you.
Dr. Jekyll.
Alright, passing off to Bradley.
I guess I'll go for my second pick, I'll go for Elder Wall.
I like it as soon as I heard it on Fizstyle and I can play it every time I play a game.
Outer wall.
You can do that, outer wall.
Yeah, that was actually my wallpaper for the longest time.
Right on.
When they released all the Fizstyle pictures, I had outer wall up there for like three months.
Okay, so we got everybody's number three and number two choices.
No, oh, I'm sorry.
You got to get Brad's.
No, we have Brad's.
Don't forget me.
Okay.
Um, I'd have to say my number two is Gravity by TAC, and you want to know why? Because TAC owns you all.
I'm kind of surprised the amount of Seventh Style songs that are showing up here is kind of...
Seventh Style is really good. Oh, that's a funny joke I read.
Well, no, see, that's the reason why actually I like it, because it sounds like another incarnation of one of my favorite songs, Electro Tune, so...
Way to go, TAC.
Okay, that works. All right.
It's just a TAC attack.
Okay, so now everybody's...
And we're already getting booed by a lot of people in the chat room for our choices, but you know...
Well, you get to vote later.
Yeah, you get to vote. Anyway, you'll get to determine the final list.
You'll also get a fuck you of a week next week.
Alright.
Alright. Number one choices. So your personal favorite 2DX song ever. Jamie.
Okay. As if people can't figure out what mine is going to be, it's going to be reincarnation.
Reincarnation.
And Brad totally called it.
Well, of course this has got to be reincarnation, because I sat and was pissed at that song
for weeks.
The first time I passed it on 7 key, my cat walks behind my PS2 and unplugs it, and then
I didn't pass it since until I actually got a third style from my friend while I was off
at Anime Expo.
Okay, so my number one song, and I absolutely fell in love with this song the first time
I heard it, and it really is the song that just hooked me into 2DX.
I always thought it was cool, this is the song that hooked me into it, Deadline was
my number one favorite Bimani song ever so Joe why don't you give us your number
one pick I also like this one in a fifth and economics it's absolute by DJ Taka
yes his Takas so he rolls it's absolutely cool yes absolutely a good
choice there all right Matt your number one pick my number one pick has to be in
70 is hard.
So here we go, the very last one on the list.
Brad's number one choice.
R number one.
The envelope, please.
Oh, this is actually my number one.
I chose Love, Will.
Love, Will.
That's a great song.
Alright, a lot of Rick on here, RIC, I see Love, Will in my eyes, I Feel, a lot of him
on there.
Quite a bit of LED, too.
Well, yeah, they're all Kiriyamaoka.
Yeah, alright.
Alright.
Okay.
Yeah, um, surprisingly V did not show up on the list.
That kind of surprised me.
I thought somebody would say it.
I didn't say it because I thought somebody else would say it, but...
It's because we could name the Katimu version.
V did not show up on the list, but A did, somehow.
So...
We couldn't put the V vocal on there.
How about we all make a cumulative vote of V?
We just want to add V on the list?
Just...
Yeah.
Alright, we're going to put V on there.
V's on there.
Okay, so now we have 19 songs, and we're going to now eliminate 6 of them.
And this is kind of a hard choice, because these are all really good songs on here.
So we're going to have to take off six of them.
So starting with Jamie.
Huh.
I actually am taking off SOS Speed.
SOS Speed is gone.
I really personally cannot stand that version.
I actually even refuse to play it at home, so.
We're already getting bitched out in the chatroom for our list, so we haven't even eliminated
songs yet.
Sorry, Joe.
All right.
SOS is out of there.
uh... i have to eliminate one huh uh...
i
i don't know i'm gonna get rid
you know i just
i don't like this song in two d x i think it's just a song that should've
should've been only
in uh... keyboard mania i mean repressed though i just don't i don't care for it
didn't press it's uh...
it's a keyboard mania so i just don't like it to you x i'm sorry
all right uh... next week
joe what do you want to take out the list
Let me see.
Oh man, this is a tough one. I dunno... I'd probably take off, like...
God...
Give me a sec...
Oh...
A
You're taking off A! Oh!
Oh!
It's just too new. It's just too new to be the best one ever.
Alright, so we have Matt's choice next.
And I swear this isn't out of bitterness.
Cracker!
You know what, I have to agree, that was my other choice.
Alright, next we have Bradley.
Bradley is taking one off. What do you want?
Okay, look through the list here.
And I'll probably offend a lot of people, but just because I don't like the singing very well in this song, it might grow on me someday, but I don't like Colors all that much yet.
Colors? Oh, wow! You know, I'm good at Colors!
I'm gonna call into the corner and cry.
Alright, Colors is gone, sorry.
Alright, next we have Brad, well, like, you know. But I can't hate Bradley because he brought me Twendy.
So that leaves us with our final list, and they're going to vote on this in the chat
room right now.
The only way I'm going to count your vote, you have to send me a private message with
your vote.
So I'm in the chat room, it's S-K-I-E, and I have a little bar, it says O-L. You have
to send me your vote as a private message or it doesn't count, okay?
Here's the final list.
We have Star Mine, I Feel, Infinite Prayer, Love is Dreaminess, Nemesis, Outer Wall, Gravity,
Reincarnation, Deadline, Absolute, In My Eyes, Love Will, and V.
That's a whole big list and remember your vote only counts if you send it to me as a
private message.
So, we're going to give you three minutes to do it, so send me those right now and in
the meantime we're going to hear the full version of Moment, a pretty cool Five Key
keep being a song here you go
Hontou wa mina kutei
Just make a real moment
Latafume luta kere
Sono irisaki gashiru
Kakomo mila imo
Oh
Stay at every moment
I'm not afraid of you
I'm not afraid of you
I'm not afraid of you
Just make a real moment
After listening to three hours of them, you'll want to ski into a tree head first.
Under Sedation Live with Travis, Rob, and Jessica, Saturdays, 6.30 p.m. to 9.30 p.m.
at understudationlive.org
that's right you are listening to orange lounge radio where we've been
determining via our chat room in a little process we call listless
the best 2DX song ever
So our chat room has voted. We came up with our own little lists here.
Chat room didn't agree with our lists. They didn't agree with some of the songs we knocked off, but that's just the way it works. We're sorry.
But the chat room has voted, and we do have a winner.
We have a few winners. We have, in third place for Best 2DX Song Ever is...
Star Mine!
Yay!
Second place for Best 2DX Song Ever...
Love Will!
Yay!
and
the best to the x on as voted by our chat room
absolute was voted the best to the x are there are
and i don't know
expected
i don't know what has to do with them
what if it has to do with the fact that this also happens to be in that
d r whatever
at but absolutely happy
I mean, when you listen to Absolut, how can you just not want to stand up and dance a
little jig to it or something?
It's kind of like it got that medieval sounding thing to it, and it's just like, I'm in the
castle and I'm going to go joust, and I'm going to eat big slaps of beef.
The only joust that I do is on the Atari 5200, thank you.
Alright, so once again, third place was Star Mine.
I'm sorry, wait, hold on one second.
When I hear Absolut, I definitely do not think of like, going and jousting.
Where the hell did that come from?
It comes from the fact that Ultracade happens to be right there, which has joust in it.
So when...
You've been watching too much Alanis Morissette videos, haven't you?
Her precious illusions, medieval...
I didn't even think of that, no, no.
They don't joust in that video, shut up.
Go make a jousting freestyle.
Shut up!
Go make a jousting freestyle for DDR.
Maybe I will.
I just might.
But you have to come out on the bird.
You have to have the bird from joust.
Will you be my bird, Jamie?
Just before you finish this, I'd like to say that I am very displeased with all of you
Because you took off the best songs, all of the songs I picked, and my opinion is the
only one that matters.
I am God.
What?
Okay.
I didn't.
I'm good.
Wait, where's my vomit?
Do the vomit.
Do the vomit.
Give me the vomit.
You have to say, show me the vomit.
Show me the vomit.
You can't handle the truth.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Guys, I love you guys.
I'm sorry.
Okay, I'm sorry. Guys, I love you guys.
Apologize to the chat room and say you're sorry and you love them.
I love you guys, chat room. How many people do we have in the chat room right now?
Thirteen.
Okay, I love you. All thirteen of you.
All at once?
Because Brad and I are the only people that have taste.
Oh, Jamie! As if I wasn't harsh enough.
No, you all have good taste. Absolutely is a good choice from the majority.
Yeah, I think absolute is pretty. It's fair. It's fair.
Alright, on the total, in another part of the country, in another dimension, we have
other news.
Yes, Matt?
Well, let's see here, since there's not really much sim news going on, since all the websites
are down because of bandwidth issues, we have one thing, the DDR East Coast Invasion DWI
contest, the results are in, and I'm very disappointed with them.
Now, that's your own personal damn opinion, by the way.
Hey, it's my personal opinion, you know, being the sort of sim expert here, and I've played
all of these
i'll give you that out of the people in this room you would be the same expert
okay has you been
you've been playing step mania do you know i know that before they were like
cool look like max and all that so i'll give you that yeah okay well
third-place uh... was evolution uh... i believe it was
by a mercury storm
memory serves me right i believe is evolution time is pop mix
remember correctly
uh... second place was naturally by the money really which should have taken it
and you know i'm very disappointed uh...
and first place was healing vision half mix which is like a remix of healing
vision with
healing vision angelic mixed together which
really got their retarded
by cn only and they got pretty little strongly there about that which is
retarded
now i'd like to add that if i had entered i would probably
now one but
that's just me
I thought you were going to be doing an entry with, can I say what you were going to do?
You were going to go ahead and do an era Good Cool Fat Mix, the kind of rap version era, which is by the way on our playlist for Bomani Music and More.
I was doing that and I kind of slacked off and procrastinated on it and didn't quite get it done.
So that's why I don't have it and I was even playing and making my own video and that would have made me win.
but you know unfortunately I didn't get a chance to enter it and they're still
gonna have some more contests so I'll plan on entering those I'll get some
done I've got a list of stuff I've got to make but you know I haven't had time
okay you just haven't had that you've been too lazy well actually the last
couple weeks I haven't had air conditioning and I couldn't sit at home
and program you know steps in like 102 degrees in my house so I said you know
the health it and went and played DVR and said chat room does a lot of fans
of the half mix there in the chat room. They seem to like it, some of them. Just to each
their own, I suppose. It was good, but it wasn't the best. Let's just put it out there.
Them's fighting words, Matt. Next time I will show them up. I'll be there. You'll be there
with bells on. Yes, I will be there. The next contest that they have, I will enter. You
will see Loki plaster something on there, so I will definitely enter. Alright, we trust
Looking forward to it.
On another completely random subject, something else we're going to be doing in the future
on Orange Lounge, we're going to be showcasing some original work.
We've got a supporter of the show who's in the chatroom right now, goes by the name Akil,
and he's going to be loaning us one of his MP3s, he wants to hopefully get into DDR.
We're going to showcase that in our Bomani Music and More program, and some people have
been sending us some of their own homemade remixes.
So Jamie and I are going to tear through some of those, and we might put a couple of those
up in a rotation, because we don't want to just draw the line on Bimani songs.
As you know, in our music show, we do sometimes put in songs we think ought to be in Bimani.
We put in some Parappa stuff just for laughs and other things, Pump It Up stuff, just because
it might as well be Bimani.
Something that we could even take live bands, if there's a local band in the area, we support
Guitar Freaks and Drummania.
Sure, sure.
If you've made a song and you think it deserves to be in DDR, 2DX, any of those games,
I say it's good enough for our station, so send it to us and we'll listen to it.
Yes, I have already gotten a few remixes, so Jamie and I are going through those.
I was sent a Hysteria remix by JB, and I believe there's also supposed to be a remix of Cowgirl
that he's going to send me pretty soon, so I'll have to take a listen to those.
And Kiel also has a pretty good Papaya mix there.
Oh yeah, I love that.
He'll go ahead and, if I ask him to, go ahead, Kiel, plug your website there in the chatroom, and he's got a great Papaya mix there, so if you're in the chatroom, go check that out, it's pretty funny. Pretty good stuff.
And I say funny because Papaya makes me laugh, just her voice, I don't know. Yes.
And I'd like to say that I do have some of Kiel's songs in my sim, I've got those off of the Imani Rulers site, and they're pretty good, I like them.
So lots of support, keep up the good work.
Cool. So we're going to be doing that soon. That's the future direction Orange Lounge Radio is going to be taking.
Gosh, I think we're damn near out of topics to talk about, so how about we just talk about other stuff?
How's your guys' week been going? Any funny DDR stories from the week?
Oh, well I think we might have toxic mold in our apartment.
Why's that?
Because I'm coughing up like thick white shit in the morning every morning.
Ew!
And no, wait, but the more important thing is it's making it hard for me to play DDR.
That's the most important thing.
Aw, you can't beat those Oni Choruses with these and your Double.
Well, no, man, Max Unlimited is really hard when you get into it and you're coughing up shit.
The way Brad plays DDR is really hilarious.
The way he dances when he does Doubles, it's like
the center of his body is completely on the other pad as to where his legs are.
And he's embarrassed. He's turning the color pink here, but it's so true. It's cool.
I love watching Brad do doubles because like it looks like those videos you ever seen those videos where they split the screen in half
And like the heads over here and the feet over here. That's what Brad looks like when he dances
But his style is absolutely awesome
And it's lanky lanky style
Yes, you know, I'm still think it's pretty cool to be able to pass catastrophes, you know
I don't care what said to say. Oh, we could pass the ball. We don't count I keep counts
so damn it. I passed my 16th catastrophic, yay. I passed Kakame the first time I played
it. God, that song was easy. I feel it was freaking easy.
You've been playing the katas since, what, second, third mix? I don't know. When did
you start playing the katas? I first started trying them when third mix
had just come out. I had second mix at home. Now, is it just me or are the katas getting
easier? You know, they are. My knee gave out on me
trying dead end last night, but dead end is still hard to me. However, I was thinking
that Kakamei was going to be this end-all difficult song because Burning Heat was so
freaking evil and Kakamei was just so damn easy.
And I feel, you know, people were saying, oh, I feel is so hard because the steps don't
make sense.
The steps make perfect sense if you just listen to the music.
That song was absolutely, it, Kakamei was slightly easier, but I feel it was easier
than some seven-footers.
I mean, it was that easy.
Yeah, I mean, I've definitely agreed.
I just have to say Jamie's opinion is spreading faster than Anna Nicole Smith's legs right
now.
Okay, I
Have to definitely agree that the cat is it being way easier the one the only few cat is I can't pass her off of
Third mix, you know, we've got Afro Nova which I'm talking about doubles here. Well, actually probably singles too
Okay, so I've got Afro Nova dead end. Well dead end that could pass singles, but not doubles and paranoia rebirth
I can't pass on doubles. I
Have my list somewhere. I'll go get it
I think they're just making I think they're doing away with cat is and while we have is like, you know foot rankings now
I don't see the word cata or anything like that anymore
And I think they're making the 10-footers the so-called cata's now because all the new nine-footers are just way too easy
And I really hope Konami
You know takes their head out of their ass and fixes it because I like the really hard
You know the super hardness of like you know max 300 next unlimited, but I want more songs like Afro Nova
Doubles maniac you know something like that's not extremely hard, but yet still a good workout
Now, one of my favorite katas, something I kind of liked about Max 2, was that a lot
of the steps started to go with the music a little better.
It kind of made a lot of the katas were actually fun to dance to, as opposed to just being
like a bunch of really fast eighth notes, you know?
One of my favorite katas, and I know this is an overplayed song, but just bear with
me, Sugaru, I think is one of the coolest katas because the dance goes with the music
so well that it's really fun to dance to.
What do you, do you agree with me, or?
Yeah, it's very good.
Sugaru was one of the ones they really, I think, they did a great job on.
I think that's one of the few Max 2 songs I could say they did not you know skimp on for us
But I have to say something before we go on somebody in there
It seems like a couple people don't seem to like primeval. Oh my god
Can you guys beat it on maniac doubles because try doing it down at AX where they have like dust all over it
And you're sliding all over
AI that's what I think you Jamie AI
Oh my god
Everybody in the entire arcade turned around to watch me
me try to beat that thing because you can't play, you can't stick to the machine on Afro
Nova Primeval Devils.
It's just, ugh.
So, yeah.
Let's see you try it.
You know what I have, this is my opinion of what Akata should be, is a song that you should
not be able to beat your first time, and at least three on max two, I have gone and beaten
instantly.
Well, like, you know, some of the songs were actually the first time I'd actually ever
tried them, the ones they upgraded to Nine Footers.
Well, I mean, of course I've done, you know, Burning the Floor, because, you know, that
was my song.
know that that was probably a mistake on Konami's part.
Like end of the century, I beat it first try and they upgraded it to a nine.
I'd finally just gotten around to trying it.
Paranoia case, not paranoia, yeah, case set, the clean mix.
They upgraded that to a nine.
You have to remember also, Jimmy, you're getting better, so you're going to start beating more
things on the first try.
You still shouldn't be able to beat a nine footer your first time.
Do you think that's why they've invented, I guess, so to speak, the ten footer?
Because now they're going to start adding songs that are ten feet that you're just not
going to be able to beat your first time although there's going to be people out
there that just you know they're so good at DDR at this point you know they're
going to beat it the first time because there's nothing Konami can do. I still
think the game you know I'm glad I put in the Oni courses because that keeps
the challenge but that's like a PA challenge they need to have I mean
there's not really any way to increase the difficulty past where it is there's
not really a way I mean unless you're going to be stuff I can't pass today
that's the one that gives me issues. You could do you could do a six panel if
they made six panel more than just solo I mean could that be a new challenge?
still kills me.
Yeah, I mean, Six Metal's a little crazy, but...
Solo sucks anyway.
They need to stop making difficult songs and make fun songs.
I mean, there's a lot of steps out there that are pretty difficult, but the steps are just
not fun.
Like, Hakumei, it sort of flows but doesn't.
I feel it kind of feels like you're in a car with someone trying to learn to drive.
It just starts going, stops, starts going, stops, starts going, stops.
I feel it follows the back pattern in the music.
Well, it does.
It's just like every edit I make.
It does, but the problem is maybe that doesn't flow quite as well as they could have done
it.
See, I didn't really think it did not flow, but then again, that's what I listened to.
It's just weird.
It's weird to dance to.
It's so kind of like off and weird.
I didn't think it was weird at all.
But then again, for anybody who's ever played any of the edits that I make, you know what
it is that I listen to in the music.
Which is a pretty popular thing to do with edits, to find another instrument in the song.
One thing I always, I think, are interesting about catas is the ones where your feet kind
of make another instrument.
An example of this I think would be either a Santa Milette or Orion.
I guess Santa Milet is not really a cata, but you know, it's a difficult song.
And Orion, 7-8, it's like your feet kind of make another instrument.
Those are kind of cool catas because they take a while to kind of learn how to play
that instrument, and then your feet kind of make a new tune.
I kind of think those catas are fun.
That's sort of the basis for another.
Yeah.
For my D-X-Y, I did another.
Which the challenge is still out there if you want free food, okay?
You want to just run over your challenge one more time?
Okay.
For anybody who can either full combo or 90% perfect attack my DXY edit another, I will
take you out to a dinner of up to $15.
How does that sound?
Of course, provided I can afford it.
Keep in mind, I'm unemployed right now, I may have to owe you a rain check, but I will
definitely, the first person who does it, you are getting taken out to a nice dinner.
what do we hear I want my GC okay okay yes this has to go for the second the
second challenge for whoever can full combo my look to the sky at it was a you
know at least a 90% perfect attack then you get a free game cue pin which is
still in my purse Oh tennies if you can send me proof that it's been passed to
then send me a photo of the screen, you know, or a video or something. Send me, you know,
physical proof and I will be sending you a GameCube pen.
All right. Pretty cool. We still have three minutes left. Anybody got any other closing
thoughts? Just for anything. It doesn't have to be Bomani. Anything you guys want to talk
about? Yeah. My spoon is too big. Austin Powers 3 coming out this Friday. Oh, yeah. Same jokes
I don't think they can do that.
I don't care.
I want to go see it.
Everyone is pointing them at me?
We can't pick it up.
We want comments from Irene.
I'm sorry.
All I was going to say is that I got a different car.
Wow.
Congratulations.
You finally got rid of the Golf, right?
Yeah.
All right.
Way to go.
Actually, I need people to do me a favor.
What's that?
For people, it doesn't matter what part of the country you're in.
I asked some people to help me find an 83 Toyota Corolla AE86 hatchback, so I can have
my trainer one ended up like the initial D-car.
If anyone can find one or has one for sale, let me know.
I will buy it.
And Eight-Legged Freaks was okay.
Go see it though.
That looks so retarded.
It was a drive-in movie.
It looks retarded.
Okay.
I went and saw it.
I based my opinion on the trailers.
best way to describe it. It was better than Tremors, but not quite as good as Gremlins.
It was just campy. It was meant to be campy. It was meant to be stupid. The whole point
is that it has very little plot. You just watch a bunch of people try to survive spiders,
and that's the whole movie. It's a drive-in movie. It's meant to be cheesy and corny.
It's paying homage to all those giant monster movies of the 50s.
It was better.
You know, arachnophobia, when I saw that, I went to go make out with somebody.
You dog!
They didn't have eight legs, did they?
I wasn't watching the movie.
Okay, on that note, I believe we are going to put the nail in the coffin of this show
now.
Join us next week.
Once again, we're going to be joined by special guests Mel B and Melody are going to be here
to talk about, oh, God knows what.
And after this show's over, why don't you listen to our Bamani Music and More program,
playing 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, when this show is not on the air.
And we're going to be putting new stuff this week into the rotation, all sorts of new crap,
including some of the stuff you heard tonight on the show.
And I believe that's about it.
I can't think of anything else you want to say, Jimmy?
I'm going to go officially brain dead once the show's over, so I have nothing else to
say.
Alright, sounds good.
Thanks everybody for listening, we'll see you next week at 7 o'clock.
If you missed any part of the show, we'll be rebroadcasting tonight's show tomorrow
night at seven o'clock Pacific Standard Time.
Have a good night everybody.
Thanks for listening.
Good night.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Jamie Summers, also known as Dark Sakura, and Rob Roberts,
also known as Sky.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Remember kids, that glue you use in school, it's made from dead horses!
No Wilbur, it's just a sprain!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Stream will now be switched from live broadcast to basic broadcast and you'll be
