Monkey, monkey, monkey, monkey, a monkey, monkey, monkey, I'm gonna be a monkey, a monkey, monkey, monkey, would you like to be one too?
Okay, if you wanna be a monkey, you gotta learn to act like a monkey.
And I've got to know how, cause I've seen every garden movie ever made.
So watch and learn!
Hey everybody! I just made up a song and I hope you can sing along with me.
It's called I'm a Cucumber. Here we go. One, two, three, four.
I'm a cucumber. I'm a cucumber. I'm a cucumber. I'm a cucumber.
I'm a cucumber, I'm a cucumber, please don't take me to the pickle farm, bum!
Ta-da! Da-da-da-da-da! Thank you very much everybody!
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
The following program is intended for mature audiences.
on orange lounge radio episode number 165 more diggin fart jokes with Bahmani
we're gonna talk a lot tonight about catching up with Jamie cuz um you know
it's been a little while cuz she's been bogged down by viruses and hopefully
she's not Mike's Mike's off here I've had the play there you go and hopefully
she's not contagious because we don't all want to catch bubonic plague highly
But we might all catch Ferret, we shall see on tonight's episode. Also tonight, your calls and such, and more information on DER Strike, and, um, Miklotov's in the house for a little bit, um, to talk about his love for something that isn't a video game.
I know that. And God knows what else tonight on the really big program. We'll be back after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
could be a
but
are
the
the
where
Oh, God!
Heh heh heh heh heh! Call me daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...bluh-uh-bluh-chuh-bluh-caw-key.
Just kidding! Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Why isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
We are live and this is episode number 165 for this November the 27th of 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want, and this is Orange
Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games as
well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts in this corner.
Welcome back, the happiest bunny on the farm, Dark Sakura.
Hi.
How are you?
I don't know.
You say you're still coughing right now, that's not picking up on the mic, but you don't sound
sick.
Like the last two weeks, you sounded sick, but now it's kind of one of those, you obviously
have a virus or something, because you don't sound sick.
I don't have a virus.
It's bacterial.
My voice does, on occasion, come and go.
That's why I didn't really talk much today.
Yeah, but you sound pretty solid tonight, so good job.
I apparently have whooping cough now.
Yeah, we're going to play the Wheel of Infection, I think Sloky called it.
Wheel of Infection, turn, turn, turn.
Show us which disease Jamie should have.
The thing is that whooping cough is something you're inoculated against when you're younger.
Only it apparently has something like some 10, 20% chance of hitting you when you're older.
fun huh exciting yay diseases so we'll be talking diseases with jamie tonight also in that corner
we'll be talking hamburgers with loki i'm almost done how how how is your biggest gainer adventure
going it's it's going i haven't had mcdonald's though in a week at least well that's that's
at least an accomplishment i mean i had um turkey this week so all right no time for mcdonald's but
no i actually just i kind of wanted some quick didn't have anything so i got two cheeseburgers
which is a lot better than having like a double quarter pounder, I mean, obviously.
I guess, but you know what would be really good would be like one of those fruit and walnut salads would be a really good choice.
Well there's a problem here, I don't eat-
That's actually worse.
Really?
I don't eat salad.
If you use half the walnuts, don't use walnuts.
The heavy sugar, I mean it's candy walnuts.
Only I only use half the walnuts, cause I know that they're candy walnuts and they're not that great.
And dried fruit is even higher in sugar than, yes it is.
And I don't like nuts.
It concentrates the sugar.
I hate the regulars. I don't like their regular salads. If I'm going to get a regular salad, I want like Fresh Choice, a real salad place. I can't do McDonald's salads. But anyway.
I'm eating one of their salads right now and I find it highly tasty. I don't like it. I can't do it.
I hate salads. I hate the taste of lettuce. I've tried it numerous times. I do not like lettuce. It's awful.
Lettuce is something I used to hate as a child, but I like it now.
I don't care for lettuce. I prefer spinach and it has spinach in it.
Spinach is good. Anyway, we'll talk plenty of food later throughout the show.
throughout the show but also say hello to the one and only mikatov
are you playing mario kart online right now? no i'm trying to unlock rob
well i'm right here
got him funny
he's working on the chassis he built
i somehow highly doubt that
how far are you in unlocking rob you almost there?
uh... i have like two more races and then yeah
i think that will stop interrupting him entities
he's very thin like in playing his mario kart over there so will
we'll take a break mario kart today if you actually doing the show
again
i refuse to play
when we get it i want more information on this when we come back we're gonna
take a quick break though
uh... and i can't wait to tell this week so i'm in a very ten stylish mood
uh... so we're placing music content style
and we'll come back and to our show
sojourner charam dedicated or something to come
we'll be right back after this first started off with uh...
start up with a strong a song called strong woman
was the s songs
hopefully it works out i just got this before the show started so i hope it
works
with that as a moral
I didn't get a chance to cry But I just ain't got no way to go
I'm gone.
I'm gone.
Well, I was just a friend for you.
I won't let you down.
I can't.
Will it be all right?
I'm going down to Redwood, I'm gonna have to yell
I can't hear you, I can't hear you
10-1-1
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, we're in the middle of episode number 165,
if you can believe it.
I was just kind of thinking about today, you know,
165 doesn't sound like a big number. Would you consider that that's one a week?
That is an awfully long time. 165 weeks.
And that doesn't even count weeks off and stuff, because we're entitled to a week off once in a while, dammit.
Yes, Loki?
Thought. You have your finger up in thought.
Your mic's not on, but...
Why'd you turn the mic off?
Bad you.
Is 169 going to be on New Year's Eve?
I don't know, but we have to decide and we can worry about this next month if we're going
to do shit.
Because I think, isn't Christmas and New Year's Eve on a Sunday this year?
Yep.
Both are.
See, I don't know if we want to do shows then.
I don't know about you, but I'm not going to be here on Christmas.
Yeah, New Year's Eve, definitely not, because there's other things I've got to do.
So we might be taking some time off for the holidays.
And you know what?
We earned it.
So shut up.
No one's going to be listening.
Anyways, they're going to be out.
We'll do a marathon or something special.
We'll pre-record a little special treat for, yeah, nobody's going to want to listen to
on New Year's Eve. Come on. People are going to go out to parties and stuff. Maybe the
dude that records us every week will record the station to see what was here. Actually,
there's several people that are recording us, but I don't see a big demand for programming
on New Year's Eve. Now, I've got to talk to Jess over at DDR Freak and see if we want
to do something special on New Year's Day again, although I don't know. The last time
I proposed the idea, it was kind of this general meh across the board, so we'll have to see.
I was kind of met with this general, meh.
We'll see.
Are you sure that any of us are going to be in any shape to do any kind of broadcasting on New Year's Day?
Now, last year it went okay. Everybody had a hangover, but it went okay.
Who doesn't get hangovers in this room?
That would be me!
Okay, granted, but you know.
And me?
Oh, whatever. I don't care.
I can't get near alcohol poisoning, but I don't get hangovers. Go, Gray.
greg okay
and that lots of good points in the chassis now the chair lighting up
what about jewish people they want to show on christmas
uh...
we can do the uh... hanukkah special and it starts the day after christmas i
want to do it like a uh... kwanzaa special or launch radio kwanzaa special
while you do the generic holiday special maybe we'll see the pick your holiday
special will do will do uh... more zone celebrates hallmarks christmas
but they'll be a hallmark presents the orange laundry will get extra for in
here to uh... share some uh...
stories
with the hallmark trimmer
uh... let's see what else they say in general there um... nobody's doing us
for not wanting to do a christmas episode
bitches
well excuse me maybe we'd like to spend time with our families
we want to open up presents that's a very important part of christmas day
i want christmas nookie dammit and i'm not going to be here
Exactly! I want Christmas Nookie, too.
Anyway, how was Thanksgiving? Did you get any Thanksgiving Nookie?
No. I'm still too sick.
I ate my food, and then I got in such a bad headache
while trying to watch Dan play Perfect Dark Zero,
which was a very pretty, very pretty game.
Actually, it wasn't Dan who was giving me the headache,
it was watching his friend who completely sucks at that game
being, like, an absolute retard playing it. So, uh, I, uh, I mean, it was, it was really
making some dumb mistakes. So, uh, I just sort of laid back and, uh, threw a pillow
on Dan's lap and passed out. And I actually did fall asleep for something like two hours.
But you're sick, so you can. I still feel crappy.
I'm starting to get a sore throat. I wonder if you've infected me.
If I have whipping cough, it's highly contagious.
But if you've already been inoculated, you have an 80% chance of not getting it.
Well, we'll see.
I don't know. We're probably all going to be sick next week. It'll be horrible.
I might.
Anyway, as long as we're talking about Thanksgiving, we might as well talk about your week and your day.
So, Dark Sakura, how was your week? How was your day?
How was my month?
How was your month? It's been a little while since I've been here.
It involves lung cookies and homework, and that's about it.
I slept 16 hours yesterday.
I slept 17 hours last Saturday.
I had lung spasms at work Friday and had
to go home the week before.
And yeah, I've been really, really crappy sick
and haven't even felt much like playing anything,
let alone sitting up and going to work.
But I did play.
I opened World of Warcraft and then shut it down.
And then last night around 1 a.m. I played some We Love Katamari
and then started getting really motion sick.
It's like my stomach has gone between being ravenously hungry and being very
nauseated.
So, trying to play We Love Katamari while being highly nauseated anyway just spells disaster.
Spells don't make any plans, because it's all coming up.
That's one way of explaining it, I suppose.
working out your weekend
my week was good because there is turkey involved uh...
and then
it you know is very chaotic we got my car fixed finally
and that was cool so
then i had turkey
that was also good
under the rest of the week
you know last four days is really trying to be productive
but that didn't happen
no instead i'd kind of watered around a black friday trying to see if there's
any three sixties around
Oh, give me a break! I mean, would you really think you were going to find a 360 on Black Friday?
No, I just wanted to get out of the house.
So I went and picked up another game for the 360 I don't have yet.
So I have Cameo now. Luckily there's a used copy. Someone already put out a used copy.
That's interesting. It's probably a review copy or something.
Something like that.
Yeah, not like any of the copies I bring back are. Anyways, then I went to Best Buy
and wandered around there for about a few seconds. They have quite a few Xboxes and
the PS2 Slims. They were blocking off aisles with them. I'm like, okay, I get the point
that you have lots of these systems available. Not the one I'm looking for, but I don't know.
I just kind of fed up with Best Buy. Dude, why were people lined up at 10 o'clock
Thanksgiving evening outside Best Buy, like they were camped out for Black Friday? Can
Can you give a microphone to make it sound?
There were like computers for like $150.
Diesel ones?
I think so. Yeah, and laptops for like $200.
Wow. I don't know. Hell, maybe I should have camped out too.
They had some HP computers or something. I don't know.
I just didn't really want it.
Didn't Walmart do some type of like $400 laptop or something too?
They were talking about it and I don't know if they did or not.
It was a big mess.
But, um, I actually went to GameStop, um, that day, thinking, oh, well, the GameStop by my house is normally not crowded at all.
They have, like, a friggin' line of seven people in there, like, at about noon. It was crazy.
Because I wanted to see, first off, where it was on the Xbox 360, you know, pre-orders, and, um, also, you know, whether or not they had any accessories and stuff, and possibly games.
But now I'm to the point now I have the four games I kind of wanted, and there's really nothing else I want, um, except for maybe DOA 4, but, um, once that comes out, there's nothing I want for at least a few months.
And, actually, looking at my list of games coming out, there's nothing coming out for the 360 until February.
It's like PSP syndrome all over again, or Nintendo DS.
That's crazy though, I mean, even, excluding the delay on Dead or Alive 4, you would actually have two months of nothing for the 360, and I mean, that's pretty bad.
When's that Baldur's Gate coming out? Did that get pushed all the way back to February?
Elder Scrolls is coming out in April or March.
Why did I say Baldur's Gate?
It's Elder Scrolls, I think March now, or March or April, I can't remember.
The only big games coming out in December is nothing.
The only real game worth mentioning is actually just Gauntlet Seven Sorrows.
That's it. That and Dead or Alive, because Dead or Alive got pushed back.
Gauntlet Seven Sorrows is also coming out on the other systems too, so it doesn't really matter.
Well, that's not on the 360, I'm just talking games in general.
Oh, shit.
And then for the month of January, 25 to life, which would be pretty big.
Well, January is a very slow period for games, just as it is for movies, because after the holidays, there's really nothing up again until the early spring period.
Probably there's going to be a very big lull between the holidays and probably summer. There usually is.
Yeah, it should be...
There's a couple of big titles in February and March. I think we're getting Prime Hunters on the DS somewhere in there.
March? Yeah. Well, you get a couple of big titles. That's about it.
I don't know. I'm thinking now I gotta put down my money for a Revolution and a PS3 if I want them.
PS3 I'm not so worried about because they haven't even really announced a date for that yet, and I'm thinking it's not going to be until the fall anyways of next year.
Revolution, though, I'd be wanting to pick up.
I think Revolution and PS3 will both be out by next Christmas, I really do.
I think they're gonna rush them just like Xbox Rush to get out there, but I think they'll be out there by Christmas.
Revolution, they've been taking their time on, so...
Yeah, but I think, you know, the fact that they haven't said a lot about it, I think is a good sign.
I think it's gonna be like a Nintendo 64 launch.
Comet? Sorry.
I'm just seeing the 360 going the way of the Dreamcast.
Interesting.
There's a lot in common.
I saw that story on 1UP.com that shared what they had in common, but that's the same marketing
guys behind them both, isn't it?
I don't get the commercials.
They're stupid.
I haven't even seen an Xbox 360 commercial, but I...
Well, you probably don't even realize it is an Xbox 360 commercial unless you watch it
all the way through, because they don't say or show anything about the Xbox 360.
They show kids playing in really cryptic, artistic crap, and then they go, Xbox 360!
It reminds me of this commercial we made for our economics class.
It was basically a bunch of kick-ass clips of action sequences during movies, like explosions
and people getting beat up and stuff, and at the very end, buy bumper stickers.
And that was it.
That was the whole thing.
And this is kind of like the whole 360 thing is, you know, you show a bunch of kids playing
and having a water balloon fight or something, 360, it's like, you look at it, you're like,
what the hell, I don't get it.
That doesn't say anything about the system, what it does, what it is, it just shows kids
playing.
Okay, so the 360 is a watermelon launcher? I mean, what the hell is it?
It's stupid.
Makes me glad I don't watch TV.
I barely watch TV at all, and even the few shows I do watch, thanks to the lovely DVR we have,
I fast-forward through all the commercials, so I don't have to watch it.
So that's why I'm like, oh, there's a funny commercial? I don't know.
Anyway, anything else you want to share about your week and your day?
No, that's pretty much it.
I went to GameStop on Black Friday as well, but I went to the one near here, and the line
was only about one, two people, like it usually is, nothing extraordinary, although the store
was crowded, but a lot of people that were in the store were just stupid kids, as are
usually in that GameStop, stupid kids, like a bunch of kids just randomly like ran out
of the store and ran out around the corner, and I thought they stole something or something,
but nobody ran after them, so I'm guessing that's a good sign, but yeah, GameStop around
here, just this particular one near me is very strange.
Anyway, I picked up Dragon Quest VIII, because I'd seen that game earlier in the week, and
it looked pretty cool, so I wanted to pick it up and play it.
And also the Final Fantasy XII demo, which is very, very sexy.
I'm going to let you borrow it so you can see it, because it's very sexy.
No need.
Oh, you already got it?
I found...
I found...
You acquired it.
I acquired it.
I see.
You acquired it through your various contacts.
Do you need it, or do you already have it?
only about the final fantasy 12 demo which is pretty cool i have the trailer it's a playable
demo this one oh no i don't you want to borrow it pretty cool okay very cool sounds like
it was like 11 i just got the dragon warrior 9 or whatever one there's a whatever the new
dragon dragon quest yeah about the actual game dragon quest 8 dragon warrior dragon
Well, they re- they went back to their old quest, because Squeenix is doing this whole
mea culpa. Yes, we did change the names of all your games. We released them in the U.S.
for Nintendo through Nintendo. We fixed. I'll talk more about Drag Quest on the podcast,
but yeah, I like that game. And been playing a little bit of Mario Kart here and there,
and World of Warcraft a little bit, a little bit, not a whole lot though, and that's about
it.
I think what else I did in my personal life, as far as, oh, sorry, I'm using the crappy
mic tonight, so if my voice fades in and out just because I'm on the crappy mic tonight.
I didn't really do anything for Thanksgiving, because I have a small family, so it's just
me, my mom, and my dad, so we just went out to eat, because my mom was like, forget it,
I'm not going to spend 100 bucks on cookie turkey, just, you know, for three of us, so
We went out to eat, which was cool, because we went to a fancy shmancy restaurant that
was open on Thanksgiving, so it was nice to be, you know, snobby for a day.
And that was about it for my Thanksgiving, I didn't do a whole lot else, I hung out with,
you know, the guy I'm seeing the rest of the day, that was about it, because he didn't
have a whole lot going on either.
And that's about it.
It's just been very nice to have these past few days off of work, because I'm not going
to have a vacation like this again until like February, because I'm taking some massive
time off in February, and it's just very nice to have a break. So I feel very charged, I'm
very relaxed tonight. I hate this mic. I'm in a pretty decent mood, all things considered.
But yeah. So Miklotov, you're here. I know you're in the middle of a race, but you gotta
pause that for a minute. And of course we have to give the disclaimer that, you know,
even though he works for Konami, don't read into too much of anything that he says, because
he's not here to represent Konami tonight, he's here to represent himself. Yes? As usual.
So, how was your week? How was your day?
My week was pretty boring because all I do is work.
Mario Kart has taken over our office every break, almost every lunch.
We play eight player matches. It's really fun.
I love hearing that at Konami you'll play games by other people all the time.
Of course.
I'm sure all the other companies do it too. It's just kind of neat, you know.
Yeah. We even use our DS's that we're not supposed to use for actual gaming to play because not everybody has a DS there.
there and then I saw rent which is an amazing movie don't say anything it's
your moment I'll let you have your movie movie I saw it twice actually and I
picked up Brokeback Mountain two books of it and the soundtrack and it's
amazing how do you buy two books of Brokeback Mountain um well they
They released a standalone.
It's really just a short story from a collection of cowboy western stories.
So I picked up the book that had all those short stories in it, and then they also released
the one for the movie that's coming out, and I picked that one up also, and the soundtrack.
And I'm in love.
A lot.
Okay.
And the movie comes out when?
December 9th.
I thought it was next week, and then to my horrible, horrible dismay, it's actually two
weeks from now. So now next week's going to be depressing because that's all I was looking
forward to. I'm sorry. It's okay. There'll be other things to make you happy. Nope. Go
see Rent again, it'll make you feel better. No, I'm just going to have to read the book
every day like I planned on doing anyway. So speaking of work, any songs you've been
hearing a lot at work lately? Any songs get stuck in your head? No. Anything that you've
Have you, by chance, maybe been spinning a turntable or making some, uh,
arrows, stomping noises too?
I refuse to, uh, comment.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
I have to try.
The listeners would get angry and say that, you know, we're far, so I didn't try.
Oh, oh, wait.
The Mario Kart music.
Oh, and, and, and a lot of random 90s music I've been listening to at work lately, but
nothing to do with DDR or anything like that, so don't read into that, just, that's what
I play when I'm doing work.
So I hear rhythm is a dancer a lot.
I've never... I don't know if I can say that. There was something that happened once that
involved work and somebody hearing a song a lot that was really, really funny that happened
once.
Dave & Busters?
Yeah. Can I say that on the air? I don't know. It's in the past, so I can say that now, right?
I won't say who it was. I'll just say somebody. It wasn't me. Somebody who also is very close
with Konami said...
Used to be.
Yeah. Well, whatever. It was this song that was playing on the Dave & Busters radio station
And she said, or he or she said, she said, he or she said, he or she said that, um, fuck,
I don't know if I can continue the story now, I don't know if I can continue the story now
because I don't want to get anybody in trouble.
They don't work there anymore.
Alright, it's fine.
The person said that, oh man, I can't get this song out of my head because I've been
hearing it at work so much lately, and I'm like, oh really?
Turns out it was an Ultramix 2 license that nobody knew about yet at the time, so it was
really funny.
I don't know.
Anyway, that's in the past.
Oh, and the rest of my week was watching that Next clip constantly.
Yo, what's that about?
Tell them about the show that we watched.
Hey, there's this show called The Soup on E!
And they show...
Yeah, it's great.
They show clips of random TV shows, reality shows, other types of shows, and they have
This clip of the MTV show called Next, and this stupid little Asian chick was getting
off the Next bus, because the whole premise of Next is you have these five people you're
going to date for 20 minutes, pretty much, and you tell them next to get the next one
to come out.
She's walking out of the van thing, and she's doing her little spiel for the camera.
As she's saying that, she falls down the steps.
It's really funny because they freeze frame on her falling down and she has the best expression
on her face.
It's somewhere between laughing and just shock.
It's really great.
And she was a stupid whore anyway.
I love how he's like, I just wanted you to walk over here because I wasn't sure if you
were okay or not, next!
That was nice.
Let's see.
Oh, I know what I wanted to ask you about as well.
One little work-related thing that I'm okay to say, I think, is that you met L.E.D.
Yeah.
You met L.E.D.
How was that?
I got to have dinner with L.E.D.
Really?
Ooh, yeah.
Was it a nice dinner?
Like, did you guys go to a fancy restaurant?
We went to TGI Fridays, because he wanted American.
Well, that's good stuff.
Yeah, it was pretty good.
Oh, and you probably can't say much about the details of what you guys talked about,
but anything interesting that you might be able to share, like, in, you know, is he...
Maybe, feel free to pass on this question if you have to, but does he seem to be aware
that he has quite a following here in the US?
I don't think that was brought up, but I think he would have to be stupid to know that.
I don't know what I can really say from the dinner, but there was one funny thing.
He asked us, it was me and a couple of other people from work, and he asked us what types
of music we listened to, and I was saying, at the time it was like I was listening to
drum and bass a lot, and I also said Eurobeat, and he kind of groaned, and said Eurobeat
after me, like, he was rather disgusted with that answer.
Aw, you make LED cry.
I thought it was funny.
You make LED cry.
I do.
That's great.
Yeah, it was funny.
That's cool.
Mm-hmm.
Good job.
All right, moving on, if you have nothing else to say for now.
Nope.
Brokeback Mountain's awesome.
something. You know what I think is interesting is that finally after this website's been
running for about three and a half years now, people are considering us like a legitimate
news source. So just for the record, where do you, remind our audience where you get
your information and why it's pretty reliable. My information comes directly from our buyer
because our buyer talks to Konami directly. I mean, these are, they give us the dates
so we know when product's coming out, so we know when we can sell it, when orders are
do, etc. So we have to know what the upcoming slate of titles is gonna be, and that's how
I know what movie titles and game titles, because I work at a freaking distributor,
so you have to know what's coming out when, so that's the tentative date. But, you know,
like, most games, dates shift around, like, weekly. So, you know, what might be March
today, could be January, could be March, or April, who knows? Like, for example, Tomb Raider,
the new one, Tomb Raider Legends, or whatever it was. The Tomb Raider, I don't care anymore.
Yeah, Tomb Raider, trying to reinvent herself, Tomb Raider. Anyway, that game was originally
slated for January. Moved to April, moved back to January, moved back to April, moved
back to January, and now it's in April. It's like they can't figure out when they want
to release a stupid game. But as a perfect example, usually Konami though, they don't
shift their dates around that much. It's usually a couple, and then once it gets closer to
it, it's set in stone. EA, on the other hand, they like shifting their dates all over the
damn place.
Q. How about Square?
A. Square? Not so much. But not many Square games come out. I mean, we've had two in the
last four months.
Q. Well, a question from the chat room. Advent Children, what's the status on that? You know
when that's slated to come out now?
A. That's 2B now still.
Q. Really?
It was going to be in February, then it was actually slated for the end of January, and
then now we have it as moratorium in our system, meaning that we don't have a date yet when
it's coming out.
Why are they doing that?
That's so crazy, because people are pirating this movie like, maybe that's why they're
doing it, because of the piracy they're going to have to go back and add all these extras
that people are going to want to buy the DVD for.
I'm thinking they're probably trying to, because people have bitched and moaned about the fact
Did they all have good box sets over here or anything like that? I didn't talk to the Sony guy. I always yell at him every time he comes in.
He used to have our Sony reps sit about four cubes down from me. So whenever the Sony people would come from Sony Pictures or whatever, I'd yell at them for not releasing Advent Children.
And, you know, I knew more about it than they did. And, you know, I was like, why aren't you releasing the box sets here? And they're like, oh, I don't know.
I'm sure that one guy who comes to your company makes all the calls on what they're going to be releasing.
Well, a lot of the people that come to our company are senior sales or whatever, so they do have somewhat of a say.
But, you know, they... I don't know. I don't know when it's coming out.
All I know is I've seen it. It's cool. Hopefully, it'll be coming out.
But, I don't know. I always keep the website updated. I post when it changes.
Another comment from our chatroom, from Ron Chan, chatroom by the way, orange-on-a-show-you.com,
click on chat, rumors are leaking out about theatrical release. That's kind of true, this
has been something that's kind of been circulating for a while now. We mentioned this on a podcast
like months ago, because I don't even remember why I picked up this bug. Now, I want to say
it was sometime around E3, I picked up a bug, no, it was later than E3. I remember, it was
a friend of a friend kind of thing, so take it with a grain of salt, but it was going
to be released in IMAX, that they really want to do an IMAX release for the movie, which
would kick ass. Don't get me wrong, it would be great. And probably Final Fantasy Advent
Children and IMAX would do better business than the last movie did here is all. Okay,
maybe not.
Yeah, they have Polar Express running right now in IMAX, but I think it needs to be in
IMAX. I mean, that would be awesome if it was in IMAX. Who knows? And if that's the
case, it's going to take a long time to print digital to the IMAX film store.
Since the movie's all digital as it is, it won't take that long to enhance, so to speak, for the movie.
Not really.
Let's go to break.
When we come back from this break, we're going to open up the Skypline, for sure we'll do that.
And also I want to talk a little more about Xbox 360.
This is kind of the launch week for 360.
And I want to talk about 10 style at some point.
And I want to talk about other news going on in the Bomani world, because we have a little bit.
So we will be back after this.
Just some Bimani potpourri this break, no real theme.
And we'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio after this.
Showing me the way I've forgotten
I've gone too far in confusion
I've been lost
It may take some time
But somehow I only get
To my destination
Now I'm leaving it all behind
I don't know what it is I expect to find
But I'll always want you here by my side
Now I'm leaving you so behind
I don't know what it is I expect
To find but I'll always want you here by my side
Ciao with me
Ciao with me
You come with me now You come with me now
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
We're headed for pre-med
Until we stand tall
Maybe they see them, and welcome us all
So many like you to go, and things to be found
I'm still not alone, it turns out
Final Countdown
Final Countdown
I don't count down
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
So
Postcards live forever
The crane glass blows and
the wind
It would be a much better fight with you, with me
If you hadn't met me, I'd be fine on my own baby
Never felt so lonely then you came along
So now what should I do?
I'm strung out, addicted to you
My body aches now that you've gone
My supplies fell through
You glad you gave me everything you had and more
You craved my happiness
When you made me feel torn in each smile
But now I feel your stress
Love was never meant to be such a crazy affair, no
And who was I? But you never thought I'd sit around and crumble your love
The
the
the
the
the
the
the
Orange Lounge Radio, Bahmani Music, and more.
Perfect!
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio and that break you heard, uh, Come With Me from
UltraMix 3, Final Countdown from 2DX4 Style, You're Not Here from Silent Hill, and then
it was in, uh, DDR Extreme as well, and from Keyboard Mania 2nd Mix, Akumajo Dracula Medley,
which is also now in DDR UltraMix 3 as well.
By the way, speaking of Castlevania songs and Bahmani, I don't know if you saw that
early song list for Beatmania Distorted, is what they're calling it.
I still want to call it 13th style.
I know that's a taboo thing to do, is that no, it's not 13th style, it's Distorted.
But it does have 13 in the title this time, so I'm going to call it 13th style, until
I get yelled at.
But no, it's supposed to have Bloody Tears in it, like a remix of Bloody Tears.
That is going to be badass, because Bloody Tears was that song from Castlevania II, and
I can't even, I think part of it is in there, in that song, so it's going to be very awesome.
I can't wait for this.
What is this that you just pulled up there?
Ooh!
Ragnarok Online 2?
That's Ragnarok Online 2 preview?
Will you post that in our chat room so our folks can go?
That looks pretty fun.
Yeah, one of our podcast listeners, Daskay, wrote it to me.
Very cool.
We're going to have a really fun podcast as well.
We're going to post that in the chat room.
Ooh, that looks pretty.
Yeah.
This means that James is going to be quitting World of Warcraft awfully soon.
It's very fluid.
It's got a 3D fluid sense to it, where you're not, you know, warping into fights or anything.
Kind of reminds me of the Final Fantasy XII demo, I must say, actually.
A little bit, a little bit, except you're by yourself, but of course that would be to be expected in an MMO.
That's Ragnarok 2. Interesting.
And there's your customizing for your character outfits.
Our chat room is yelling now for a link, so you better link them up.
Throw in the whole door, sis!
Alright, uh, Loki, you had some interesting observations on eBay?
Well, yeah, I was just looking at the, uh, cause there was, uh, checking on there was this BeatMania, uh, final machine that was on sale for $99, um, before.
But, I looked at the guy that was selling, he's selling some other Bemani stuff, um, Keyboard Mania, uh, third, uh, $280.
Holy fuck, I want that. Oh my god, I don't know where I would put that in this little apartment.
City of Industry is where it's at if you want to pick it up.
Does that mean it's AI selling it? Cause AI's in there.
I don't think it's AI, but they're selling Dance Maniac's second mix.
Hold on, what, Jamie? What?
It had no buy it now on it, and it had many days left on the bed when I looked at it.
Mm.
Okay.
I'm sorry, go ahead, Lucky.
They have a 2DX Red machine for $5,100.
BeatMania, the final right now is only $152.50, but they have a bunch of stuff.
Initial D3, they have a Wang Dan Midnight Maximum Tune 2 racing machine for only $2,500.
Just a bunch of kick-ass stuff. DrumMania 5th, GuitarFreaks 5th, Dance Maniac 2nd, Extreme, and Boxing Mania.
Wow, that's pretty cool. I wonder if that's AI unloading all that stuff, because you know Arcade and Fitbit.
And they're in City of Industry, or at least they're right next to it.
Yeah, they all have a fifth mix, so...
They did, though. They did at one point.
Well, it's probably upgraded, though.
I kinda want that keyboard mania machine. I don't know why I'm so into keyboard mania, but I am.
I really want it.
If I had a house, I'd be getting something.
I don't even have a house and I want it.
The neighbors would kill- you know we have new neighbors now.
We just, uh, got some books moving in finally.
Just think of one thing, Rob. How the fuck are you gonna get that upstairs?
I don't care. I'll get- I'll get five guys over here to lift it.
We'll find a way.
We'll get a dolly.
I'd say rip that shit apart, but yeah.
No, I'm not really gonna buy it. I can't. I can't afford it.
Maybe next year. We'll see.
There's always stuff for sale.
Speaking of next year, it looks highly, highly probable I'm going to be at, uh-
Now, I haven't signed on the line and everything, but it was very, very probable, and I know
we have a lot of listeners on the East Coast who have asked me to hang out with them, and
I actually did.
When I went to Pennsylvania last time I was out there, I actually hung out with a couple
of listeners.
It was cool.
It was a good time.
So I'm down for that again, and the time and place to be at is Katsucon, which is going
to be in February.
I believe it's the 17th through 19th.
Don't quote me on that, but it's around there in D.C., and it's looking very, very likely
I'm going to be there and possibly doing a panel, which will be a lot of fun.
That would be fun. So I will let you know absolutely for sure
the details as soon as I know, and I've bought my plane tickets and everything, but it does
look very likely I'm going to be there. So I'm pretty excited.
I haven't been to D.C. in a long time. The only thing I'm kind of freaked out about
is that in February it might be snowing, right? Don't they get snow?
Yeah. This is the California side of me. Even though
it does snow in some parts of California, I don't live in one of those parts, so I'm
I'm so ignorant when it comes to snow.
I don't know. I've never been to DC.
I have before. It's fun.
Alright.
Uh, anyway.
Uh, moving on. We were going to do Extraverse movie review, but the room cleared out.
Did somebody fart or something? Because the room just cleared out.
His phone rang.
Megalotov ran out. Extraverse phone rang.
Megalotov's trying to pack his bags because they're leaving soon.
I had to go to the restroom. So, gosh. Anyway. Let's see, what else, what else, what else?
I guess let's talk about the 360 for a little bit. Some of the horror stories, did you hear
about some of the horror stories when it came to the 360? About like the Walmart that had
the riot somewhere in Pennsylvania, and there was an EB Games that got robbed.
I heard there were some funny ones. There was one where there was a big line out in front of this Wal-Mart, I think it was, or Wal-Mart or Target, something like that.
So a big line of people, and they had one cop sitting there making sure nothing was going wrong. Then this National Guardsman comes up, and it's like, holy shit, he's getting everything in order.
You know, immediately stands in the front of the line, gets a ticket to buy an Xbox 360, and is like,
FEND FOR YOURSELVES! And leaves.
What? That's crazy.
That's funny, is what that is. I'd be pissed.
I want to let Extrovert do his thing. We'll go back to the 360 in a little bit, but Extrovert's back in the room.
Do you have an important phone call you had to take?
I did have an important very important call.
Was it a hookup call?
It was definitely not a hookup call.
Booty call?
No.
No.
Okay.
Was the family call?
Is everything okay?
No.
Everything's fine.
You seem kind of bummed out tonight.
I know.
Is everything okay?
I'm just like tired.
Do you need a hug?
No.
Don't touch me.
Alright.
I won't.
I'm kidding.
How was your week?
How was your week, Extrover?
My week was fine.
It was like Thanksgiving and stuff.
Saw my family and went and saw Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire again.
did a lot better than the first time that I saw it.
I need to go see that again.
Yay.
Are you going to see that four times in the theater like better?
I can.
Oh, and it's the fourth movie, so you'll see it four times in the theater.
Get it?
Get it?
That's really retarded.
Don't say that again.
All right.
Well, I know you got to get going soon because you and Mickey have to get on the road, but
I wanted to allow you a chance to do your movie review.
Now, I know you hate your old theme music, so I changed your theme music.
Okay?
So, what movie are you going to be reviewing today?
I am going to be...
What is that?
Just do your talking.
Don't worry about what's going on behind you.
I'm going to be reviewing Rent because I went and saw it yesterday with all you folks.
And basically it's a movie about late 80s people trying to make it in New York
And I'm having problems financially and dying of AIDS.
Pretty much like you said yesterday, if you don't get a job, then you'll die of AIDS.
That was my summary of the moral I learned from Rance, is that if you don't get a job, you'll die of AIDS.
Right. Rob didn't really like it that much.
I hated Rance. I hated it a lot.
I liked it. I liked it quite a bit.
And I think that it's maybe because I really just am into musicals. I love them.
I liked the music in them. It was poignant. It had some really good moments in it.
Is that because you're gay? No way. I'm gay and I didn't like it.
No. I don't think that liking musicals is a gay or straight thing.
You can be a musical lover.
That's right. My mom's straight and she loves musicals.
Right. Bad example, Rob.
I like musicals.
They're very fun.
I like musicals, I just don't like rent.
I know, as I heard.
Many a time.
No, it was good though. I liked it, I really enjoyed it.
And there you go.
So two thumbs up?
Two cocks up and a limp cock.
Use protection, or you might catch something.
Oh, right.
Or else your cocks will die of AIDS.
Alright.
And make sure your cocks get a job.
Please get a job. A low job. Okay, I'm off.
Be careful not to sell out to the man. Yeah, don't do that.
Don't sell out to the man. Final thoughts?
Go see Rent. No, don't. You may like it, or you may not.
Alright. Get, get, uh,
X-er, X-er, get, uh, Miklota back in here so that he can say his goodbyes, too,
because I know you guys are leaving soon. Oh, Miklota!
there? Somewhere? Live radio, kids. We're not in an actual studio, by the way. This
is the spare bedroom in the apartment that Extrovert and I live in. It's quite a nifty
apartment. Alright, give that mic back to Loki. Alright. Back to the 360. Yeah. What's
the status on your 360 now? You pre-ordered your 360 back in, remind me when this was,
like June? August. August. And still no dice. No dice. I'm on the first page halfway down,
about. They said, though, that I will probably get mine before Christmas. And I'm guessing
they're saying, someone said in the chatroom that 14 units are going to each store each
week or whatever, so if that's the case, I'll probably get mine probably in two weeks.
Or why would 14 go to the Ma and Pa shop and bump-fuck, you know, North Dakota, but then
14 go to Best Buy? I think they're talking about like, TV games and stuff. Okay, well
that's... I don't think, no one knows until they get the stupid shipments in, so... Do
Do we know anything about future shipments of Xbox 360s? Because that's why I think it's interesting.
It is official that they will be shipping every week to replenish retailers.
So all those fucking people out there that are worried and bidding on stupid auctions that are going for 3,000 plus dollars for these stupid 360s
do not need to be doing that because they're going to be in stores.
There is no shortage, as I've been saying from the get-go, big deal.
They sold out so that their drive-up hype, they did that. Why would you drive up hype if you're not going to replenish the market? So it only makes sense.
You know, I have an interesting story to share real quick. I know you got to get going soon, so I want to give you a chance to say your final thought and any other things you want to say to the listeners.
Brokeback Mountain is the best thing ever.
Bearback Mountain?
Yeah, Bearback Mountain. It totally is if you read the book.
The book's only like 49 pages, so you can totally read it.
It's only like $10, go buy the soundtrack, go see the movie if you can.
If you like the notion of people butt-fucking and spitting on their cocks and having that
as a lubricant, then go see Bareback Mountain.
You know this is like an Oscar caliber film they're trying to put this out as, and you're
turning it into a porno.
Not to be confused with the one we watched last night, The Hornet Store.
Anyway, look, let's just move on.
Let's just move on.
All right.
Thank you guys for coming.
Have a lovely...
Have a safe drive back.
Drive safe.
Extra firm.
Drive safe.
And don't...
No drinking.
At the wheel this time.
All right.
Okay.
I had a friend on LiveJournal.
And I know this person doesn't listen to the show, so I'm okay to talk about this.
And it's behind a friend's lock post anyway, so none of you would know who it is.
And I told him I don't know how I feel about this.
This is somebody, he's not a gamer in any capacity, I mean I think he's like a casual
thing. You know how like most people our age have probably played Mario Brothers once in
their life, you know that's about it, but not, by no means a hardcore gamer. He rounded
up a team of individuals, they got I think eight people or something, and they managed
to get nine platinum Xbox systems on launch day, because they all camped out at least
24 hours in advance. So they all got nine platinum Xboxes. They sold all the systems
on eBay, and they gave each person that stood out in line and helped them out $1,000 for
their help, and they were very happy for $1,000 for their help.
And they still had, after that, had left over, I think, something like $8,000 that they put
$5,000 away for the baby's education because they have a new baby on the way, and the other
$3,000 they just spent on themselves.
And I told them, you know, I don't know what I think about this.
I replied to this, I don't know what I think about this because I think you're taking advantage
of people, but at the same time, you know, I blame the people that actually bid that
much on eBay and allow you to think that this is a viable option for making money, you know,
and I'm happy that as kids, because they're gonna invest the money, and I know they will,
I know they will be smart with their money and invest the money, and they will be able
to send this baby to a really great school, all based off of these Xbox 360 sales.
But as a gamer, I can't help but thank you, bastard.
I wanted one of those.
They're taking advantage on the desperation and relative stupidity of other people.
But who's to blame in that scenario?
I don't know.
They were well within their rights.
I think, you know, it's hard for me to put the blame on them.
I think they are within their rights.
They are smart.
They put the work into it.
They put it online knowing that there were gonna be morons out there who'd bid on them.
I know.
It's just...
I don't know.
It gets my attention.
I believe the idiot masses should be exploited.
I just can't believe somebody would pay like $3,000 and they got it.
They got it. They got like $3100 for each of these systems. It was crazy.
Crazy, crazy.
What can I say? People are dumb. But, you know, like I said, I'm just waiting.
But if I do find one in a store, you know, if Best Buy is getting, you know, 90 in each shipment or whatever,
and there's some sitting there, of course I'm going to buy one, because, you know, I can have it now,
and I can get my money back from my deposit on it, and whatever. It's no big deal. Really,
when I looked at the games and the four games that I got for it, I looked at, once I got
those four games, I still have like $70 in store credit. I'm like, what do I buy now?
And I looked at the list of everything that's coming out. I'm like, I don't want any of
this. And that's kind of what it is.
That's what's scaring me away from buying an Xbox 360 right now, is I really don't feel
like I think it's going to be the same thing with regular Xbox I had no reason
to buy a regular Xbox until halo really and even halo I wasn't a fan of halo
when I first played it but I converted I it's a first-person shooter I enjoy yes
you need to see perfect dark zero I do want to see Xbox 360 maybe it's all
about perfect dark zero okay well I need to be talking to you as an Xbox 360
owner which you you and the hubby got one of these systems all right okay we
didn't. Oh, I thought, I thought. I told you we decided not to. I know, but then I thought you went back and you
did. Yeah, we went and played somebody else's. Oh. And now we're gonna get one next week. Okay.
Because we are gonna get one next week. Gotcha. Okay, now I make sense. Okay, so you didn't
end up getting one, but you played somebody else's, so what'd you think? I
haven't, I've only played the demo kiosk. I haven't played an actual system yet.
There's a point where games can be too pretty, and Project Gotham 3 is too
pretty. The cars look like they float over the ground. However, you do actually
start off with performance vehicles as opposed to just eye candy, like one of your first
cars you can pick from is the Saleen Mustang, or the new Shelby, which actually isn't even
going to be out on the market to purchase until next year.
Now did you play this on like a widescreen HD type setup?
We played it on an HD TV, but nowhere near as huge as mine.
But still, I bet it was very pretty.
It was pretty, but it was too pretty.
I mean, like I said, the chorus looked like they were floating over the ground.
It does have good music in it, though.
Some really good original music.
Perfect Dark Zero was gorgeous.
The levels are humongous.
And there's lots of opportunity to shoot people.
Wait, do you see Ghost Recon 3? Oh my God.
Actually, I wasn't too interested in it.
He had it. It was boring.
What about Condemned? Because I remember you liked it.
Did you get a chance for Condemned yet?
It didn't have it.
Because I remember you liked that one at E3.
Maybe that was the Sega fangirl in you that liked it, I don't know.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm still waiting for Perfect Dark, and I'm probably going to do, maybe, Condemned.
Ridge Racer, if they send me a free copy.
But, the other one we, also, because that was another game they had there too.
No, it was the, whatever that war game was.
Call of Duty?
Call of Duty, that was it.
Call of Duty was kind of boring. It was pretty but
it's kind of boring. You know the weird thing is that the two games I want most on the
Xbox 360 I can get on another platform.
Quake 4 and Gun. Need for Speed Most Wanted having
compared the Xbox version and the 3, actually this is coming from Dan.
He compared the Xbox version which he's been playing non-stop and the 360 version
and said that actually the Xbox version plays better.
And the 360 version is apparently a slower game.
Cleaned up, but slower.
You know what I bet they're going to do on Xbox 360? It's going to piss me off.
Put out Soulcalibur 3.
That'll piss me off, because I've already bought Soulcalibur 3 for PlayStation.
I have this bad feeling they're going to do it. Why are you so sure they're not going to do it?
Why not? Milk more money out of us.
No, they've said they're not going to.
That was a rumor that was going around about it, and they said no.
Why not?
It's just stupid. Why wouldn't they do it?
Because it's exclusive to Sony. So was Resident Evil 4.
But Sony paid for the rights to have it exclusive before.
And if that's the case, it might come out maybe next year or something like that.
Yeah, I didn't say it's going to come out tomorrow.
It would come out, you know, months after it's announced, but I bet you Soul Calibur 3 would end up
getting released for the Xbox 360
outside of Sony's exclusive window, and it's going to have like two new characters or
something good that's going to make us all want to go buy it. And I'm going to be pissed because I already have it on PS2, but it's going to be prettier
On Xbox 360 gun, I would recommend getting it on the current-gen systems
because the 360 is not worth the 10 extra dollars you're paying for. It's the same damn game.
No prettier graphics or anything?
The texture resolution is a little bit higher. The character models
have a few more polygons. That's it.
Not like Night and Day. It's not like, you know, Call of Duty 2 and Big Red 1.
There's
uh...
major differences between those.
As far as Quake 4, I heard that there's problems with the frame rate in Quake 4 making it
and playable in parts because it's so slow on the 360.
Why didn't...
These kind of mistakes kind of just ruffle my feathers. I mean, and you hear about the Xbox's crashing and everything, and it's like,
if it isn't completely fucking obvious that you rushed to get this out on the market...
360, they said... I've read so many things about why it's crashing and overheating and stuff.
One of them, they said there's vent holes in them that some of them are getting punched out.
I didn't get to see the BSOD.
The black screen of death.
The power supply overheats and you have to put it on something that gets
proper ventilation. Yeah, that problem, they're reheating more commonly
when they're kept inside of an
entertainment cabinet. Oh, I see, I can see that.
Because I bet you in a testing environment they don't mimic that. They're so big because they have
a giant fan inside of them. It's retarded. I mean, put this stupid
thing on the system and, you know, forget about it. The hard drive, they said, is overheating.
Just a lot of heat problems. But then they're also, you know, saying, oh, it scratches disks
and stuff. Yeah, when you knock it over, like anything, if you're playing a CD and you knock
the damn thing over, obviously it's going to scratch your stupid CD. It's retarded.
But that's one other thing that was going wrong with it. Problems with the hard drive
being able to read stuff, just problems like that.
It's widespread.
And I haven't heard issues about live or anything.
And when I saw live, it looked pretty cool.
I think it's also a great idea that you can turn the system on
and off from the controller.
Oh, for real.
Now, that's kind of neat.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
And then I actually did get to see the iPod hookup,
which was pretty cool.
Interesting.
And one of our podcast listeners also
stated that you can actually play your iPod in-game.
Oh no, that's kind of cool. Play the music in-game.
And it comes out over your TV.
It's kind of an interesting little perk. You just can't rip stuff from
like a USB drive or anything. You can't rip
from an MP3 player to your hard drive. It has to be from a CD.
That's not too surprising. Yeah. That kind of feels like one of those last minute
things that Microsoft just kind of put in there. It actually lets out the music in-game.
Hmm. Interesting.
Alright. Well, um, so, I don't know. Me personally, Xbox 360, I think I'm gonna end up waiting until next year to see some more games that are coming out.
I was totally sold on getting one at launch, but, and had they been readily available everywhere, the impulse buyer in me probably would have done it.
Yeah.
So I'm kinda glad they weren't available everywhere.
I'm buying dance for his birthday next week.
That's a little different. Birthday, Christmas, you know.
I was staring down some of those core systems and stuff.
and stuff. And for example, there's another, there's websites out there where you can still
get a 360. There's a guy that's getting in 90 next week and he's an online seller selling
them for, I think slightly over what retail is or something. I don't know. But they're
out there. They're, just wait until next week when the next shipment comes in and see how
short they really are on these things. And I bet you anything that's gonna be, you're
gonna see them in stores regularly. Because it's, what's the point, like I said before,
driving the hype up if you're not going to replenish the supply. There's no point to
it. And that was the whole point. They want to make it the must-have item for Christmas.
If it's going to be the must-have item for Christmas, you've got to have some for Christmas,
so...
Yeah, I know. And of course, one of our chatters, Rene, reminding us of the golden rule of gaming,
a system is only as good as the games that are on it. And that, fundamentally, I think
is a problem. Well, there are some good games for Xbox 360, but for me, my kind of games,
the role-playing games and the other type of games, there's just not enough.
What I'm waiting to hear is I heard that the 360, some of the games may not be region-coded,
in which case they are not sure if they're region-coding everything or not, because if
they're not, then you can import like crazy.
I've heard that rumor as well. That would be, you know, it's, you gotta just do away
with that region-coding.
PS3's doing it.
If I pay 70 bucks to import a Japanese game, then shit, I should just play it.
PSP doesn't have region-coded games.
Neither does Dio.
It's about time they got rid of the...
I mean, I always thought...
I understood the reason behind it was to keep games per market
and track them and all kinds of other super-marketing crap.
But thanks to the internet, we live in a worldwide market now,
and I think people are coming to understand that.
That's what I was going to say, actually.
What I'm...
I'm sorry.
What I'm thinking is, the only regions they should have are PAL and,
you know NTSC. Well yeah, that makes sense. They should get rid of PAL altogether.
But isn't it, when we move into the HDTV age, isn't it all standardized?
Or am I wrong? It's still, maybe some tech junkies in the chat know.
Technically, I've played PAL discs using my DVD player on my laptop rather than through my TV.
It worked just fine.
Interesting. But I'm wondering in the HDTV, with the new HDTVs, because it's a new
Like, basically the issue between NTSC and PAL is resolution, right?
So aren't HDTV's resolutions standardized throughout the world, or am I wrong?
I think they are.
I do believe so.
Then good.
It's like using a computer monitor.
Yeah.
Then good.
Then we're moving towards a standardized there, too, so, you know, and that would be good
news for overseas people as well, at some point, because that's gonna, that's the reason
why it takes them so damn long to get their games, usually, is because they have to redo
all the resolution and stuff, so that's good news for them.
through multiple languages from the start, boom, done.
I know. We'll see what happens. Alright, we're going to do one more break. I know he said
we'd do skype line. We will do that when we come back. We're also going to do the cage
match and anything else we feel like. But I have to go potty, so that means...and Loki's
going to beat me to it. I have to go potty, so that means we have to break. So we'll be
back after this. In this break, we'll start it off with a little bit of Super Star. Remember
this song? Dark Sakura? We used to love this song. I still do, but...
It used to be my PA song. Dancing to this song was wonderful.
It used to be my P.A. song, Good Times.
You never beat me
And I'm just your partner
So let me just go
I can't even write what you made
Just write me down
It's going through retirement
And make a five point
You have done it, you got me
Cause you're mine and my whole life
You need to break
When your lines ain't changing
When you're lyrical to me
And when your style ain't great
You got D.B.I. five
Gotta pull it over, turn
Your station is not worth winning
When you learn that smile's not a word
But when you make a move
You get to dance like a ball
You'll deserve like well
I'm like too low
Now here's a chance for everybody up and on the floor
I wanna see you dance!
In the evening, I'll let you know
The words of your body are your symptoms
And they're never gonna understand
Love me, kiss me with every heaven said I'm sorry, love you
Why, but every night I look at the sky
All your name and my name
Every night, every night
Make me feel like I'm dreaming of coming back
Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
We're back here at Boys and Girls on Orange Lounge Radio, and I hope you enjoyed that
break.
A little, just some potpourri music there.
I tried to put in some stuff that I know Jamie likes, so we haven't played in a while.
I'm kind of doing stuff I think Jamie likes tonight because, you know, it's been a while
since she's been here and getting to dictate the picks in my ear, but she hasn't really
said a lot of songs she wants to hear tonight, so I'm playing stuff I think she'd want to
hear.
Am I doing good?
So far, so good.
So far, so good.
In that break, we heard Superstar, The Safari, because I know you love The Safari, Look to
the Sky, I don't know how big you are on that song, that was more for the listeners because
I know that's a listener favorite, and era, Ta-Taku, which we had to do, we had to do
at least one song by him. So maybe some more Jamie-inspired stuff next
break. But for now, we're actually going to head
on over to the Skype line, and if you would like to call us, please do so.
Just head on over to www.orangelinesradio.com and click on Interact With Us.
Sorry, the program was being unruly there for a minute, I had to figure out what's going
on. There we go, yes, we're up and ready to go
on Skype if you guys want to call in. Also we have a, oh it's, oh the Skype server might
be down right now actually because it's still showing us it's connecting. So, we're going
to have to proceed. Okay, we're not going to take calls to Skype just yet. Live Radio
can't control and the servers go up and down boys and girls. So let's actually head on
over and see what else is going on in the Bahmani world. I had mentioned earlier in
the show I checked out 2DX10 style this week. I don't know if either of you guys have gotten
a chance to play it. Jamie, have you really picked up 9th or 10th? I thought you got 9th,
but no, you never got 9th or 10th. Is one of those things where it's kind of getting
old? Kind of. I don't know. I can keep in mind, I work full-time and go to school part-time.
I really don't have a lot of time left over for BB&E until the end of the semester. And
I played a whole lot of 8th style over the summer, because I wasn't going to classes.
But I figured that I was gonna wait and pick up 10th Style because I refused to play 9th Style.
Why 9th Style?
Just because of how crappy the arcade release was.
Well, you know the timing's fine in the home version.
It's not...
But I also didn't really have much in it I liked.
You know what's funny is I have just the reverse with 10th Style.
Like, I played 10th Style and it's put together beautifully, and the song list is okay,
and it's a really great looking game, especially because they've upped the resolution from the old 3rd, 4th styles,
And it's just, it's a very sharp looking game, and it's nice, but I find that when I was playing it, I was kind of like,
where's all these songs I like from 9th Style?
See, I like 9th Style an awful lot.
I still think 8th has the best of all of them.
8th had a really solid song list, especially the arcade release, but, I don't know, I just, I do love 9th.
So, as soon as I get a new controller, because we're pretty confident that the US is getting their own controller
that's gonna be different, and hopefully better,
That's when I'll truly get back into 2DX.
But Miklasov was nice. He offered to let me borrow his 10th style and controller,
because I'm supposed to be seeing him this weekend, too.
And he offered to let me borrow it all week so I could really test drive it, but I said,
I'm gonna be too busy with Dragon Quest VIII.
Well, you know, my controller still works perfectly fine and it fell off the top of the van.
I don't know how that is.
I can't... You have the miracle controller.
I've been doing it three times.
That's still something else.
I want to ask Loki about this real quick. These are some articles you posted on the
site about the portable DDR and Beatmania sim games that are out there. What's going
on with this? I know this isn't your sim scene up there, but what's going on with these PSP
clones?
Well, I mentioned last week about the old DDR1, and it's pretty cool. You get to actually
it's basically StepMania for the PSP. Now, the BeatMania one, not quite so much like
BeatMania for the PSP. It's more of a two-button BeatMania because the way the buttons are
mapped. But you could actually, I guess, remap everything so that you could play, you know,
songs using their corresponding keys, but with a PSP it's kind of hard to play 7-key
BeatMania on it, obviously. I was actually installing that on my PSP right now, as you
caught me. No, it looks really good, actually. They've got quite a setup for DDR and stuff.
This one looks like it's more of like, I don't know, delight, delight reduplication or whatever,
because you can do DDR in the BeatMania setup as well.
Then they also have 2DX in normal BeatMania as well,
so I'm not really sure how that works,
but it looks pretty cool,
and they've got really good skins for it.
And both of them are available on PSP updates right now,
but I think we'll be adding them maybe to the PSP site at some point.
Alright, sounds good.
Umm...
There was one? I know there was something else I was dying to mention.
Oh, STRIKE!
There's lots of updates on DDR STRIKE that was going on over on DDRFreak.
Some folks had found some pictures...
Dammit, and I wish I'd gotten to this one.
Mikolatov was here, because maybe he could have elaborated a little bit,
even though I know he can't say a whole lot about work stuff.
Umm...
But there was some stuff going on on the threads over on DDRFreak
that they found some scans in a magazine that gave away some stuff
about the upcoming DDR Strike game and it looks like they were able to find in
the scan of the magazine article they found that there's some new Toshiba EMI
license tracks that are coming to DDR Strike which some folks speculated was
going to be happening with DDR Strike but nobody was actually able to confirm.
That's pretty cool. And what's interesting though, some of them are
crossovers from DDR Extreme 2. For instance, as the rush comes and Block,
Block, Rock, and Beats, which we had in DDR Extreme 2.
But here's the weird thing, is that they have tied them to DanceMania releases, because
As the Rush Comes was on DanceMania EX7, and Block, Rock, and Beats was on DanceMania Winters.
So I'm not sure, it's very interesting how this worked.
I don't know if, were these games chosen for the US first, or were they actually chosen
for Japan, and we got them anyway because they were easy to license.
We don't know.
But also, apparently, the scan in the magazine, or whatever it is, also gives away a couple
other songs. Heaven is a Place on Earth, the German election mix from Dance Media Covers
01 and Let's Dance by David Bowie, which I think is a very sexy addition to DDR. I can't
believe we're getting David Bowie. That is badass.
David Bowie is so hot. He's going to be in a movie with Michael
Kane. Oh, that'd be great. Can't wait. And then You Sexy Thing by Hot Chocolate, and
I can't think of what song the You Sexy Thing is, though, but I think that's that old song
from, uh...
You Sexy Thing.
You Sexy Thing.
I don't think I remember hearing that song either, did it?
I remember, like, the line on it, but I don't remember how the song goes.
It just must be because I have completely different taste than that.
I have no idea.
Well, it's good to see that this game isn't just going to be a rehash of DDR Extreme 2
like I was thinking it was going to be, but, I don't know, new stuff's always good.
Well, I think what's also interesting is that there's some crossovers from Ultramix 2, at
least one, which we can kind of infer, because there's going to be one, there will be more
than one, Baille la Samba, which was the Konami original for Ultramix 2, is crossing over,
and that was picked off from one of the mission mode screens, a very observant person on DDR
Freak noticed that the banners match up.
So Baille la Samba is going to be there as well.
So that is starting speculation as to might we see some of the freebie songs, because
as you know, a different drum sort of gave songs to Konami, not really had them licensed
but gave them for the exposure, and that's where we got Skulk and Superstar.
So it'd be very, very interesting if some of these songs showed up in the Japanese mix.
I think that'd be kind of cool for them.
That would be.
Um, I think for sure they will get Jyris and, um, probably the Midihead mix and some of
the other stuff. They'll probably get all that crap for sure. I don't see how they couldn't
get that stuff.
Well, also when you think about it, was it Festival had Ultramix One stuff in it, so
it only makes sense that they would do that.
Yeah, I think a lot of people, this really isn't surprising anyone, but it's kind of
cool nonetheless.
So, what else we got going on with Strike? Then this came up later in the thread, is
that somebody actually got a screenshot and knew enough Japanese to kind of translate
the little tiny, um, stuff that shows up there on the side, and notices that there is no
online mode for the Japanese, uh, DDR Strike release.
Uh, interesting. I don't know if that's because DDR they don't think is popular over there?
I'm not sure. I'm not sure what to think of this, why they're not doing the online mode.
Or maybe it's just an early screenshot. Who knows?
Or maybe because the Extreme 2 Online sucked? That's true, too. Doesn't it have bugs, too?
Aren't people still cheating on there and stuff?
sucked apparently compared to the Xbox one it does it's too bad that extreme 2
came out later but I realize there's a lot of anti Microsoft people for lack of
a better term people that don't have Xbox's for financial just don't want to
whatever reasons that haven't gone to experience the Xbox live and I'll tell
you what guys I used to be anti Microsoft too and in some in some
circumstances I still am to some extent I don't like some of the things they do
do but I've come to accept embrace some of the things that are really great
about Xbox one of them being they have advanced videos or the other one being
that they have the best online system that kicks ps2's but I mean Xbox Live
kicks anything else's but basically right now that's out there in the
console world and so to go and play DDR on the Xbox Live and then go to play it
on Xtreme 2 you're like yeah this sucks but I bet for people that have never
played Xbox Live they probably don't know that it can be a lot better so it
works out just fine for them so yeah I don't know still kind of interesting if
they left it out who knows of course more to come still on this game we will
see what happens a little later I'm sure the surprise is still left in store who
knows let's see if we can get Skype working I'm having the worst problems
getting this Skype program to work if I'm unable to get this to happen what
we'll do is we'll probably go to the cage match yeah Skype is doing some
weird stuff with me guys that's gonna be too bad if we have to do a show without
Skype because I'd love to hear from our listeners we'd love to hear what they
have to say let's try this one more time here we're gonna try connecting there
and yeah I got booted again that's great okay so we're gonna go ahead and actually
we're gonna go into the cage match for right now and try to get some time for
Skype to come back up and we'll go to the Skype line a little later in the
show and I'm sorry guys I don't know what's happening there I'm having timeout
problems some of you might be on it we're just having some problems here in
studio so I'm going to try some other things here while we go into the cage
match but it is time to get into this week's cage match now the nice thing
about cage matches that we don't need our skype line for cage match we only
need the chat room so you gotta be in our chat room if you want to vote in
cage match and that's www.orangelaundraider.com and click on chat and
And the way the Cage Match works is that we're going to play three songs for you guys, and your favorite song will go into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Bomani and Video Game Music program.
And we had a winning song last week, it was a brand new winner, and it was something that Loki picked.
And the song was by John Sykes, and it was called Cautionary Warning.
And anything else you want to say about this song, Loki?
Your mic's off.
Uh, it's just a really cool song.
Okay, here it is, a clip of last week's winner, John Sykes, with cautionary warning, and here's a clip.
You are my excavator, you are my space invader
Oh, I should never have warned that I would go
You are my kind of ganger
You are my indicator
You are my egg of a maker
Oh, I should never have warned that I would go
Don't tear you down, have you locked yourself to the floor?
You're the one who believed in saying your soul
Now only time will tell
All right, that was song number one in tonight's cage match, a clip of last week's winner John
Sykes, cautionary warning. Well, now I'm remembering that song. That's the one where the Whitesnake
guitarist or something has something to do with that, right, Logie?
That's very correct.
All right, interesting. All right, song number two in tonight's cage match will be my pick.
I'm going to go ahead and go. My song is, too bad Miklos has not here because he talked
the song up for me. My song is by an artist named Andy Bell, and Andy Bell was half of
Racer, you know, the great 80s and 90s synth-pop band. I love synth-pop. Andy Bell has a solo
album out now, and it's pretty cool. I like... I had to put in a... Fuckin' mic, I hit this
mic. You know I love me some synth-pop! So I had to put this in because Andy Bell is
one of the granddaddies of synth-pop, going back to Yaz and all these other great bands.
I love this song, it's the latest CD, Electric Blue, it's song number two in tonight's cage,
much crazy here on Orange Lodge Radio.
You better make some noise
Cause my desire
Is running down a city street
Hold me up to the wire
I'm driven by a heavy beat
When you put your hand in my hand
I go down and I go crazy for you
Crazy, crazy
Crazy
I feel so ashamed to tell you
I go down there, I go crazy for you
Crazy, crazy
Crazy
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
And that she was good You never told a lie
And if you're sweet tonight, I'll have an alibi
Cause my desire is running down a city street
Hold me up to the wire
I'm driven by a heavy beat
When you put your hand in my hand
I go down and I go crazy for you
Crazy, crazy
Crazy, crazy
I feel so ashamed to tell you
I go down, man, I go crazy for you
Crazy, crazy
Every day
Cause my desire
Is running down a city street
Hold me up, choose a wire
I'll dribble by your heavy knees
When you put your hand in my hand
I go down, then I go crazy for you
Crazy, crazy
I feel so ashamed to tell you
And I go, and I go raging for you crazy, crazy
Okay, there's song number two in tonight's cage mesh, and it's Andy Bell with Crazy,
and we'll go around and see what folks thought of that, if they were crazy for that song
or it drove them crazy.
Dork Sucko, you're up first.
No offense, it was a little repetitive.
I didn't write it.
Oh, no.
It was okay, it wasn't a bad song, but I just find it a little repetitive and kind
boring so it gets 6.5. I've been blasting a song in my car all week. I really like it.
Uh, 9. Loki, that song's craaazy. I'll hold 7.5. Okay, alright, moving on to song number
3 in tonight's gauge match, Dark Sakura. Who'd you pick for us? Um, because this song's on
a Saturday, which is usually the day I think about what I'm gonna play, um, I just picked
the Blur song so it's a crazy beat. Alright, sound over 3 in tonight's cage match. Blur!
Blur! With Crazy Beat. Enjoy.
I'm on my own about to start a revolution Got a hand for a party I've been dying to get in
Like me, I hear that my body makes me sick
And I love to hear that say
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
I love my sister and I love her tonight
Breakdown
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Okay, there was song number 3 in tonight's cage match. That was Blur with Crazy Beat.
Once again, are you crazy about that song or did it drive you crazy? Dark Sakura.
It's actually not my favorite Blur song, but I like it.
Give it to me an 8.5.
For me, it works better for Cagemash than I thought it would. I still think it was a little bit noisy.
I don't really know how it would just go. A little bit noisy? But it's cool.
I mean, it's a fun kick some butt anthem. I like that.
You know, it's a good song to kind of rotate with song 2, because I know a lot of people are all about song 2, and that's the only Blur song they know of song 2.
But that's a good one to kind of mix it up a little bit with, because it reminds me of song 2, but it's different! Which is a good thing.
So, um, I give it an 8. I liked it.
Loki.
That song was crazy!
7.5.
I just thought it would be funny, since both songs are crazy.
It's time for you guys to vote as soon as we recap. Here we go, the three songs you
to vote as soon as we recap here we go the three songs you can vote for tonight
starting off with song number one which is Cautionary Warning
and song number two you can vote for tonight is Andy Bell with Crazy
Crazy, crazy, crazy
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Blur with Crazy Beat
Blur with Crazy Beat
Alright kids, you know what to do. Place vote now. Send a private message to Sky in the chatroom with your vote
and we will reveal the winner of the vote as soon as we can
Moving on over to Loki to talk about what else is going on in the Sims scene
besides the PSP thing, which, by the way, you actually showed me because you
downloaded it there during the last little bit.
It's pretty cool. That actually looks kinda neat. The skin's a little fucked because your
life bar's in the middle of the screen, but...
Well, there's four skins. I haven't tried the other four skins.
I walked right into that joke.
No, there's supposedly four different skins for it.
It's weird, though, because you can do, like, DDR and stuff, but I haven't actually tried some of the
other skins.
I've been basically using a default one. I don't really notice the life bar in the middle, so it's not a big problem for me.
The keys, though, are a little fucked up, but I probably should have not been trying to play one key P1807. That just didn't work very well.
No wonder you had one key assigned to all your buttons. What was that about?
Well, that's the default settings they have. Try doing seven key on a PSP.
But then why point the damn thing to a PSP?
I don't know. But 5-key though works pretty well. So I am getting some nice 5-key SIM
files to try on it, because I don't know, it could work for that.
Other than that, there is some stuff going on. I know on BomaniStyle right now, they
are actually doing OSC4, which is another SIM file contest, not to be confused with
with Turning Mix, which is not going on anymore. But, anyways, OSC4, I believe, is available
for download right now. You can check it out. They've got some links on their front page
there, and they also kind of talk about who's judging and how it's going to go and that
type of stuff. So, check it out now. It's the keyboard division, so these are all going
to be the ones that are impossible to play, so check those out.
Not you, we're laughing at the chatroom.
No, that's alright.
Somebody just said, somebody just joined and we said that they missed the cage match and their response was, and I quote,
Shit shit shitty shit shit.
It's the little things in life that amuse me. Anyway, sorry.
I'm glad that everyone likes that.
Which, by the way, is when I think about a large part of the Bimani files that are being put out lately as shit shit shitty shit shit.
Those sim files.
since you mentioned shit shit shitty shit shit
uh... i have to mention
sim files for the week and uh... starting off with
max don't have sex with your ex not exactly a max remix but still you know
falls under the max category
uh... max three hundred the miss remix
uh... max three hundred pack which means probably more than one max
uh... three hundred in there max max max stinks
and max three forty
Max Stinks? Max Stink. No, not Max Stinks, as in Max Stink, like Maximum Stink.
That sounds like an anti-deodorant. Like, instead of, you know, like Right Guard Max,
it's Max Stink. But to be fair, what I'm going to do is I'm going to download Max Stink to
my PSP and play it on the DDR simulator. Yeah. No, actually, no I'm not, because I'm not
waste that space on my PSP. Now, the other thing I was kind of curious about with PSP,
hypothetically, couldn't you use that little USB adapter to hypothetically use a Kinky
Joy to hypothetically put in a PlayStation 2 2DX controller? No. No, because the way
way the USB things works. However, you could, in theory, put a portable keyboard which uses
the infrared port and use that for BeatMania.
Now, there's an idea.
Or...
And it's like that one game. What was that BeatMania game, dah, dah, dah, or something
that they put out? It was a keyboard BeatMania game?
Yeah.
Oh, my gosh.
You know what's interesting, though, is the USB port, people are saying that you can't
really put stuff in there, um, like, you know, peripherals and stuff, but they have that
new talk band coming out for it, and it looks like, because the problem was they couldn't
get power off of the port. There was no power going through it, so that's why it's not working.
But I looked at the side of this port here, and there's these two little, like, um, copper,
uh, contact points where the power comes through. So apparently you can get power from it, and
therefore run devices and stuff. Um, so, I guess in theory you could hook up a dance
patter
but why would you want to but if you're going to be like home
can you bet just imagine for a minute holding a psp while you're dancing do
you do you think you know how stupid you'd look to somebody who's coming by
seriously
uh...
yes i i i have an idea what that look like
i've done with the controller before you know somebody posted
excuse me somebody posted on our forums over at orange launcher radio dot com which by the way
I'm very proud of our audience, what might I say, and I think the podcast is a large
part of what to thank for this, but I'm very proud of our audience overall, Sunday night
show audience and podcast audience, for making our forums relatively active recently in the
past couple of months. They've gotten relatively active. And one of the things that somebody
was posting about was using, now the weird thing is that the title of the post said using
PSP to charge the iPod. And then in the post they were talking about the PlayStation 2
charging an iPod. So, hypothetically, both would work, though, right? Because the PlayStation
2 has USB on it, and like you said, the PSP has the little power thing on it, so you could
use your PSP to charge your iPod, which is a really stupid idea if you think about it,
but it would work, right?
Well, the problem is that it's not a standard USB, it's the Mini-B, so you'd have to have
like some sort of adapter, but yes, I guess it's possible. Maybe, well, I don't know if
power's going directly to that all the time, I don't know, but I'd imagine it has to be
if it's...
Maybe it'd have to be in USB mode for it to work.
There's, like, um, on everything, there's these copper contact points by all the, um,
like, the AC adapter and also by the USB. It's, um, I think this is for cradle is why
they have that there, so you can just sit it down in something. Um, and then, of course,
the other one for the, um, peripherals that go into it, because they have screw points
where you can screw something in. Um, but, yeah, I guess you could do that, but, um,
Why would you want to, honestly?
Because people will do something just because they can.
Explain why people install Linux on a Billy Bass, on a Toaster, on Hello Kitty watches.
There is Linux on a Toaster.
Why do people do that, Loki? Because they can.
Seriously, I mean, if you figure out that you can charge your iPod using your PSP or whatever,
aren't you going to show that to somebody?
somebody, like, dude, I could charge my iPod with my PSP. That's cool.
First off, you never hear me say that because I'll never have an iPod.
Yes, I do. That's another story, but I guess. I don't
know. All right. Here's the status with Skype, you
guys. We're trying to get into Skype, but the weird thing is whenever we try, and I
realize I hear you guys in the chat room loud and clear saying you see us online, but I've
tried calling the back number, the phone number that you can call to get into us, too, and
not working. It's not ringing on our computer. So even if you guys tried to call us, we are
not seeing it. So even though you guys are seeing us logged in, Skype, we are not actually
there. We are trying to log in, but the problem is I'm getting caught in a loop on Skype,
is that I log in and then it says logging in and then kicks me back out to the log in
screen. So I don't know what's going on. Usually what I would do is I would just reset Skype
or reinstall Skype to get this to work. Problem is, guys, we're in the middle of a show. In
order for me to reinstall Skype, I'd have to dump all the listeners because Skype fucks
with your audio settings when it reinstalls itself, so that's not an option, so we may
be without Skype tonight. I will keep trying throughout the rest of the show, though. If
it doesn't work, you know, we'll do Ask Orange Lounge or something where you guys will be
able to interact with us, at least via the chat room, if nothing else, because we do
want to hear what our listeners have to say, and I want to hear about your Thanksgivings
and stuff. Very sorry about Skype, but this is one of those things where it's kind of
out of our ballpark right now, so we'll keep trying. I'm going to keep trying to hammer
in there and clear some stuff out and see what I can do.
I can't wait for Animal Crossing. Yes, Animal Crossing is what? Not next week,
but the week after, right? December 5th or something?
7th, the week of the 7th. Oh, I'm so excited.
It's coming out, it'll be awesome. That's gonna be the coolest thing.
We don't know a lot about this game, though, right? We don't know a lot about the way it's
really gonna work. The site launch, that's about it.
I played it. You played it? How? At E3?
So E3 answers some questions about it, but it doesn't tell us how online is going to
work.
That's really what I'm curious about.
Can I go into Dark Sakura's village and cut down all her trees?
If you want Dark Sakura to go into your village and set fire to it.
Am I going to be able to go into Dark Sakura's village and teach all of her villagers to
say, you smell like butt?
Hey, you had Olivia in my village saying something rather foul.
It was cunt, ladies and gentlemen. The word was cunt. I was sophomoric and juvenile, and I thought it was funny to get one of my Animal Crossing villagers to say cunt.
But...
She moved into your village, and then I got her back, because she was my favorite.
And she was foul.
She was going around foul-mouthed, and then her neighbor started saying it too.
I don't remember who moved to my town, Big Cock, but it was funny to everybody talking about Big Cock all the time.
We had Danville. Because of Dan.
Oh yeah, I remember that. You had Danville. I had just, I don't even remember what I called my town. It was Sky Place? I don't remember what it was.
That's sad.
I don't remember the name of my town.
I like Big Cock. I like that.
We have Rob on air, save any life.
Shut up. Shut up.
I hate you.
Wow, that was scary.
That didn't get all picked up on microphone, but Jamie went from laughing to laughing.
There she goes. Sorry.
You try coughing up a lung cookie.
It'll be all the equations it makes you.
Here's what I remember about Animal Crossing is that I got that
Olivia to say cunt she went back to your village
Then she went over to a guana girls village and those you that know guana girl knows that she hates that word
She hates that word
Could not get her to stop saying it
Was pissed at me well, she already hated me at that point, but we're past that now we can joke about it now
See? Ha ha! We can joke about it. But at that point, you know, it was easy to blame it on me, because, you know, yeah...
Although, actually, I want to say it was Rice Princess that originally got her to say that word in the first place.
She didn't run your game!
Hmm. Yeah, because Rice Princess lived in my village, because she didn't have a GameCube, she was poor.
So...
Sorry, I shouldn't...
I don't even know why that was funny. Uh, anyway, I'm just... Good times. Animal Crossing was good times.
I don't remember, I had the lesbian in my village, too.
Yeah, there was lesbians.
There was, I don't remember what she was, but she was a lesbian because she lived in the gym teacher house.
Mm-hmm.
And wore sweats all the time.
Mm-hmm.
So I put a big rainbow sign outside of her house.
I remember, you put the big rainbow sign and then you got her to say something like, you know, Big Dyke.
I don't know, no, I don't remember what it was.
She said something very...
We got her to, I've always got her to say Real Gay or something.
hahaha
that's great
we are thinking now I am
oh cool they're saying in the new animal crossing you can teach outright phrases
to animals rather than just sentence fragments and so I can teach my village lesbian to say that
nevermind
i.e. nevermind
if I say it somebody's going to YTM and do it so I can't do it
I fear our listener base all of a sudden.
Although I do love the idea of like an Orange Lounge Radio village, I don't know how we're
going to do it.
I guess it'll just have to be one of our towns.
We will open up during the show and just let our listeners randomly come in and harass
us during Orange Lounge.
But we'll have to recreate ourselves.
It'll be fun.
In Animal Crossing form and have our houses.
Totally.
Or maybe we'll come to your village.
That could be the thing is that Orange Lounge Radio, we could party crash your village.
Get like maybe like once a week, somebody will give us a prank code and we'll go party
crash in their village and destroy things.
t-shirt one and I just wrote O-L-R on it was my first emblem but I'm like that's
stupid and then like when I would get into matches randomly on the internet I
know nobody's gonna know what that means so now mine is a big orange heart and it
says in the heart I can't draw I wrote I can't draw mine I actually went and did
an old logo that I had designed I was gonna do I wanted to get some skull and
crossbones on there too but I just stuck with Loki yeah
Mykletof actually took his avatar on DDRFreak and put it through that little site that'll
show you how to turn your thing into a mari- and he said he spent like an hour and a half
just drawing it out pixel by pixel.
That is some dedication there.
Crazy.
Did you see the VG cats where they were talking about the logo on the card and it says it's
a penis?
No, it's a penis and she goes, I know.
I'm going to link that to the chatroom.
Please do.
That's good.
So we're going to go to a break, and when we come back from this break, we will reveal the winner of tonight's cage match.
And if we can't do Skype, I'm going to try and hammer back into Skype.
If we cannot do Skype, we will figure out something else to do.
We'll do some Mass Corners lounge where we'll get into the FUs of the week.
Something.
Or, you know, maybe we'll just have to rely on our quick wit to fill some show.
So we'll see what happens.
In this break, I want to do a little bit of bakwa because I I need some Korean music
So we're going to do Bequia. We'll be back after this with more Orange Andrea.
Oh
Thought I heard you talking so quickly
I turn on the lights, the cv's and the radio
Still I can't escape the doses of you
What is happening to it all, crazy something
Where is the light that I recognize?
Gone away, but I won't cry till yesterday
There's an ordinary world somehow I have to find
And as I try to make my way to the ordinary world
I will learn to survive
Daddy, do you want it?
Daddy, do you want it?
Daddy, do you want it?
Hello?
Hello, is this thing on? Testing?
Testing 1-2?
I'm looking in the index
but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show.
Hello?
I don't understand this.
Does this thing work?
This thing reads like stereo instructions.
Is this on? What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio broke down Ghetto Bimani Radio.
What the f**k?
You're telling me broke down Ghetto Bimani Radio. We can't get our Skype tour tonight.
I think it's going to be a wash for Skype tonight because I'm getting the same problem when I get back in there.
I had one of our listeners try calling us during the break there trying to get in. No worky.
So I think Skype might be down tonight. We will keep trying. I'm not going to lose hope.
If we can fit in even one guy. It caught your whooping cough or something.
If we could fit in even one call before the end of the show, we will do it, but you know,
this show existed for like a year and a half before we ever had Skype, so we will, of course
then again the show is only two hours then too, but we will find a way to get through
this somehow.
And I realize you guys are seeing us online, I assure you guys, even though we are somehow
showing us online, we are not getting the pop-up box that shows us we have a call, therefore
we cannot take your call.
We thought about patching through Dark Sakura's laptop, but unfortunately that is not an option
either because we don't have the right cable to plug into our mixing board.
Sucks to be us, doesn't it? Oh well. Moving on then, let's talk about who won
tonight's cage match. Don't you want to know who won tonight's cage match?
Slightly. Oh boy, do you. I wish it could, I wish I could say it was a close call
tonight, but unfortunately it really wasn't. One song really blew the other
ones out of the water. Tonight's winner was...
I told you I can't go wrong if I pick Damon.
You know why you won?
Because Roz was rallying the troops in the chat room for you, I think, so that was a
big part of the reason why I think you got it.
So good job.
Blur wins, and we'll go into rotation on our Bomani video game music program, which by
the way I updated in some capacity this week, and we're going to take a look at the video
game music portion very soon, but Bomani got a little bit of facelift, and that is all
all based on your scores that come up in the, for those of you that listen through Live
365 and not through iTunes, you get little thumbs up and thumbs down icons where you
can actually, whoa, my, stupid microphone. You get little thumbs up and thumbs down icons
where you can actually rate the songs as they play. So we actually took out a couple of
the Romani songs that were very low rated, some of the stuff from Ultramix 2 and some
of the old, old songs we just kind of flushed out of there and put in some of the good Ultramix
3 songs and Happy Sky and some other stuff too. I threw in a new Castlevania song for
good measure just because I was like, this song should be in rotation. Let's not go on
a new one in there. Enjoy. This microphone is pissing me off. Anyway, I hate this mic.
That's what we need to use our $25 just to get it on as a replacement mic. We need to
actually put down some money and get good mics. We should invest it and then in the
year we could have a good mic. That microphone that you're using there would be about what
we could afford if we invested the $25. That's one that Angel very kindly donated to us and
that's... You know, this rear shaft thing's been lasting
pretty long. Yeah, that one's not bad. I just had to pick
it up. You know what? I'm about ready to go just
buy my own top dollar mic. That would be nice. That's a great mic. It
really is. The one you're using is fabulous, but it costs this much times eight.
It costs that much times eight. That's how much that costs, according to Angel.
So, yeah. And I see some people in the room bitching about my microphone's suggestion
to turn up the mixing board's mic boost until the microphone works. Unfortunately, that
doesn't work right, because the problem with this microphone is it's what we call, I think
they call it unidirectional, which means it only works if the microphone is pointing in
one particular direction. And it's really good for reporters who are trying to interview
someone who don't want to get all that background noise. But the problem is, usually what you
get is a cardio-shaped microphone, which is like a heart-shaped audio pattern, or you
have a, I think, omni-directional microphone, which is, you can pick up sound in all directions.
And Dark Soccer and Loki have omni-directional microphones, so no matter which way they're
holding the microphone, it's picking up their sound. Unfortunately, with this microphone,
If I turn it just a little bit too far one direction, you suddenly lose the voice and
you don't hear me as well.
So I have to talk specifically into one part of this microphone or it doesn't work.
And the problem is that I'm not necessarily used to this microphone, so that's why you
get a lot of weird sound out of this.
So go figure.
You still sound more normal than I do.
To some extent.
And then people are saying in the chat room, oh, my headset mic only cost me $8.
The problem is that we used to use those headsets in the early, early days.
Hey, and the headsets that I bought were expensive.
And they were call center headsets.
Yeah, and the problem is they kind of sounded like call center.
They didn't, they were good. They worked at a time.
They were free.
But remember that very, very, very first mic we had?
It was the guest microphone.
It was this little tiny $10 microphone
that sounded like you were talking out of two Dixie cups and a string.
Yeah.
I wish I had.
What happened to the boom mic?
The boom mic?
We had the big...
Oh, the boom mic! That's at Loki's house.
Yeah, it's still my house.
Yeah, the boom mic was our idea, because we used to have a lot of sidebar conversations.
Because in the old place, in the old studio, we would have like ten people that could fit in the studio.
It was an ambient mic.
Yeah, and the boom mic was supposed to pick up sidebar conversations, and it was to kind of encourage people to shut the eff up while we're trying to do a show.
Well, it was supposed to be so you could hear people yelling in the background.
Oh, that too.
And it worked pretty good for what we had.
You know, it worked okay. It was kind of hit and miss.
It was hidden, see, so no one knew what it was so they couldn't talk into it.
Exactly. It was good.
All right, um...
I think what we'll do now, because I'm feeling a little angsty about the Skypline not working,
is I think now would be a very good time for us to, uh, get into the FUs of the week.
I don't know. Do you think that's a good idea, DarkSakura?
Because I know I'm certainly feeling the angst. I don't know about you.
Completely agree.
Okay.
and uh...
where it's not the f he's the week and uh... dark soccer why is it we do the
f he's the week by the way you guys can send them now dark soccer why is that we
do the f he's the week every single week
i haven't heard that a while
the f he goes toward whatever the disease of the week is
Apparently I went from a cold, to a sinus infection, to bronchitis, to pneumonia, to
whipping cough, and I kind of miss knowing what my voice sounds like other than listening
to our old bumpers on the station.
And F.U. took me getting lotion sick from playing We Love Katamari.
And F.U. goes from me not having any more time off for the rest of the year, and also
having to put off my trip to London until 2007.
And also to whoever that was that double parked in your parking lot, Rob, because they suck.
They suck quite a bit!
And also if you two are not having any hot tea right now.
Good.
Let's go over to Loki and see where his angst is.
My angst is with games being boring.
Like for example, Shadow Colossus. I'm getting quite bored with that game really quick.
So, yeah, I have to sell that back now.
Fuck you, there's Microsoft for not selling out quite enough Xbox 360s.
Yeah, and they want to drive a pipe. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're not going to do that by really cryptic commercials.
You need a commercial that screams, wow, this is kickass.
You know, you got to get it.
Watching people throw water balloons does not scream, wow, this is kickass.
Or watching people jump rope, no, that is not kickass.
That tells me, go outside.
That's what that says.
So, you might be marketing that to the wrong people.
I didn't have a problem today. I never have a problem with McDonald's and my orders.
Well, they couldn't figure out how to run an ATM card, apparently, because they just did it in the machine, kind of like,
and went,
couldn't figure it out, so.
I'd do it myself.
I have tea bags if you want some hot tea.
You sure?
I want my herbs from home.
Peppermint.
I only have shitty Lipton, sorry.
I have shitty Lipton green tea, too.
I've been making Peppermint and White Willow tea.
Oh, that sounds good.
White Willow is nasty shit.
Egyptian licorice is my favorite, absolutely.
I'm going to be online playing Mario Kart DS after this show, briefly, between the show and the podcast.
You should get some friend codes.
I have friend codes, but I could never catch anyone online.
So just let them know and give them fair warning.
Alright, my turn.
If you do the fact that I have to go back to work tomorrow after four days of not having to work,
because you kind of get used to not working and then you have to go back to work.
Tomorrow's going to kind of be a busy day, too, just because it's like one of those things,
you know, especially when you're kind of in the role that I play at my organization,
it's kind of like I've got to find my groove.
Rob's got to get his groove back, like Stella.
I've got to get my groove back, and it's not something that's going to click at 8 o'clock in the morning tomorrow,
so I'm going to be very groggy and bitchy tomorrow.
As for the fact that I way overslept this weekend, I mean, seriously,
I've been sleeping, like, at least 10 hours a night every night this week,
that is not good for me but it feels so good I'm so relaxed now so maybe I
needed it because ten hours of sleep a night is much better than the like four
and six hours a night I was getting previously so I certainly paid for it
this break I think if I could have just hibernated for the past four days it
would have been great an F you to the fact that I was an F you to the fact
that I couldn't get an Xbox 360 even if I wanted one and an F you to the fact
that a lot of video games are $50, like the new ones. Like, $50 is a lot of money. $60.
Well, yeah, yeah, the Xbox 360 is like $60, but even like, you know, current-gen platforms
are $50. Sometimes, if you're lucky, $30 or $40, but Dragon Quest VIII sent me back $50,
so it's kinda like, boy oh boy, I better get $100 of playtime out of that game or something
to make it worth it. Otherwise, I'm gonna be pissed. Yeah. So, F you do expensive things.
That's not fun. Alright, let's go to the chatroom FUs, of which I'm sure there are plenty this
week. Let's see what's going on there. Ah, let's see. Rini wants to give a big, huge F.U. to
Best Buy at McDonald's for making me gather $21, Best Buy dollars, and when I
finally get to use them on UltraMix 3, the website, lolatloki, the damn game
gets on backorder, so I had to buy at full price at GameStop and get a refund.
Another F.U. to the manager at a nearby EB Games, where I was considering buying
UltraMix3 when he hangs up because he thinks I'm a rival manager, letting him know that the game is out already.
What?
And my last F.U. to a Wasp that took four hits with a large towel to take down.
My next F.U. comes from Sephiroth1215.
F.U. to my teacher giving work over Thanksgiving.
Oh, remember? Remember back in the day when we were in high school,
and those bitches would give us homework over like Christmas break?
It's like, read this book!
I really enjoyed reading books.
I enjoyed reading books too, but not the crap that our teachers assigned us.
I liked reading contemporary stuff.
And I remember to this day the book I hated that I had to read in high school was Dandelion Wine.
Hated that book.
It was so stupid.
That book?
Dandelion Wine is what it was called.
You know what I was reading?
No.
The Inferno.
That's cool.
And The Odyssey.
They did give us some good choices.
I did a book report on the Bible.
For real?
They let you do that in school?
They had no choice. I wrote my book report.
Look at the book!
You do stink.
What was the book?
1984, but our class didn't do that one.
We did Brave New World, which was just as weird.
You know, we did Catcher in the Rye, which was cool.
I enjoyed doing Catcher in the Rye.
I hated the Grapes of Wrath.
Fuck the Grapes of Wrath. Oh my god, we ought to do that one too.
Anyway, Sephiroth1215 also says,
and F.U. to Tecmo for pushing back DOA4
because I won another 360 game that is actually good.
Oh, and Sephiroth1215 would like to say,
he's actually in college, not high school.
Look at Mike, same thing with college, seriously.
Darkknight says, F.U. to Black Friday,
F.U. to losing my stylus, I had to buy a new one,
F.U. to being single for 18 years.
I would buy him a horn. Seriously, I mean, that's why I'm kidding. Hold on to it!
My stylus got eaten by my couch.
I have a spare.
Dan bought me a silver one that matches my DS.
Um...
You know you can buy those styluses in, like, the little color packs so you can have, like, a purple stylus?
We have the two packs. We have the black one, the blue one, and the silver one.
Sorry, I have the silver one.
I want a purple one.
God, I hate you, microphone. Purple's cool.
Moving on.
I'm back used to the microphone.
Seriously.
Roz wants to say an F.U. to Graham Coxon, that sexy bitch,
delayed his new album release from Fall 2005 to March 16th, 2006.
Nice way to work in that plug, by the way.
Ron Chan says F you to people that drop out of races on Mario Kart DS. Take your beatings like a man
Neo dude zero says F you to crappy link says USB internet adapters. I've been in and out of both show and chat all night
Vander C says F you to Jamie for slapping me with the trout. I don't like trout
Tell him to stay tuned for my response
You need to slap him with a grilled salmon, or slap him with a chili bath.
Marco is for trout.
I know.
Tomo-kun says, fuck me neglecting this show and the podcast for weeks upon weeks upon weeks.
I agree. F you. Oh, and fuck you whoever sends me the same piece of spam.
PopeHanda21 says F you to my ex boyfriend for being emo and F you to the world's ugliest
dog.
Sakurina says F you to stupid babies on the bus.
The fucking mom decides to bring her baby in a stroller on the busiest bus in town filled
with tons of students yet she bitches about us nearly killing her baby with our taking
space.
Yeah well get a fucking babysitter bitch you're the one who's stupid enough to bring your
baby on a bus which is occupied by students headed to school.
Fuck you.
ColorOfSakura says, F you to not getting enough hours at work, F you to Mario Kart DS's lack
of good wifi interface, F you to the Xbox 360, F you to sickness, F you to getting my
2DX controller in the mail and it being broken.
Legend of Zaku says, F you to not investing $400 earlier this year, it's like getting
Xbox 360 for me to sell on eBay now, F you to Sake not being as strong as I thought it
would be. F you to fucking ants that invaded my box of Rice-A-Roni, thus
forcing me to ditch that box and use up another... Oh, to be in college again. F you
to all other game stores for trying to offer me pennies for Madden 06 and NBA
Live 06. Lucky me, I knew this place around my way that gave me $50 for both
of them. And Nintendo Maniac would like to say... Oh, Nintendo Maniac 64 says F you
to the weather for there being lots of snow and a possible snow day on
Thanksgiving week. FU to my computer for locking up a few minutes ago, preventing me from not
knowing its FU time. FU to myself for putting a knot in my last FU when it was supposed
to be there. What? It wasn't supposed to be there. FU to myself for building a DS Lego
charging deck which took up my charger and I had to partially disassemble it to get my
charger out so I could play, uh, I keep wanting to say Mortal Kombat, Mario Kart DS without
my DS's battery dying.
But it works good! Works good for charging.
Can you use hot glue and you put it together and it'll never fall apart again?
Yeah, and then you'll never be able to get that stupid charger thing out of there, because you basically, you hold the wire in place with Legos or something underneath it.
Yeah.
Not fun.
It's stuck in there pretty good.
That's cool though. I like that DS charging station. It was a good idea.
I'll have to find... I have the specs on my computer still.
Post those. It was fun. Good times.
Alright, I think what we're going to do is we're going to go to a break,
and when we come back we might do some Ask Orange Lounge if the Skype line's not working,
and some other stories, whatever tickles our fancy when we come back after this break.
And in this break, more Bhumani potpourri, because we can.
And we'll start it off with an old school Beatmania song.
We're going to do Total Recall.
We'll be back with more Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
I know you've worked across the street and you've made it to breakfast or a picnic
Someday that will mean I'm thinking we'll do something more
I hide behind my magazine, then I see a world come by
I'm not ready to be seen, I'll just stick right here and then I'll be fine
I'll take advantage of the feeling in me lately
I need my time
Yeah, I don't want you to leave me
Can't take a, can't take a home Can't take a home, can't take a home
Let's go right to later
Yeah, you're Captain Jack
Bring me back to Rainbow Track
Give me blood in my hand
I wanna be your shooting man
I wanna be your shooting man
I wanna be your shooting man
I wanna be your shooting man
Give me a gun in my hand
I wanna be your shooting man
Left by left
The military staff
The airborne craft
The summoning is the best
Go left or right, don't pick up the gun
Go left or right, go left
Go left or right, don't pick up the gun
Go left or right, go left
Go left, go right, go figure set, go left, go right, go left.
Gaming radio, so uncensored that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, Mooch, uh, Moochawky.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Tag's gone.
Back, boys and girls, with more Orange Lounge Radio, and a broke-ass Skype line, so we have
No callers tonight.
God, thank God we didn't have any interviews or anything scheduled tonight. Thank God.
We'd be really screwed.
Um, so, sorry guys, we can't, uh, get you guys in on the Skype line, so, um, we're not gonna be
able to do, um, some calls tonight. We'll try one more time before the end of show, although
I somehow highly doubt it's gonna work.
And, apologize to those of you guys that were waiting to call in, but you know what?
Shit happens.
Of course, next week we'll be back with another episode of Orange Launch Radio Live, and all
of us will be here.
Maybe we'll have some special guests next week, I don't know.
We've got to talk some of our buddies into coming on over to the show.
Don't forget, we also have, excuse me, other live programming on Orange Launch Radio all
week long.
Monday nights, X-to-Verse Case of the Mondays, which airs at 7 o'clock.
It's not really a show about gaming, although he'll talk about games once in a while.
It's more of one of those things like, extra fresh your buddy, and he'll tell you the answer
to something straight up.
He will just, you know, he doesn't hold back, and it's definitely an R-rated show.
And he'll say lots of dirty words in succession.
He will.
But it's funny.
It's a good time, so tune in to that.
Tuesday nights on the station, our very own Dark Sakura.
Every other Tuesday night on the station, Dark Sakura is with us with...
Oh, that's the volume.
Sorry.
That's the volume which I'm doing every other Tuesday until the end of the semester, and
I'll be back on regularly. It's a musical request show. I play whatever. Just tune in.
Wednesday nights on the station, the Rob Roberts show, which is also on at 7 o'clock Pacific
time. And same sort of deal, I do take requests, but that's not really the concept of my show.
I just play whatever the hell I feel like. And I also talk about geek stuff. I'll find
some geek articles on the web and kind of give you my opinion on them. I'm kind of like
that way, except not a fat drug addict, basically. Also, on Orange Launch Radio, we may have
some new shows coming soon. We're looking at expanding the station in the future. It
may happen, may not, we don't know. Very likely, though, that you're going to see some exciting
stuff in the future at Orange Launch Radio. Stay tuned. Because you'll notice, you know,
we've got Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, we don't, you know, we've got a couple of days we could
to do some more other stuff with, so we will see what happens. Moving on. Shall we do some
Ask Orange Lounge, boys and girls? Alright, I got the thumbs up from Dark Sakura, so here
we go! It would help to have the volume up when I bring in the theme music, huh? Let's
Ask Orange Lounge, some stupid question. What will we find out this week on Orange Lounge
radio will we find out why this microphone is broken because I'm about to
throw it through a window if it doesn't cooperate yeah apparently all they heard
was geek articles and then fat drug addict no what I said is geek articles
and I'm kind of like a one-man Rush Limbaugh because I give my opinions on
them except I'm not a fat drug addict that was the correct thing that I said
Sakurina wants to know does sky like Rizlim the remix I believe I believe
that's a song in night style right that's over in the ninth style let me
see if I can get a little clip here of the Rizlim remix Dark Sakura is over
there in the corner gagging I take it you do not like the Rizlim remix it could
It could just be a lung cookie, but it sort of made my stomach turn.
Hold on, let me see if we can get a little clip here of the Rizlin remix.
Yeah, that crap.
I like the part that doesn't have the singing in it. Like, this is cool.
The bend one again in the middle.
I like the part where it ends.
I don't know, I like that kind of stuff. It just doesn't work.
It's okay. It's okay.
I prefer the original. I definitely prefer the original. But it's okay. I don't hate it. I don't despise it like I suck at this.
Still gotta work on the other remix.
Are you gonna tell us about the samples thing? Hold on, hold on. After Asgore's launch, we're gonna do it.
Does anyone know the approximate cost of a 2DX 9th style machine and if they are still in production?
At least $7,000.
Because he's heard me say it. And you know, Mikletov spends the weekend here sometimes, and we'll both be playing it, and he's like,
What's that? And we say, It's 2DX. So he knows it. Because he's seen it, he just sucks at it. Just teasing.
He is a pro at, uh, at Taeko no Tatsujin.
He is actually very good at Taeko no Tatsujin.
Uh, let's see, moving on. Tomo-kun wants to know, How about that show, The Boondocks?
I've never seen this show.
I remember reading the comics in my funny papers.
Not interested in watching this show.
There is a funny show I did hear about and I want to see it. It's supposed to be late tonight is when it's on.
MTV2. It's called Wonder Shosen. It's like an adult version of Sesame Street.
That sounds awesome.
MTV2. It's late at night.
Are Bert and Ernie really gay in this one?
No, they have, like, different characters, but they have one. It's, uh, what is it, uh...
D-O-G-Y-N is one of the, uh...
You know, like, dog O-B-G-Y-N.
And then, uh, they also have, um, like, some weird ones.
There's one, like, they were talking about the letter N, and nobody liked the letter N, so N left.
Then they had to find the letter S to track down the letter N.
And instead of tracking, uh, N down, it ended up having sex with N and had babies and stuff.
stuff. There's this weird shit. There's another one where they're playing Rock, Paper, Scissor
with God, and just really strange shit. But it sounded funny.
Interesting. I guess. I haven't been interested in a lot of television lately, except my crappy
reality shows that I watch once in a while. Ron Chan wants to know, who is your favorite
Who's your favorite character in the Super Mario Bros. series?
Who's your favorite character in the Super Mario Bros. series?
Ummm...
I don't know.
I'd say Princess Peach, because Peach is the winner! She's such an arrogant little fuck, I like her.
Big Boo! Big Boo! Big Boo is pretty awesome. You, Loki?
Geno.
Who?
Geno.
He's from Super Mario RPG.
Oh god.
Wow, that's obscure.
Uh, more questions.
Reemie asks the following, consider the following.
Medical science advances to the point where a device can seal wounds on the spot.
Problem.
Your friends use said technology to seal your ass shut as a practical joke.
What do you do?
Go on jackass.
Reveal a ban.
Fire it open.
I think you would die because your colon would explode.
Fire it open!
Or you would go to the hospital and I don't know, have them cut it open.
You know, yeah, I would think if the medical science is far enough along where they could
seal your ass shut magically they could unseal it magically.
If it ain't broke, I can't fix it.
And what are some pretty underrated songs on DDR? Oh, a real question. That's good to know.
What are some pretty underrated songs on DDR?
Moving On. Someone's knocking on the door. No, that's me. I'm tapping on the table.
Uh, Moving On from DDR 5th Mix.
I like that song. That's a cool song. What else?
you think of any Dark Sakura? Underrated songs in DDR. That's really easy, because I always
said Love That Feelin' was underrated. Oh, because a lot of people hate on Love That
Feelin'. Yeah. Face. Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah. God, most of the songs I like a lot
of- Xanadu! Xanadu. I'd say, you know what, I'd say The Seven Jump, because a lot of people
hate on The Seven Jump, but I love The Seven Jump. Love. Ooh, that's a good one, too. Night
in motion. Those are all good songs. And Conga Feelin', fuck, I love Conga Feelin'. Well,
it's kinda, eh, I don't know. It's fun to play. I think a lot of people know that. I
wouldn't say that's an underrated song, though. I think a lot of people know that one now.
I'm trying to think from some of the more recent mixes. Fantasy from Extreme 2. I think
fantasy from um... extreme 2
no fantasy was in max 1
it was in max 1 and then didn't come back from max 2
say that one?
yeah
is that it? That's max 2, fantasy was the one that was 0b from max 1
yeah that one doesn't need to go away
the other one that was pretty good
i'm trying to think of u.s.
Also, there's US licenses that I think are incredibly underrated.
I don't think...
The PlayStation 2 fanboys need to recognize that the Xbox has some really
good songs on UltraMix 2, such as Skulk.
But I don't know if I would call that underrated, because anyone that's played it
knows it's awesome.
But I'm trying to think of other US licenses that I think are a little bit underrated.
I always liked Dark Black Forest, and I know a lot of people hated on that song, but I thought it was a great
song. Like, just a very random choice for DDR. I thought it was great.
and
the other one there's another one that was really good those also m
mack's uh...
measures they
yet
take it to the morning
yeah i don't know if you're going to
uh... have a question for me because i see our chat room is suddenly seeing my
house
my house would you do if they put my house india are because i would be
successful but i don't know
Yeah, I would say that's pretty bad, but thank God it hasn't been put in, and I would have to show my fianc and she'd have to laugh at me.
I actually like Hey Mama a lot in Ultramix 3, though. I gotta say, that was a good choice. For Black Eyed Peas, that was a really good choice.
Can you believe I've never heard anything by them?
Who, Black Eyed Peas?
Yep, never.
You don't have to fix that either.
Hold on, hold on.
You really don't have to fix that.
Give me one chance here.
I realized I went for three years without hearing a single Britney Spears song.
I know.
But now that you've heard Britney Spears, you love them, don't you?
No.
Just kidding.
Okay, here, try this a little bit.
This is a song that's in UltraMix 3.
And I'm not going to say you're going to like this, because you're probably not going to, but it's kind of groovy.
It's Hey Mama.
I have heard this song.
I heard it in spin I heard it in spin and I heard it in black
eyed peas?
Yeah Oh, in the Best Buy commercial, the, you know
REE-NIX!
Yeah, I know I friggin' hate this microphone
Black eyed peas are okay Zander C wants to know, do I suck at DDR if
I can't beat Max Unlimited on Heavy, and is it weird that I can't beat that but manage
to beat Charlene on In the Groove an Expert. I can't beat Max on Limited on Heavy.
I can. I used to play doubles, and I would play some crazy shit in doubles, and I still
couldn't beat it. It's just too fast. It's not really a song that should be played. They
just made it like really super hard, and ooh, I did it. But it's not a song that can be
played for fun. And I don't think it's odd that you can't beat that... Fuck, I'm gonna
beat this microphone up. I don't think it's odd that you can beat that, or you can't beat
that you can be Charlene because I remember I think it was Charlene I might
be mixing it up with one of the erotic songs but I think maybe I'm I might be
mixing up Charlene with lemmings on the run but I remember that one of them on
heavy had an awful lot of freezes was like the big thing was there's a lot of
freezes and hands and I if I could do hands unfortunately I'm very tall and my
back will go out very easily if I do too much of the hands thing which is one of
the reasons I don't like in the group because I hate the hands thing I could
almost beat it though if it weren't for that I don't remember if it was that or
Charlene that I was very close to beating but yet I haven't come close to
meeting Max Unlimited and I have no problem sharing that I don't think you
have to necessarily be the bestest DDR player in the world I mean who cares
you play it because it's fun that's why I play it that's why I don't mind when
they release a new mix of DDR and there's only one 10-footer in it and a
bunch of sevens I like the game better that way because DDR for me is more of a
a casual workout type thing and not a I want to wheeze and throw up, you know, lung chunks
after one song.
I want to get back to the wheezing part. That's fun.
The sad thing is I probably wouldn't even be able to beat like Breakdown or stay on
Heavy and I used to be able to do those no problem.
I would break down.
I probably couldn't do it.
I think Queen of Fiance really cuts into the 8-hour sessions of DDR that I used to do in the arcade. It's just, I can't do it anymore.
Oh, it's Queen of Light that's the freezes in hands, and Charlene is just a lot of runs.
Runs are retarded, especially if it's for no reason whatsoever.
What was the other one I came really close to beating?
A Zodiac, I think, though?
Doo-doo-doo-doo.
I like that song.
I actually really like that song a lot.
Even, you know, considering that we've said some negative things about In a Groove,
I do really like some of the music, and Zodiac's one of the songs I really, really like.
Anubis is my favorite song, though.
That song kicks ass.
I really like that song.
You can tell I have a thing for, uh, Banzai.
Uh, Legend of Zaku wants to say,
I'm in the market for some good-ass sake.
Any suggestions?
I've never had sake in my life, believe it or not, so I can't help you.
There's a brand I like, but it's a blessing to me. I can't remember how to pronounce the name, so give me a sec, I'll look for it.
Okay, uh, Loki?
I don't drink sake.
Yeah, I don't drink it either.
What's a plum wine that you usually get? I know that's not sake, but speaking of, like, you know, Asian liquor, what was that? But that was good.
Uh, shoot.
The cheap stuff I buy is the Takora brand.
Okay.
All right, check out the, uh, sake thing.
Sake thing.
Team Sakeol actually has his own energy drink, just some random trivia thrown in there.
Legend of Sake wants to know, I wonder if you TiVo'd last week's episodes of Direct
Effect in which yours truly was seen as well as New York City's best DDR player being profiled.
I forgot to set the TiVo, and I had it on there and everything, I forgot to do it.
But I know they're going to rerun it to death, it'll be on again, so I'm not too worried.
And I'm sure Sake will tell me when it's being rerun.
And here's the good brand for the ume-shuu, the plum wine, because it's got the green
plums at the bottom.
Ah, yes, I remember that.
Yes, you bought that once, and we got drunk off that shit.
And you can't tell because it doesn't taste like booze.
One of the first times me and you got drunk together was off that stuff.
Off that stuff?
All right, so now look up that sake and let us know.
Meanwhile, more questions.
We're doing Ask Orange Lounge here on Orange Lounge Radio.
If you're just joining us, this is a portion of the show where the listeners can submit
questions to us and we answer them because we love our listeners.
You should join us, you're a bit late too.
Seeing as, well, there's only like ten minutes of show left.
Um, wow, lots of questions from NintendoManiac64 and wants to know this.
Uh, I want to learn Japanese but I'm poor so I can't pay anything and there's nothing
or anyone near me that could teach it to me for free.
Anything good and free on the internet, I'm out of ideas.
I have a suggestion, try out podcasts because there's actually a lot of podcasts out there
try to teach you how to speak a second language, not just Spanish, but I'm sure there's a Japanese
one out there, too. A lot of good, free stuff. I don't know if you can find anything at an
elementary level, but you never know. Also, sometimes if you look on some of the sites
such as BitTorrent stuff, you can sometimes find and learn how to speak Japanese CD, which,
you know, isn't, it's better than nothing. Go to college. Or, yeah, or go to college.
Or if you have a Usenet access and were signed up on MBZworld.com or something like that.
Anyways, they're CDs. But you can find them just any BitTorrent site. You should be able to find anything.
I mean, really. Except for whatever reason, the BooBoom Satellites, their CDs are not on the internet.
Not the one I'm looking for, at least.
NintendoManiac64 says, did anyone make a YTMND out of your I like big dick quote yet?
Um, no they haven't, and I hope they don't.
Uh, also wants to know, how was my Firefox Mario Kart DS decal?
Um, it was cool, it was, I imagine you probably used that same thing that a lot of
people use to, to turn a graphic into a, um, emblem.
But what I want to know is, what was that thing
where you were going back and forth, because I remember playing you,
you were going back and forth on the track a lot. Like, I don't know if you were
trying to do like a bunch of drifts, but you were going really fast, and I know you weren't
getting that many mushrooms, so I don't know, were you trying to do a bunch of drifts or
something?
Snaking.
Snaking.
What the hell is this?
Well, um...
I didn't know this was taking place.
You know, things I've seen, though, people doing wasn't snaking, because it was just
like they're, it looks like they're spasming on the track.
I understand what snaking is, where you do the mini, um, you drift back and forth really
quick to do the little boost, so you go faster that way.
It's hard to do, you have to have the right kart for it, but you can do it.
But the thing is though, they used to do that actually in, remember back in F-Zero GX, except
that was done differently, that was with the break boosting or whatever, and you can do
that with Mario Kart Double Dash, you can do it with the drift, same way.
But this is something different though, and I don't know why, because when I've seen these
players, they've been bouncing around literally all over the track.
So I don't know what that is.
Is anyone there really gay?
I'm ignorant and gullible, so I usually can't tell if you guys are joking or not.
Dark Sakura has a husband, so obviously she is, you know, Dansexual I believe as she calls
it.
Dansexual!
Loki has a fianc and does not like any of the cock as far as I know.
Not that he has a problem with that.
He's completely straight, yes?
Yes, I am gay. I am literally gay, and it's fine. It's not a joke. We joke about it because
it's kind of like how gay people can call each other fag and that's okay. Just like
how black people always call... Never mind. Forget it. But, yes, I'm gay and so is Exeter,
but we are not together. That's a very common misconception I think people think because
Exeter and I live together and we're both gay. We must be fucking, but that's not true.
No, Xfer and I are just buds, we're like brothers, nothing like that.
However, I date, I've been seeing someone, and I've kind of brought that up a couple
times on the show, but I don't think he'd be used to the idea of me talking about him
on the air yet, and he could be listening, so I don't say a whole lot about it.
But he's cool.
He's a gamer, too.
He plays Mario Kart DS with me, so he rocks.
And who else?
I think he's cute, too.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you. He is cute. He is a cutie. A little quiet sometimes, but a cutie, I like.
Even though the one time I met him I was highly intoxicated.
You were very intoxicated, but he's a nice guy.
And I don't think Miklotov would mind me sharing that he's gay too.
And that's cool.
So yes, there are really gay people that do this.
But we don't talk a whole lot about, well we do talk about the sexuality thing,
and I think it might be hard to tell that we're joking sometimes,
but like on the podcast, I don't think I've ever really brought this up,
up, although I need to at some point, and I'm sure we'll get into a discussion at some
point about minority gamers. It doesn't come up because, you know, we're about games, and
sexuality usually doesn't play into video games, unless we're going to talk about booth
babes at E3. We're going to talk about, there is sexism on the internet, and I know that
Dark Soccer has seen this shit firsthand, because not just her, but other girl presenters
on podcasts, game podcasts, get targeted. They do. Because some guys don't know how
how to deal with that. I don't know what it is. They assume that she's a giggling girl.
To quote one site, put down the controller and get back in the kitchen. Excuse me, fuck
you. That's just stupid. Okay, he's got too many questions, so I'm jumping right to his
last question. Why did you say I used the decal generator? I made my Firefox decal myself.
two hours good for you sorry I made an assumption shoot me rare I'm going to
make a penis decal I have to play the game just to do that I like in our chat
room there I'm just now reading all the chat room is that everybody is like
gasping and and saying that they're so surprised at the fact that I'm gay and
and Zaku says that Sky can't say nigga oh crap oh crap I just saw man I screwed
up and then of course my favorite term ever gamer color of Sakura says I'm a
gamer with a G a y-cat like get it gamer love it moving on color of Sakura wants
to know any suggestions on what 2dx song track I should buy I have 2dx red and
Happy Sky, so other than those two.
I love, love, love Fifth Style.
Go figure, I love Fifth Style's soundtrack.
So I suggest that.
If you're going to go old school, go for Fifth Style.
I used to wake up to that every morning.
Eight.
There you have it.
Neodude Zero says, what good dance pads are there,
besides Red Octane, that don't cost $500?
There's the kind you build yourself.
There's the one that DDR Game puts out,
but I'm going to be honest, we played it at E3, not impressed by their product.
Emmett injured.
That's right, that's right, I remember that.
Yeah, so honestly, um...
I suppose if you want something that is cheap and effective and you don't play a lot of cattas,
just go for the $20 Mad Catz ones.
I know a lot of people knock on the Mad Catz ones, but honestly, for the casual DDR player,
it'll work. It'll get you through the day.
Or if you take a soft pad and, you know, mount it on wood,
and, you know, do the, uh...
you know that's a good idea too yeah just basically mounting something on a
board
makes a soft pad even better a guana girl used to have that she came up again here
but as she used to have that at all the apartment they worked very very well
that was the first 9 footer i ever passed was on those me too i think no second 9 footer i ever did was on those
because i passed um electro tuned that's right
and then i but i no it wasn't electro tuned it was
it was something it was looping it was not a crisis it was looping looping
um... test location came out. I remember that.
That was so stupid. But good. It was good. And it was so easy.
I miss bimani parties. We need to have another one.
We do. I have a house now. Let's just get drunk and call it a bimani party.
I think once I get my house in order, I'm planning on having one. Badass. If Dan doesn't like it.
We should broadcast live from it.
That would rock. Legend of Zaku says, how come game chain stores and some small time
mom and pop stores treat new sealed games like beater copies
when trying to get money for them. Because they assume you stole them.
Honestly, I think that's why a lot of people have policies against sealed
games is because
it's assumed that they're stolen, and I know what you're doing. I know you didn't steal them.
I know you're trying to sell back promo copies,
but you're not supposed to sell back promo copies either. It's actually...
I don't know so much about giveaways. Giveaways is kind of a gray area,
but at least promo copies, usually when they do giveaways, they give away promo copies,
and as part of the deal with promo copies, you're not supposed to sell them.
That's why the, like with motion pictures and stuff, big deal, like they put the tracking
numbers on the screeners and all that shit, you know, eh.
Crazy stuff.
Almost done with the show, let's get to one last question here.
Rayne wants to know, what can I use to convert WMV3 encoded media to anything that isn't
WMV3, AVI, MPEG, DivX, etc. on a PC?
I have no idea.
I don't know enough about video encoding, I'm going to be honest.
You have to Google and look it up!
I'm hoping someone in our chat knows.
We just had a link posted to JetAudio.com.
There we go. There you have it.
Well, kids, it's about 9.30. It's about time for us to wrap up the show.
And I appreciate you guys participating tonight.
Sorry we didn't get to all the questions.
But it was a very popular segment.
Sorry about Skype, you guys. We'll be back next week.
I will reinstall Skype so we have it again.
That's it. That's the show.
And thanks to Miklotov and Extifer for being here in the beginning.
here in the beginning but uh... otherwise for just the three of us no
skype
not too bad so good job
okay uh... and uh... final thought time loki your final thought
uh... going into mario kart online right now so
if you wanna play me
that's where i'll be
my final thought is uh... loki should be preparing for the podcast
i've already done that
dark saga
Um, reject false icons, and thanks to everyone who sent me, uh, those emails, uh, with the
Welllicious.
Aw, that's sweet.
Sent out.
Our listeners rock, don't they?
Yeah.
Love you guys.
Oh, by the way, check out our website, OrangeLunchReader.com, in the upper right-hand corner now, we changed
our ser- because our survey thing was broken and kinda was screwy anyway, so we replaced
it with a new thing that has all these, uh, links to other sites, and you can vote for
us on Podcast Alley and Yahoo Podcast, please do that, help us out, vote for our podcast
Because really, word of mouth is the best way we can spread the word about our shows.
And we'd just love it if you guys would help us out.
And don't forget, in your Live 365 player, vote us to five as well.
I really appreciate the help, you guys.
And that's it. Until next week, this is Rob and Jamie and Matt saying bye-bye.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
We interrupt the fortune cookie message of the day to bring you the final word of the day, which is...
And now back to your regularly scheduled fortune cookie.
Soon to be released on world-famous Cheese Factory Records!
Take good, take bad, take those that make you mad
Facts of life, facts of love
The obnoxious, model-beating lead vocalist of a certain
chart-topping, heavy-metal, glam-rock band
sings a medley of all your favorite mid-'80s television theme songs!
Give her a stroke, give her a stroke, give her a stroke for the world
Including Small Wonder, Gimme a Break, Silver Spoons, and this irresistible ditty
You'll be just a hundred years in the sky
Available only on world famous Cheese Factory Records
which is part of Underdog Entertainment, which is part of Columbia Records, which is part
of Sony Music International.
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
Okay, God I hate this microphone, I want it to burn in hell, that's it for the show, we're
taking you back now to Bamani and video game music, so please kids, reconnect to the station
in about 15 seconds, and whore up our ratings, because we love being hoarded in our ratings,
because then we can sell the...
