I can't get enough, I want the love, I want the love, I'm burning, I'm burning, burning
Burning like a ball, yeah
With a Sparkin' Hot, with a Sparkin' Hot
Hey!
Just get a job!
Let's walk it out
Just go and find a, find another mother town Just go and find a, find another mother town
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
The following program is intended for mature audiences.
On tonight's program, we are going to make sweet, sweet love to Red Octane in harmonics.
And we're not even going to charge him.
We'll be back after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Oh, God!
Heh heh heh heh heh! Call me daddy!
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
...bleh, uh, mooch, uh, moochocky.
Just kidding! Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Why isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki
We are live!
This is episode number 163 for this November the 6th of 2005.
You're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio, radio that gamers really want, and this is Orange
Lounge Radio Live, your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games,
as well as the gamer community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me, as always, are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest bunny on the farm, Miss Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How you doing?
This microphone is heavy.
I also drink the blood of young virgins.
Hot.
I'm having it for dinner right now.
It is salad dressing.
I think that's what I think that they use in their salad dressings at McDonald's. It has to be something that tastes fairly...
We may have to switch mics, because for some reason that one's not picking you up so well.
LA!
Let's do this. Just make sure when you're talking, the little switch is out this way, otherwise it won't pick you up.
This is my microphone.
I know, but I switched it because we had trouble...
Don't change things on me! It makes me anxious!
And when I get anxious, people die!
They're all gonna get you.
Mmmmmm, salad.
Something's weird with this microphone. Like, it is really quiet. I don't know.
Everything's breaking!
I blame the powers of darkness.
Oh, here we go. Here we go. A little better.
Yes, Blame Jack Thompson.
Here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Blame Jack Thompson.
It is Jack Thompson. He's trying to sabotage us because we speak the truth.
Alright also joining us on tonight's program say hello to the one and only Loki
Huh, oh hi Loki, thank you for joining our program tonight. We appreciate it
Thank you. Glad to be here fucking RRC work
Something is wrong with my microphone like I'm not as loud as I usually am thank God
Check check check check there. We go there. We go now. I can hear myself
So?
Oh, darn!
This internet sucks.
It really does.
All right.
Anyway, now that we've got our sound issues worked out, we can actually have ourselves
a little bit of a show tonight.
I know I want to talk a lot about Guitar Hero, because it's really cool.
And we're also going to talk about, of course, our weeks and our day.
We're going to talk about a cool interview that we're going to have on tonight's podcast.
And then we're going to talk about whatever tickles our fancy.
And then we're going to set a guitar on fire.
We just might.
So first, say hello to our special guest, because it wouldn't be a show if we didn't have some special guests.
Say hello to Bugd.
Hello to Bugd.
And also say hello to DDR Angel.
Hello. My salad just exploded.
That sounds hot.
You don't want to know.
All right, and Extifer is around as well.
He might pop in a little later in the show, hopefully to give him some movie review.
He's smuggling his new Mac.
Yes, he's making sweet love to his new Macintosh.
And I'm gonna get one soon too.
I'm gonna get the laptop. Another.
Alright. We'll be back after this quick introduction to talk about us.
And what's going on in the video game world. We'll be back.
I figured we could maybe continue the theme of the pre-show tonight,
because the pre-show tonight was a lot of disco music.
So we're gonna continue on and get down.
I just needed to culture everybody because it's here tonight fever soundtrack is fabulous. It is great
So let's get down right now G's more cowbell more orange lounge radio. We'll be back after this join us and chat
www.orangeloungeradio.com, click on chat.
So now I can fall fools to the ground
If you win it, let me hear it
If you win it, don't doubt
We hittin'
Tell me, who be the crew
Who be the crowd like the comin' on through J.P.
With the J.T.'s vibe from the A.P.
You know how it goes, celebration, babe
That's about all the brothers that matter
That's about to be the crew
Let's see what you're in
You can be doin' it, yeah
Like some kind of studio J.P.
But the fuck's still gonna be good?
J.P, J.P, J.P, J.P, J.P
When it's time to die
Come on, I wanna get down
I need this, this, this, this, this, this
Get up, move up out the door, it ain't much time, it ain't long
And there's bright lights starring no coke flow
So what?
A kung fu fighter in a disco
He's out to take his chance, he knows the honey's in the house
Only coke for romance
He's got a white suit on, five past one and the night has just begun
It's when he lays it on with the style
A lady's mad with a nice smile
And right before his eyes
He sees a pretty old thing looking real fly
He wants to make the score, so he takes the hand and leads her to the dance floor.
He's leaving her line after line.
She tells him that he looks real fine.
He gives the man perfect timing.
He's right when he's combo fighting.
Come on, come on.
Come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on!
Come on!
Oh!
Take it girl!
And you're gonna move my love!
Oh!
Take the prize!
I'll make you sing
But it don't mean a thing if it ain't got that swing
Don't mean a thing
Call me swinger
Come on
Swinger
I like you
I like you
Swinger
Yeah, whoever sees you swinger
Swinger
Do your thing
Swinger
Now everybody sing
Don't stop the music
So far that I'm falling in love, falling in love
The sections on the top keep moving, moving
The beat is just west is grooving
Rob is here, put it in gear, lean your head
Cause the beat is real funky, kids
Let's rock and roll with soul
I hold the mic and go cause Rob is in full control
Name same, a game of fame
I'm what I see from Rob, the rhyme with rhyme being made
So far that I'm falling in love, falling in love
I love the music
Don't stop the music, don't stop the music, don't stop the music, don't stop the music
I just love the music
Don't stop the music, don't stop the music The keys, they'll go away
Hello? Hello is this thing on? Testing. Testing one, two.
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything on how to run a radio show.
Hello? I don't understand this. Does this thing work?
This thing reads like stereo instructions.
Is this on?
What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio. Broke-down ghetto Pamani radio.
What the f***?
Hi, kids. We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
And I know we've been having some mic problems tonight or something,
so we tried fixing it a little bit during the break,
so I hope that our mic quality is a little better now.
now but if not you'll just have to deal with it I guess well I don't know we
tried to patch some things up and we checked Mike out and replaced him yeah
that's right we fired so hopefully things are a little bit a little better
now anyway those responsible have just been sacked yes and those are the
sacking is have also been signed at Infinium assembly a giant foot comes
crashing down on our program will now continue the rest of this program in the
That's why they haven't kicked us out, right?
Yeah.
Moving on, I want to get into this real quickly, because we were talking about this a little
bit during the break, before we get into a little bit of How's Your Week, How's Your
Day.
But Loki's randomly surfing the internet, as he does when he's on this program, because
he doesn't really like to participate in the program.
He just surfs the internet randomly and giggles once in a while in the corner.
So Loki, what was this article you found about the AOL guy?
You found an article about the AOL guy?
The AOL guy is basically selling himself to make custom WAV files for your email programs or what have you.
And he's charging, I believe, $12 per WAV file or something like that.
He's already sold himself to the devil. He may as well sell himself to everybody else.
Can you get him to say anything?
Well, I have no idea.
make him record a WAV file and send it to my ex that goes, you've got herpes.
It says, let's see here, yeah, one WAV file, it would be $12 for a non-AOL file, $30 for
five files, so that's a little break there. It says basically, it doesn't really say what
else he'll do, just pretty much whatever, I guess, you want.
Is there a limit to the number of words he'll say?
I don't know. It doesn't say.
I wonder if I'm singing I'm a little teapot.
I'm a little teapot. Short hand stout.
You've got mail. You've got hot tea.
I think he'll do you've got mail and stuff.
you've got mail Bob or you've got mail you got served nobody graces to give him
like a name that has no vowels and it just like all consonants you can
technically get away with that if you used a lie that's true no but just like
some made-up thing is like my name is you just hit a bunch of keys you know
known
exerts the access to con or something you just make it up and like when he
doesn't say it right now no you bastard that's my name emphasis on the x
some ancient egyptian name
or like uh... my
awesome
so yeah they can pronounce something in a while she'll totally screw it up
in a foreign language can you imagine what it must be like as him you
know it's just
It's just really bad stuff, I mean, you know, he's all makin' love to his wife, oh yeah,
you know, just really weird, he's got a weird voice.
Dang it, I only get hot when you say it!
You've got male.
Oh, baby!
It's like, remember, um, it was Carlos, not Carlos Menzies, but, uh, Paulo Francisco and
the movie guy, and the movie voice guy, and him, you know, making love to himself.
Oh, yeah, I think that's an old, yeah.
A passion.
Anyways.
Alright, anyway, we're gonna start off tonight's program as we always start off every week's
show with playing a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, and this is the
part where we find out, in the hosts' lives, how was that week, or day.
Talk, Sakura?
My week was crap in a basket.
I'm not even a well-put-together basket, it was sort of like a mildewed basket like you
find in the thrift store.
Eww.
Yeah.
I went to the doctor Tuesday with a migraine, and so now I found out that my brain might
be broken.
So I get to go in for a CT scan on Monday.
Fine, huh?
I don't want to make a joke, but I have to say this.
It's not the tumor.
I eat fat in the car.
The only time my headache wasn't present was when I was really drunk.
I don't want to come across as insensitive to the listeners, so...
I have the diagnosis. You're allergic to sobriety.
That's probably it.
I know, I'm so smart. That'll be $50, please.
Guess what? Bite me.
Better insurance.
I'll tell you, Bill, that I can't sit on the air.
All right, so I'd like to talk here and lots of it you're gonna have to drink the thing that tastes like chalk and I
Don't know no because they're testing my brain. I'm sure it'll be fine. You'll be fine
I have a headache right now, too. I have the same headache that I have had since Friday the week before
So I'm not very happy and they put me on stuff for migraines
They should put a couple pills underneath her head so Neil. This is your brain
brain, this is your brain on drugs. This doesn't even make sense. Her brain is on drugs, therefore
when she's getting whatever, you know, a CAT scan or whatever. Oh, okay, I got it, with
the egg, okay. I have a magnet that says, this is your brain, and then this is your
brain with a piece of toast and bacon. I haven't gotten, you know, a little known fact, I actually
collect fridge magnets I like to put them all over my fridge because they're
awesome but not the poetry magnets those don't count because you know getting
like 200 magnets with random words on them that's cheating so I like the real
magnets and I haven't gotten a new one in a long time you know one of my
favorite stores in the world I know there's one of them on Pier 39 in San
Francisco is the the magnet town I don't even know what the hell the name of it
is something like I'm sure one of our San Francisco listeners is gonna correct
me but like magnet place or something I love that store it's awesome magnets are
cool bumper stickers of my back to my broken brain oh sorry I think that our
listeners are probably very amused if I found out what I was actually on they
keep saying Vicodin I'm not on Vicodin I'm on something else that I'm not gonna
tell you what I'm on but they would laugh because it's the last thing anyone
ever expected me to be taken like pros actually ish I don't know I don't know
it's actually called a triple whiskey shot awesome at least I wish that they
have triple whiskey shots in the pill so you don't get the burn you just take the
whiskey pill okay well I hope I hope you go to the doctor and and everything is
is okay and they just find that they need to let the hamster out or something
I don't know.
Dude, if they gave me morphine, I'd be freaking happy.
Alright, anything else you want to share about your week and your day?
Um, I need a new job.
Okay.
Now hiring.
Uh, Loki, how was your week?
How was your day?
My week was pretty good.
Um, the entire week was basically filled with, um, work and plain death matches in, uh, Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories
because my boss loves Grand Theft Auto, and so now instead of taking a 15 minute break
and playing something, we go down into the theater and play four player multiplayer deathmatch
on Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories and take a half an hour break. And it's okay because
the boss is there too, so hell yeah. Do that twice a day. So, that was pretty fun. As promised,
I have made sure to, um, you know, participate in the Biggest Loser thing, and I'm happy
to say that I have eaten fast food every single day this week to meet my quota, and, um, yeah,
other than that, really, um, not too much else.
You've got heart problems!
I'm fine. Shit. Um, I went and saw Saw II last night. I have to say, though, I was quite
It wasn't as gory as I thought it would be.
It really was a letdown.
I mean, I don't know what everyone was saying. I was expecting, like, you know, fountains of blood.
There is not even nearly enough blood in that, or gore, or anything.
So, they really are going to have to impress me with a Saw III.
And you know there's going to be a Saw III.
Oh, yeah. Stupid bitch.
They shouldn't have given the main guy cancer, or it should have been cancer that doesn't progress that fast or something like that, you know, magic cancer or something.
I don't know. Try not to give away all the plot points of the movie in case some folks want to see it.
He has cancer! Cancer!
Yeah, whatever.
Alright, anything else we want to share?
No, really, no.
Okay.
Alright, uh, Angel, how was your week? How was your day?
Mmm, good. Hang on.
She was a salad and swallowing you.
I mean, I'm just kidding.
I'm very proud of Angel today.
What?
For eating a salad.
Well, yeah.
I'm very proud.
See, we may have just said that X4 had to do it, but, uh, he's on.
because I'm actually following the rules so we'll see how far this goes I've been
I've been pretty good now I didn't agree to the no fast-food thing but I've only
had fast food twice this week because I realized I did have it I had once today
and once after last week's show so I've been averaging only once a week so
that's not bad and when I go I don't supersize anything or whatever and I got
a decent sandwich so I think I'm doing okay you know it's better than my like
usually like three or four times a week so I'm good well feeling good for me
like I didn't really know where the guidelines went for me I just kind of
grabbed the mic last week and I was like uh does that mean I gotta do it too and
you guys just kind of gave me that look I'm like fine you know so yeah I'm doing
really good I have been staying away from fast food and regular soda and blah
blah blah and all that other stuff and I only ate one piece of candy on Halloween
so damn it be proud!
Good job!
What was the candy? What was the candy that broke ya?
Um, I think probably candy corn!
It's just evil!
Actually, no, it was like the little tiny square piece of um,
Snickers or something.
Oh, one's not gonna kill ya. I mean, one's okay.
It's just that you can't have one five times a day.
And like, uh, little tiny vanilla Tootsie Roll.
Aww.
They're so good!
Oh wait, it was Halloween.
Everybody was allowed to cheat on Halloween, right?
Yeah, but I just kind of started anyway. I was just like, eh, whatever. I'm gonna get used to it. I'm gonna have to get used to it, so...
All is good.
When's our next weigh-in? When are we gonna do a weigh-in and check on the progress?
After the show?
Oh, crap. I didn't know we were doing that.
Wait, did I just say yay? Oh dear.
How about we do it in the last take?
Okay, we can do that.
Is it left, right over, and now we're progressing?
I have everything written down.
Okay.
But only you can see.
But I have to, but I've got to actually make up the chart for everybody.
Okay. Sounds good.
I'll look forward to later in the show.
Oh! You remember that little thing I kind of announced last week?
Like, oh boy, let's hope I get it or whatever.
Uh-huh.
I got word back, and I opened my email on Thursday at...
What time was it? Probably about 6.30.
Congratulations, you're a member of the member advisory board, which is that little council
I was talking about last week.
So what exactly will you be doing as a part of that?
Six month term, working closely with staff to advise on the community and pretty much
NDA stuff.
Cool.
Okay.
Very cool.
All right.
Let's see.
My week and my day.
I just had a long week.
I did a lot, a lot of work this week.
it's been a very exhausting week but good I mean in a good way you know I
like my job and stuff so it's cool went out Friday night with the one and only
dark soccer that was pretty cool because we went out to one of the local bars so
we just kind of you know sat around we just we chilled I drink a lot yeah we
watch people dance and I watched because I drove so I didn't get to really do I
have my one drink when we got there because it's okay to have one drink as
long as you provide yourself enough time for the drinks get out of your system
him, which we did, because we were there a good two or three hours.
But meanwhile, I watched DarkSakura drink, I don't know, like five different things,
four or five different things, and she was pretty happy by the time we ended up going
out to dinner.
So it was a good time.
And I was introducing somebody new to Jamie, who got to meet Jamie for the first time.
So I'm sure he kind of got a kick out of that.
No, he thought you were cool.
And then, you know, that night, actually, this would be Friday night, we were watching
Elimidate at my friend's house.
Not Jamie.
Jamie was at home in bed by this point, but we were watching Elimidate, and on the TV
came a commercial, and it's the commercial featuring our very own Dark Sakura and Loki
for the Guitar Hero story that's going to be on TV on Tuesday, and it's awesome.
And it was just cool to see that during Elimidate, because I know that's like one of Loki's favorite
shows.
I thought Eliminate and Blind Date, because they're on back to back.
I know you guys watch Blind Date.
It was on during both shows, actually.
So...
Whatever.
Anyway, we actually have that story.
So we're going to...
Not the story, but we have a little promo.
I just want to play it for our listeners here, so they can hear Dark Sakura's quote that
will be in the news story, because it's pretty funny.
So let's see here if we can get this to play.
a little bit of movie time here on Orange Launch Radio. Loading, loading, loading, come
on. Here we go.
Tuesday on WB58 News at Ten.
It feels like playing an actual guitar.
Get the rush of rocking out for an audience right in your own living room.
I love the remote, so I play that one and be sedated.
There's a fun new way to make your musical dreams a reality.
You're actually creating music and playing in front of a crowd.
Find out why this rockin' new game could be a big hit this holiday season.
People of all ages are really getting into this.
Tuesday on WV58 News at 10.
I love how in that promo there's like one shot of Loki for like two, not even a second.
There's just like a shot of Loki going, no, no, no, the guitar and that's it.
It was the equivalent of Loki's foot basically being in the new story.
So it's great. And what else is new?
This seems to have a neat thing where I nod my head.
I think that's cool that Dark Sakura is talking about their emotes.
That kind of amused me when I saw that on TV.
Anyway, we posted a link to that on the website, and of course Tuesday night is when the story
is going to air, and we will hopefully have something.
I'm thinking the news stations, because it looks like they put a lot of their news stories
on the website, so I'm thinking the news station might actually put it on their website, which
would certainly make it easier for us to share it with all of you, because if they put the
promo up there they'll put the story up there and then hopefully we'll have so
much fun 2.0 so excited I hope you know I'm guessing they're not even gonna let
me say anything that's probably the guy in the background so what do you think
about this game it and then they'll just cut away you know what's great is my
ignition pad is over there and it's in the background of one of the shots so my
My ignition pad got more screen time than you did.
My Konami guitars are out because we've been playing guitar freakin' before.
Right on.
And the Joe Mania set was out.
Awesome.
So, anyway, let's talk about Guitar Hero a little bit, because I finally managed to pick
up the game this week.
I picked up Guitar Hero, and I've been playing the shit out of it since yesterday when I
got it.
It's really great.
I was really surprised, considering that, you know, the last game Red Octane put out
I wasn't too impressed with.
This one, being done by Harmonix, is so wonderful, and it really makes me hopeful for whatever
Red Octane is going to do in the future, maybe going to some other types of music.
I think the music game community is going to win big if this game does well, and a lot
of early reviews for this game have great scores.
Like I think GameSpot gave it a great review, I know 1UP.com gave it a perfect 10, was a
9.2 out of 10 that's higher than a lot of DDR games get so that's I think what
people are really liking about the game is it's very accessible so it's it's it
is it's a fun game my friend came over yesterday for our stargate marathon and
she was I was playing a game while she was making pancakes awesome and holy
pancakes really yummy and I was playing just a couple of stuff she's like oh my
god they got their original sounds like no no the cover songs are that good
But the covers are really good.
They went to a great length to duplicate the effects.
Yeah, they did.
I mean, some of them, like the Franz Ferdinand song that I kind of like, is in their sounds,
just like the original.
And like Iron Man sounds great.
Some of them aren't exact, but they're close enough.
They're closer than any Karaoke Revolution I think has been.
I was freaking playing Thundercat 65.
That was cool.
Yeah, it's awesome.
It's got a great song.
My only kind of boo-hoo part is that there's not more songs playable at the very start
because yesterday, you know, I had some people over, we were wanting to play Guitar Freaks,
or Guitar Freaks Guitar Hero, whoops, we wanted to play Guitar Hero, and there was
very little available at the very beginning of the game, so it's kind of like we actually
had to play a little bit to get some songs, so that was kind of a eh, but, you know, it
didn't take that long before we started opening more stuff, so.
They should let us pick the songs for the next game.
Seriously, where's Freebird?
You think so? No Freebird!
I want Freebird!
They need to have Freebird in the sequel.
No Freebird and no Stairway to Heaven!
They need Freebird, and they need Stairway, and they need, um...
Blur.
I was gonna say Sweet Home Alabama, but I guess we already have...
Blur.
Um, sure, we can have Blur.
Metallica? Like Old Metallica, not New Sellout Metallica?
Metallica.
I want to get some really hard rock stuff in here like you know I'm gonna get some metal like even get some filter in there you know some of that stuff even you know even though they've kind of dissolved as a band gravity kills would be fucking awesome because they just had really
really good guitar sections in the whole stuff.
See, that and Rammstein. Rammstein had tons of really good guitar sections in their songs.
We need Guns N' Roses.
Yeah, we need Welcome to the Jungle. I'm sorry.
Welcome to the Jungle, man, welcome to the jungle.
I hope they link up to a later game. I hope they decide to do a drum game.
I mean, I guess that would be too similar. But maybe hook up...
Well, I guess they can't even hook up to Karaoke Revolution because it's another company.
But somehow hook up to another music...
Me too!
You know what Red Octane should revive is keyboard games.
They should launch a keyboard game that would be badass.
Expensive but fun.
Van Halen would be awesome too.
A lot of great suggestions there in our chat room. www.orangelaunchradio.com
Click on chat.
Like a song that needs to be in the next Guitar Hero? I'm down for that.
We're going to do that.
Alright, so we'll be prepared for that a little later in the show.
What else I wanted to say about Guitar Hero though, you know what my favorite thing about
Guitar Hero?
Is the art direction.
The art, and like the sets, and the little like, just like there's little jokes that
make the cold game go, like when you're loading and going to a new stage it shows it turning
up to 11.
You know that's the female guitarist, with the short black and red hair, who is actually
modeled off of a real person.
Really?
Aren't they all supposed to be modeled off real people?
Well, I know there's like the Keith Richards clone that I just sort of freaked out over
because the first time I saw him pop up was with a flying V. I was like, it's my dog!
Yeah.
Nerd moment!
And, yeah, I just, the art direction of the game isn't, like the little pictures drawn
on the notebook, like they even have a unicorn drawn on the notebook, which made me think
of, anyway, I forget it, um, but the art direction of the game is great.
And there's just all these, I like the way it's set up, like it's different than a Bomani
game.
Really? Why is that just the ISO perspective thing?
Yeah. And the way it's moving? That's too bad.
I like the way it's set up. It's not like a Bomani game.
Because, you know, in most Bomani games, it's like, walk up, play, walk away.
And even on the home versions, until Extreme 2's mission mode, or whatever the hell it was called,
until Extreme 2's thing, most of the DDR home games and most 2DX and Beatmania guitar freaks,
it's just walk up, play your songs, walk away.
The music is not nitty.
Well, that's true too.
That is awesome.
I'm talking about the setup, the way the game is presented.
Like, you know how in DDR, it's walk up, play your songs, walk away.
I like how Guitar Hero kind of has that setup, like the career mode.
And it's like, you know, oh, we're going to play at the house.
And then you get the review in the newspaper, and it shows the newspaper with the rating.
That's why it breaks out.
And then it shows the bill with your manager's cut, and the food cut, and the bribery cuts,
and all that stuff, leaving you with so much money.
so much money. All that little stuff goes a long way in amusing me greatly, and that's
important to amuse me greatly. So the way the game is presented, it's not the same even
as amplitude and frequency, because amplitude and frequency is almost walk up, player songs
walk away. The way the Guitar Hero is set up is cool, and is part of what makes that
game so great, and stand out so much differently than Guitar Freaks. Honestly, Guitar Heroes
and Guitar Freaks are very different games. Yes, they both use guitar controllers, but
You've got Guitar Hero has five buttons, which changes things completely.
And the whammy bar!
And the whammy bar!
Absolutely.
I was wailing hard, okay?
The way you turn your guitar up, the wailing thing, like in Guitar Freaks it was called
a wailing bonus, it's done like strategy-wise in Guitar Hero.
Like you want to tilt your guitar up at a certain time to maximize your score.
Like they put a little thought into, okay, what could the guitar tilts do?
And then it also changes the animation on screen so your guy just starts going fucking
nuts like spinning guitars around and stuff. One thing I do sort of miss is it was in Guitar
Freaks with the hidden notes. Where if you, you know, managed to find the hidden notes,
it would just pop up a whole new set of notes. Or the open picks. Yeah. But still, I mean,
Guitar Hero has... You should get freestyle points. Oh, like a freestyle mode? Yeah. Well,
Guitar Hero still has a long way to go, too. I mean, this is just the first release, and
kind of hope that there'll be more releases of this in the future and I
think I think this game has the potential to do very well I know I
bought the last copy of Best Buy yesterday so that means they're already
selling out and I got mine right when the shipment arrived at our game stop
right low-key oops I was going to mention that the
game's not even supposed to be out yet but technically but actually I'm going to go
So I wouldn't say officially it had no street date on any of their ship packages, therefore it could be released as they do.
Well yeah, I mean, games don't really have street dates, but the whole thing was they were not supposed to be shipping until Tuesday anyways, so a lot of the stuff's early.
I think that's kind of one of those things, they did it in the groove the very same way, like it didn't really have an official release date, it was just, you know, we're going to ship it out whenever you get it.
We got it pressed faster than we thought we would, so here you go.
So that's cool.
I mean, so it's out there now if you guys want to look around, but probably Tuesday,
Wednesday is when you're really going to start seeing this game out there just about everywhere.
And I think it has the potential to do very well.
I thought it was interesting, and I remember bringing this up on the show before about
the MTV partnership with the game, but I kind of forgot about it until I booted up the game
and saw the MTV logo.
And even though MTV kind of sucks, I think the partnership is going to be great exposure
for the game.
And what's really cool about the game is that all the unlocked songs are unsigned bands
with a real song like the people that won the Be A Guitar Hero contest
and you know, littler bands, I guess I shouldn't say unsigned, but more
littler, not-so-hurt bands. The only band in there I'd really heard of before was
Freeze Pop
because they have a song in there that you unlock and it's badass. I love the Freeze Pop song.
Get ready to rock.
It's great.
So anyway, I definitely give a
glowing review to Guitar Hero. I think it's fabulous and you all should go buy it if you want to
play guitar game. The price tag is a little bit high, so maybe they'll come down in price
after Christmas, and maybe it would be a better time to get it, but it's great. It's so much
fun. Any other thoughts on guitar hero? No, we'll talk a little...oh, Angel.
I like how the notes at the bottom of the screen, like the colors for the notes, because
it obviously goes with the buttons, but they're bright on the screen, so for me, it'll be
easier to play since I am color and shape oriented. Well, you guys knew that, but yeah,
so it'll be easier for me to play, and for those that have difficulty like I do, well,
it'll be a good thing, so I can't wait to pick it up! Ah!
Alright, sounds good. Yeah, it's very bright, and all the colors stand out. It's very nice.
I can see it! Very nice. Basically, the way it's set up, just imagine
its frequency or amplitude except you don't move around the tube it's just the
ISO view of the notes coming at you which sometimes can be a little bit
bothersome though because you can't see the notes as far in advance and for me
I'm really big on noticing the measures like in guitar freaks you can see the
little lines that show you the measures but in guitar hero it's harder to see
those lines and judge because it's at an ISO perspective so it's kind of I don't
know it's kind of tricky but those are really minor minor complaints I would
hope that in a later version you could maybe change that like tilt the
perspective to something that works better for me like that would be great
if you could freely rotate the perspective I'm sure it's possible but
that's a very minor complaint in the scope of things honestly it's a great
first release a lot of promising things kick-ass song list I love it it's great
all right so I think what we'll do is we go to a break and we come back from
break we're going to talk a little bit about I want to talk about DDR Mario mix
for a minute and then we're also going to do tonight's list lists about guitar
guitar hero. We haven't done listless in a long time, so that'll be cool. Now, unfortunately,
I don't have any music from Guitar Hero yet. I only have guitar freaks. But since we're
in a guitar-shaking mood right now, we have to, I guess, take a moment to recognize some
guitar freaks. So we'll be back after this. Maybe we'll have some Guitar Hero music later
on. We're gonna try and rip some of the music from it. The songs are very long. Like, there's
some songs in there. Yeah, they're like five-minute-long songs.
I think I'm playing Smoke on the Water.
My hand is about to fall off.
This song's long. It's like seven minutes.
We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
I guess we'll start off this break with a little bit of...
We'll start off with a classic Guitar Freaks tune.
We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Now get an eight niner to scramble I got my car all set to scramble
Don't really know where I'm from, so
I've been put down on the pedal
I've got pedals to the metal
Rolled down the highway just like a fireball
Turned my concealer so loud there's a fireball burnin' out of control
Ain't no tornado, so smile over the sky like I can't move
Yes, I can
This is my transition, nuclear fission, minimal role
I need a guy to beat a fireball, burning powder to go
God has to live his every way, but that is in our own
Speaking and his spirit's far off, we have to go
I'm gonna getcha!
It's great, man!
Baby do you want the juice, baby do you want it, baby do you want the juice, baby do you
We're back here kids on Orange Lounge Radio and we're just trekking on along here after
that Guitar Freaks break.
We were checking out during the break some folks in our chat room posted that some websites
out there have leaked some new Beatmania screenshots, screens from the brand new Beatmania game,
and I totally missed this. I guess these were actually released earlier in the week. But
very interesting, some of these screenshots. Maybe I missed this before, if this was previously
announced, but I noticed one of these screens shows the free scratching zone deal, which
kind of looks like, it looks like the freeze notes in the seventh mix in the final that
they had, but they're not quite...
No, this is something way back from Five Key.
I don't remember the free scratching zone.
Yeah, this has been in there since even Beat Media 2.
God, I totally don't remember them.
Okay, well that's cool. I forgot about them.
How often do they use them in songs?
Not very.
The Five Key game I probably played the most of was Beat Media 6 Mix and Core, that release,
and I don't remember seeing this in there.
There was like a couple songs, a handful.
Very interesting purple-y interface there, and also, by the way, which shows that V is in the game,
but that shouldn't be a big shock to anybody that V is going to turn up in Beat Media USA.
Why not? It's been like every other...
Every Japanese release since 5th, every single one.
Did you know that 10th Style is only like a few days away?
It's not that far. I think 10th Style is like 10 days away, somebody was telling me.
Crazy.
So Beat Media is very purple. It's a very different interface.
I can appreciate that they're doing something new with it, not just, you know, cloning a
Japanese release and taking out some songs and putting in different ones.
It makes the game feel very much like ours, even if you don't care for purple or don't
really care for the interface, at least it's something a little different.
Analogy?
Sure.
That's what I thought.
Anyway, so if you want to check those out, it looks like oneof.com has posted some of
those screenshots, but I'm sure they've made their way around the internet.
check your favorite Game News Wire site, and I'm sure you can check out some more of those
pictures for yourself.
All right.
I think what we'll do now, before we get to List List, because I don't think everyone's
quite ready to go yet, I think what maybe we'll do is we'll go to the Skype line and
take some telephone calls on the Skype line, www.orangelaunchradio.com, and click on Interact
with us if you would like to get more information about how you can call the program. You can
either use your computer using a program called Skype, or you can actually use our brand new
phone number, which I don't remember off the top of my head, but it's posted on the website.
But the phone's already ringing. I don't need to give out that phone number. We're going
to go right to a call. So, hello, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hey, Skye, I'm Ziggy here. Hey, Ziggy, how you doing?
uh... but i thought that they did right now
you were right
a little bit and
anticipated like that
because uh...
ten days left beat me to the extent
i'll see it
that's right you tell me about this before the show that we we don't have
much longer to go before ten thousand we out that's awesome
yeah well i got a little news about ten thousand yes for those who haven't
caught up with it yet
but yeah what's that
two happy sky songs have been confirmed by ten thousand yes
what's that
that uh... lesson five and under the sky
awesome so um... that we get a little so that we don't just get one we get to
happy sky songs that's good news
so far there have been a twenty four unconfirmed songs yet
no really
probably until this thursday we walk we won't be seeing the uh... you know
economy's gonna reveal the uh... entire complete song list
hopefully by this thursday
well yeah i think if the game comes out very soon
all those songs of course
you know by l.e.d.
it's all v it's all remixes of v
yeah v has been confirmed for beat me in the u.s.
not a big surprise though honestly not a big surprise to me either
so in fact if v hadn't have been there
you know people would have complained
where's v? why did they put v in there?
konami hates us konami hates america
coming out of the u.s.a.
why did they put my fucking video in there?
so
you know that's how it would have been
yeah
uh...
talking about uh... other stuff uh... well you haven't premiered the uh...
motsu moto go the goalie allies bonus track yet right no i i keep meaning to
and i always forget to uh... play it but it's it's a great so i love the video
the video is very cool i really love the video too and i'm hoping that this song is going to be
on the tenth style cds you know as a bonus song
it might that'd be cool
if those who should i reveal it now or uh... sure do it
okay
here's from the uh... gory allies bonus track
here's uh... taro with al-farsi r about i think it is going to name it all but i
had actually played a lot of not about that
after all we can play will play uh... how long is that i don't know what it is
about two minutes uh... forty five second but i thought that while we go
ahead and play that um... i gotta get it though here we go
okay so here it is well okay
from the top. Introduce it again. Here's the Golielek's bonus track and
Tarah with Al-Farshir. And for those in the studio, you can see the video if you want.
It's pretty cool.
You
Now, that song is pretty badass, I gotta say. It's a really good song, and I do hope that
song does turn up in Ten Style's one of the hidden tracks, because it's great. And the
video's great, too. Like, you know, we're kind of sitting here in the studio watching
it, and I'm hearing, ooh, I need an LJ, how can I do that? Ooh, I need to cosplay that.
I need to do this. So it's got a nice video. I like the setup. For those who weren't able
to see the video, it basically is kind of like this epic battle with all the 2DX characters.
That's kind of what it is, it looks like.
Yeah.
It's like a bit from Eden.
Yeah.
And some just, like, Lilith is, you know, I mean, Siren is dying on Lilith's arms.
Mm-hmm.
And then, you know, for those who haven't seen the, for those who haven't watched the
video yet, and then in the end, like, it's Erica and Shiloh, like, in each other's arms.
Yeah, it's a neat video.
If you're into the 2DX characters and the artwork behind it, it's just a great video
that compliments it very well.
So thank you for reminding us to check that out, because it's a pretty cool one.
So thank you.
And no problem.
All right.
Well, anything else you want to share with our listeners?
Well, nothing much else.
Hopefully when I get my copy of Tensa, I will give you the details.
All right.
Sounds good.
We'll be looking forward to hearing it.
Yeah.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Have a good one.
Later.
Later.
Okay, um, we're gonna go to another call now here on the Skyline, and we'll see what this person wants.
Hello, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Guys there?
Yes, we're here. Can you hear me?
We can kinda hear you. What's up?
Uh, not much. I'm eating Doritos.
You're eating Doritos again, huh? How you doin'?
Uh, I got nachos this time.
I'm sorry?
We got nacho cheese this time.
this time nacho cheese this time i what's on your mind
uh...
i really hope for mario kart ds
you're hyped for mario kart ds i'm really hyped for this too i think it's
going to be awesome to you
be able to play people across the uh... internet and all that stuff
news video i just saw it
was it twenty five minutes
just
bunch of stuff
crazy
So, um, this game's out, what, like a week from Tuesday or something?
It's out, um, yeah. It's the week of the 14th?
Sometime during that week.
That's the date.
I'm excited for it. It's gonna be a good time.
Yeah.
So, um, and now I hear you can have, like, up to 50 people on your friends list or something through the game?
Uh, I don't know. They didn't say that.
It's only four players, though, over the Internet.
Well, I'm not too surprised by that,
because eight people would be an awful lot of bandwidth to have going everywhere.
Yeah, you don't want all that lag and stuff.
Any other games coming out soon that you're looking forward to?
You still have to give Midway Arcade Treasures 3 and DDR Mario Mix.
Midway Arcade Treasures 3 is pretty good. It's a pretty solid game, if you like racing games.
If you're waiting for more Midway Arcade stuff for the PSP,
Arcade Treasures extended play is coming out in December which is going to have a
bunch of the old stuff plus Mortal Kombat 1 and 2.
Very cool. I know about that. Very cool.
Alright, anything else you want to share with our listeners?
Oh yeah, I got a link to this one site. There's this guy
who has like made tons of progress on
hacking the DS's Wi-Fi chip and stuff. He's pretty much got it,
running. Huh. So what does it do? Right now he's just trying to make the connection to
a Wi-Fi hotspot. Yeah, this is a guy that's, he's already won the bounty basically for
the Wi-Fi, and now he's just finishing up like the last bit of it, but he finished enough
of it to where they gave him like, I think it was like $4,000. Oh, I remember you mentioning
that on a previous podcast about that.
Very cool.
1400?
Like that?
Something?
Yeah.
Well, that link's in our chat room, www.orangelandradio.com, click on chat.
Another thing, just more Mario Kart DS stuff, there's actually a, the decal maker, you know
what I'm talking about?
The decals you can have in it?
On Mario Kart?
Yeah, can't you make your own decal or something when you're on the internet?
Yeah, it has a thing that'll appear next to your name and also actually go on your cart on the front of it and stuff.
Yeah, that sounds kind of cool.
I'm going to post another link. They actually have a decal base on this site.
And you can make one before the game's even out, which is really cool.
I've got one here. It's actually the Firefox logo, and it looks really good for just like 17 colors.
It uses that technique of criss-crossing colors, you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
To make them look like a different color.
Okay, I'm going to check that. So wait, you can make this before the game is out, so you'll be able to transfer it from your PC somehow?
Well, you're not going to be able to transfer it, but you can, like, plan out and make one already, so then, like, you're going to have to recreate it, unfortunately, but...
Mr. Game & Watch!
Jamie's getting excited over there because she saw Mr. Game & Watch, so...
Yeah, that's fun.
Awesome, it's going to be a good time.
Alright, well thanks for sharing all those links with us, and we'll be all ready to kick your ass when Mario Kart DS comes out.
Oh, don't be so sure about that.
It's on tournaments and we will have some type of orange lounge DS
I thought I'm sure we want to I know my dream is to have the orange lounge village on a
Animal crossing where you can come you can come to our town and have Jamie wacky with a bug net
I'll be a good time. We'll have that set up Sunday nights during the show or something
We'll have like the orange lounge village where you can come I have all these great ideas. I can't wait
it is right here. Okay. Alright, well have a good one. Thanks for calling. Thanks. Alright.
See you later. Lots and lots of people hammering the line tonight. Let's go to one more call
for now. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Hi, this is GS-191. Hey, GS-191, what's on
your mind? I just want to come on and hold out the Orange Launch Radio Frapper. Yes,
now the Frapper, this was something that you created that you were plugging on the forums.
This is pretty cool.
Tell our listeners about this.
It basically just lets you, you can like, let listeners
like, are you still there?
You cut out for a minute there?
Yeah, yeah, I'm thinking.
Sorry.
That's all right.
Let me help you out.
It looks like something that's based off of
Google Maps or something?
Yes, it is.
So and it allows you to plot points?
Yeah, kind of so, but you guys as the listeners can plot
points on this map so we can see where you live.
Yeah, pretty much.
And I'm going to post a link.
Oh, it looks like we both did at the same time there.
Post a link to the official Orange Lounge Radio flapper so you guys should go visit
it and plot yourself on the map.
And that way we can see just where all our listeners are.
And so when we see that we have a lot of listeners in one area, we might have to go, oh, we better
send somebody to a tournament or something, get some coverage out there.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
And plus, it's just kind of neat.
It's kind of neat to know where all the listeners are.
And of course, if you go to the Frapper, you can see on there that there's a high concentration
of people in the Sacramento area, which of course makes sense because that's where our
site's based.
I know.
But it's kind of neat to see the dots outside of that.
It's fascinating to see the worldwide appeal this show has.
It's great.
So go add yourself to the Frapper, boys and girls.
And if you're not in the chat room and couldn't get the link, it's www.frappr.com slash orange
Thank you so much for making that and suggesting that, GS-191, and I hope we get tons of people
on it so we can be giddy map people.
I don't know.
All right.
Sure.
Thanks.
Yeah, sure.
All right.
Take care.
Okay.
You too.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
We're going to go ahead and turn off the Skyblind for now.
We will take more calls a little later on in the program.
I think, at this point, we're going to go ahead and get into the Orange Lounge Radio
Cage Match for tonight.
Does that sound like fun, boys and girls?
We.
Alright, so I've got to get the Cage Match music queued up, but of course we had a retiree
from last week, so we're going to have three brand new songs in tonight's Cage Match.
So tonight's Cage Match is going to take a little more time than usual, because we're
going to have three songs in their entirety.
Let's get it started.
Alright, the way the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match works is that you have to be in our
chat room at www.orangeloungeradio.com. We are going to play three songs for you and
since there is no reigning champion because we retired last week's winner as it was its
fourth win in a row, that was Pendulum with Hold Your Color, that song was retired, we're
going to play three brand new songs for you in their entirety. So you're going to vote
for your favorite in our chat room at www.orangeloungeradio.com and your favorite songs that you guys vote
We'll go into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's 24-hour day, 7-day-a-week
Romani and video game music program, which has had a lot of you guys listening to it
lately, so we appreciate that.
All right, so let's get it started.
I guess I will go ahead, since I technically hold your color by pen norm, although it was
technically my pick for the cage match, it wasn't really.
I let somebody else pick that song for me, so I myself have not picked a song for the
cage match for quite a while, so I want to start first, if you guys are okay with that.
And my song tonight is by a group, it's a very famous group, it's a very well-known
group, but not so much over the years, it's kind of cooled down a little bit.
They have a brand new album out, and it's pretty good, I really like the lead single
off the album, so I want to play it for you guys tonight, it's my Cage Match pick.
It's Depeche Mode, and the song is called Precious, and it's my pick for song number
one on tonight's Orange Lounge Cage Match.
My God, what have we done to you?
We always tried to share the tenderest of care
Now look what we have put you through
Things get damaged, things get broken I thought we'd managed, but what left unspoken Left us a prison, there was so little left to do
Angels with silver wings, shouldn't know suffering
I wish I could take the pain for you
If God has a master plan, then only He understands
I hope it's your eyes you see
Things get damaged, things get broken
I thought we panicked, but words left unspoken
Left us to pretend, there was no reason left to give
I pray you learn to trust Have faith in both of us
In your thoughts for two
Things get damaged, things get broken
I thought we'd met, but words left unspoken
Left us a prison, there was no answer left to give
Alright, that was song number one in tonight's cage match, that was Depeche Mode with Precious.
Was that song the precious, or was that song the crappy?
Our judges in the studio will let you know.
Dark Sakura.
I haven't really cared for anything Depeche Mode's done since the 80's, because as I'm
you know prone to calling them depressed about yeah there's a little emo
it's very sedate it actually reminds me of actually some of the stuff from
Silent Hill 3 along the same lines I like it a lot as listening it gets a 10
for cage magic it's an 8 okay it is a little emo I'll go ahead and do my
ranking it is a little emo and a little sad for cage match but um I just I'm
I'm in a chill mood lately, where I'm in an emo mood, I guess. I'll admit it. I could be emo once in a while.
So I give that song an 8 as well. It's fun. Loki.
Now, I was going to say, Depression was kind of going the way of Crystal Method, where their last album sucked.
Crystal Method's last album sucked, but the one before it was really good.
And if this is one of the best songs on the album, then I'm kind of leery because I really did like Exciter.
Cider. That was one of my favorite Depeche Mode albums. And this one, it's okay, but I have to listen to the rest of it before I can make my judgment on the whole thing, but I give it an 8. It's pretty good. It's just Depeche Mode can't really do wrong, so...
Alright. 8, 8, 8, and now it's Angel's turn. Angel, what do you think?
It's Depeche Mode. It's cool. Um... 8.
I somehow knew she'd give it an 8 as well.
How could you not at that point?
Alright, 8's across the board for Depeche Mode Precious.
But remember, it's not up to us to decide.
Our scores don't mean shit. It's like that game Whose Line is Anyway.
The scores don't mean shit. It's up to you guys and your votes in the chat room.
We're just kind of coaxing you into which songs we think.
I believe that was the first time we've done that across the board actually.
In a while. I know it's been done before.
Because I remember sooner or later there was a mix of girls.
Those are the cage match horns that got like zeroes across the board from everybody, including Loki.
Anyway, let's go on to the next song, the second song of tonight's cage match.
We're going to go ahead and do Loki's pick. Loki, what did you pick tonight?
I picked the song that's off of the CD.
It's actually pretty cool.
Kalinda, I've never heard of them before, but they're on one of those compilation trance CDs.
And it sounded pretty good.
good it's upbeat short that's all you need to know it's upbeat and short all
right well we'll be the judges of that here it is song number two in tonight's
cage match, Kalinda with I'll Surrender.
All the times you did me wrong
Reasons wouldn't last for long
Now I'm feeling alone
With a shelter aware
Could I find a way to change your mind If I had a chance to make it right?
Is there a moment to leave it all behind?
Could I find a way to lose this pain If I had a chance to call your name?
I'm surrounded, I'm given a disguise
Oh, that you did me wrong
Preaching for the love of love
Now I'm feeling left alone
I'll surrender, I'll surrender I'm giving up this fight, I'm giving up this
Oh I surrender, I surrender
I'm giving up this fight I'm giving up this fight
Oh I surrender, I surrender
I'm giving up this fight, I'm giving up this fight
I'm surrounded, I'm surrendered
I'm giving up this fight
I'm giving up this fight
I won't love you anymore
I won't take it all for sure
I won't love you anymore And I'll surrender
I won't die you anymore I won't take it all for sure
I won't love you anymore And I'll surrender
generic I have to admit usually those are types of songs I'm a sucker for and
there was some lovely instrumentation in that song and the woman did have a
pretty voice but I'm just I'm too emo for that song tonight I really am in an
emo mood today so I can't appreciate that song as much as I should so I have
to give it like a six I'm very sorry Loki Loki it gets an eight and ironically
enough that the amount of Mac sim files have been posted by myself since they've relaunched.
Beautiful. All right, Angel, what did you think of I'll Surrender?
It was okay. Seven and a half.
Seven and a half from Angel. Okay, song number three tonight is Dark Sakura's Pick.
Dark Sakura, what did you choose for us?
Only by Nine Inch Nails, just because.
Just because?
Yeah, I've been in the mood.
Is this like one of their hard-hitting industrial songs, or is this kind of a...
You'll find out.
Oh, snap. Okay, we will. Here we go.
Well, song number three is Nine Inch Nails with Only.
I'm becoming less defined as days go by Fading away, well you might say I'm losing
Focus, kind of drifting in the abstract
In terms of how I see myself
Sometimes I think I can see right through myself
Sometimes I think I can see right through myself
Sometimes I can see right through myself
Less concerned about fitting into the world
Your world that is
Cause it doesn't really matter, though it doesn't really matter, though it doesn't really matter anymore
None of this really matters anymore
This time alone, then again I always was
As far back as I can tell, I think maybe it's because
Because we were never really real
And when I just wake you up, I just wake you up to hurt myself
And who works?
If you destruction
There is no you
There is only me
There is no you
There is only me
There is no fucking you
There is only me
There is no fucking you
There is only me
Only
Only
Well the tiniest little dot caught my eye and it turned out to be a stab
And I had this funny feeling like I just knew it's something bad
I just couldn't leave you picking up the scale
There's a doorway trying to see that you're so shy
But I'm climbing up
Now I'm somewhere I don't have to have to be
And I can see things I know I really should have seen
And now I know why, now I know why
Alright fellas, sorry I'm laughing because they're having this soda versus pop debate
in chat.
We'll get to that in a minute.
For now, let's review song number three, Nine Inch Nails with Only.
Is that the only song for you, or is that a song you would like to, I don't know, equiv-
uh, equiv-late to Nine Inch Nails on a chalkboard?
That's awesome.
Careful there.
Yep, gotta turn it.
He's a piece of shit.
Careful there, yep, gotta turn it.
He's a piece of shit.
I know, weird mic tone.
That song just, it's got the, that emphasis it didn't normally do, but it's a lot more laid back.
Probably gets me a date from me.
You know, it's not the usual Nine Inch Nails song, and if I was in a normal mood,
I would probably penalize the song for not sounding like a normal Nine Inch Nails song.
However, it fits my emo mood, therefore it gets a bonus point, and I give it a nine.
Loki, I am in a normal mood and I'm going to penalize it for not being a normal Nine Inch Nails song.
It gets a five.
Alright.
Angel has left the room momentarily, but we would assume that she would give it, like, a ten.
Well, yeah, she gave everything else an eight tonight. Oh, there's Angel.
What would you give that song, Nine Inch Nails only?
Uh, eight!
See, there you go, have an eight.
But remember, it's not up to us, it's up to you.
Here are the three songs you can vote for tonight.
A quick recap in tonight's Cage Match.
Three brand new songs, no returning champions.
Song number one, Precious, Depeche Mode.
And song number two you can vote for tonight is
Kalinda with I'll Surrender and song number three you can vote for tonight
is Nine Inch Nails with Only Alright kids, place vote now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote for Depeche Mode.
Song number one, Calienda, song number two, or Nine Inch Nails, song number three.
Do it.
Do it now.
All the cool kids are doing it.
And if you don't, you are going to get a massive wedgie from all of us.
Loki, what's going on in the sim scene, dare I ask, in the Dance Dance Revolution and other
music gaming simulation?
As I mentioned before with the eight brand new Max remixes, not much as far as the sim
goes on my cell, or at least all the submissions, but there is another tournament going on.
Since TourneyMix is gone for good, hopefully, we have OSC 4, or the Original Step File Competition,
4. And basically the rules are a little bit different than TourneyMix, and basically the
The main stuff is, let's see here, basically the staff can't enter, which is probably good
because why would they be voting on their own songs?
But anyways, there's going to be one, I don't know, it looks exactly the same to me.
To be honest, they have different divisions, DDR, in the groove, and keyboard.
So I'm guessing playable, not quite playable, and not playable would be those three categories.
And it doesn't really say when the submissions are due yet, but let's see.
My mistake.
November 13th is when it's up.
So you said that Turnamix is gone forever?
Supposedly.
There is no public voting, so basically it's just by panel review. The public though can
post the reviews for the songs in each division when they're released and rank it. The average
score from the public review is then taken and will make up 50% of the song's final division
score. So, and hopefully, hopefully, they will post, or they won't post, who the song
is made by. You know, they make it fair, but I don't think that's gonna happen. So yeah,
that's about it. Other than Dance Tracks, a new StepMania-based game making its way
to the web, and of course, hopefully pretty soon, the arcades. No real details on it at
all, other than the fact that you've got, you know, people like D.M. Ashura, Beat Drop,
and just other people doing music for it. So, it'll be interesting. That's it.
Alright. Moving on, DarkSakura, I know you were surfing the web a little bit there in
the background, and you found some pictures from an upcoming movie that we're very excited
about.
I thought maybe you wanted to share this with our listeners.
Oh, yeah.
Silent Hill movie images up on IGN, one of our listeners linked it on our website, on
our forums.
Anyone who was basically naysaying, if these images are any type of indication, it is Silent
Hill.
It's official.
Very, very perfect.
Down to the environment, down to the...
Even the colors the characters are dressed in.
Even the colors that the characters are dressed in is very somber.
It completely matches the style.
I'm very excited after seeing the pictures.
It looks like they're going to get it right.
I'm so excited that they might get a video game movie right.
I'm just elated, so I'm very, very happy about that.
Of course, then again, the Mortal Kombat pictures were cool when I first saw them, too.
But I have hope.
These three can look like they're from the game, only, like, better quality, of course.
And in other news, during the Saw II of the previews, they played Blood Range,
which I yelled out in the middle of the audience,
A MOVIE FUCKING SUCKS!
Everyone laughed.
I need to see Doom so I can laugh at it.
I think Doom has already fallen out of the top ten movies.
It's gone.
and made, I think, like half of its budget back, if even that.
Let's see, and what else? Oh, did you guys hear this week what movie
has got a push to be made now? A video game movie was licensed out and now
has a directory attached and the script's being written for?
Castlevania. Castlevania's being turned into a movie.
It's got to be done right, that's all I think.
Well, here's who's attached to direct. I believe his name is Paul Anderson.
he was the guy that did Mortal Kombat and Resident Evil.
Well now, Mortal Kombat was a good movie, and Resident Evil was a good movie.
Well, I liked Resident Evil, shut up.
They were fun.
I'll give it that.
They weren't Oscar caliber movies, but they were fun.
Mortal Kombat, I think, was done right.
They were tolerable.
You know, when you put them next to a Uwe Boll movie, I mean, honestly, it doesn't look
that bad.
They actually are pretty good.
Mortal Kombat was, you put Mortal Kombat in the movie next to Street Fighter in the movie,
and it's like, oh, I watched Mortal Kombat like 20 times, seriously.
So honestly, probably Paul Anderson to date has set the bar for a decent video game movie
that is yet to be exceeded.
I don't think there has been a better video game movie than Mortal Kombat or Resident
Evil.
I'm quite excited about the Peter Jackson Halo.
But see, with Silent Hill on deck and Halo, eventually, I think it's going to push the
bar up.
I'm hoping.
I hope so, too.
And people need to stop making movies.
Period.
Of course, we talked about in the last podcast, the Dungeon Siege is going to be two movies
four hours long.
Epic.
Epic.
It's an epic Yui Bowl event.
I have not actually seen a Yui Bowl movie yet, just because they're so bad, but I really
need to sit down so I can nitpick them on particular issues, because I know that just
the movies overall are really bad and uninspiring and just awful, but I'm kind of curious to
see BloodRayne, because at least she gets naked.
So at least they've got that going for it. So yeah, that'd be good.
No, no, no, I was just... I don't even need it. Bye, bye.
I thought you were going to comment on something. Weren't you excited about Castlevania, the
movie, or as I call it, Castlevania?
Mmm, Simon. Simon?
Okay. Let's hope to hell they get the right actor
to play Simon. I know, why don't they just have Hugh Jackman do it again?
i have an idea how we get
indies all the place seven belmont
albino
well jim carrey is
so i don't know what you know i'm not not to throw this topic in the gutter
but vin diesel is a very very big joke
around where you're going to have a little bit earlier
whenever
vin diesel plate or else we're seeing a bit all the characters in the movie
british apparel as simon belmont
but
that never mind
jigsaw the clown is simon belmont
anyway
moving on uh... that should be interesting i'll outlet
don't know before we go break i want to talk
about uh...
xbox three sixty
and of course i want to bring this up again on the podcast later but all
Oh, speaking of tonight's podcast, damn, I said I would get this out at some point.
Tonight's podcast is going to be the winner, because we have not one but two interviews
on tonight's podcast.
It's going to be cool.
We're actually going to be doing a follow-up.
I don't know if you guys heard about this, but Kings Quest IX, there was this fan project
going on to create a fan version of Kings Quest, because Vivendi, when they basically
bought Sierra, said, oh, we're not going to do any more Kings Quest games because nobody
plays them, which, obviously, because the huge community out there turned out to not
be true, because there's a great King's Quest community out there, well, they were starting
to create their own version of King's Quest, King's Quest IX, and Vivendi sent a cease
and desist to them a couple weeks ago. Well, now there's this huge campaign to save them.
Tonight's podcast, we're going to be talking to the guy that started one of the biggest
websites out there about the campaign, and we're going to be talking to the project director
behind King's Quest IX, the fan version. So it should be very interesting, KQIX, as they
call it for short, so tune into that. But also, this is something I probably will address
on the podcast as well, but I have to bring this up on the live show because I get more
time to rant here than I do on the podcast, and that's to do with Xbox 360. Now, Loki,
you were saying that you're going to be getting yours on launch day.
Well, every day I kind of question that more and more just because of what Microsoft's
doing their trickling in the allocations, so it's like, okay, X-Store, you had 200 Xboxes,
thank you for pre-selling all of this, we're going to send you 10. You know, or like, you
know, stuff like that. It's just really ridiculous. The store I booked mine at is not as busy
as the other store that I used to, the GameStop I used to pre-book stuff at was in the mall,
you know, a high-traffic GameStop and stuff, and it was a bitch and a half to try to get
anything from them. So now I've booked stuff now at the GameStop that's only a couple blocks
from my house. It's really small. There's never really anyone in there and that type
of stuff. So I'm hoping that there's not that many people that have booked them, and I got
in on one of the few that they've got. But even like some of the stores that hardly have
any orders for them, they're not getting hardly anything. So it's really iffy. Hopefully I
I am because I've got two games on order there and two on order at my work, and so I'm really
trying to get a lot of this stuff in, plus I'm trying to butter up the people we sell
to, the publishers, to have them send me some free stuff, but that's a whole other story.
But yeah.
You know, I got to play an Xbox 360 kiosk finally.
What is that?
Best Buy has them, two of them in the area have the kiosk set up, the one over by Birdcage
has one, that's where I played it yesterday.
And they have demos of Cameo and Call of Duty 2.
And King Kong?
No, just those two.
Or at least those two were the ones I noticed that were playable.
I know they had videos of a bunch of other ones too.
I don't remember King Kong's playable usually.
But it might be a different disc, who knows?
Yeah, I just missed it completely.
But I did notice specifically those two games were playable.
And I have to say I was incredibly underwhelmed with Cameo.
Cameo was the one I really paid attention to.
Call of Duty 2 had pretty graphics and stuff, but Cameo was a little bit underwhelming.
I can see where people are making these Xbox 1.5 comparisons, where it just looks slightly
better than the Xbox.
It's not much better.
I'm surprised because Cameo was actually one of the ones I was pretty impressed with.
All the first party stuff seemed to be pretty good, and Cameo was one of them.
I don't know if maybe the particular level or the sub that they have is not very forgiving
to the game, but the one that we saw, they were showing kind of like the draw distance
of the game and stuff and there was like hundreds and thousands of like these creatures just
battling on this field and then she rides this horse up into this entire like volcano
type thing and looks down and you can see everybody fighting down below and just like
really detailed.
It looked really good and it's kind of like a Zelda type game and now with Elder Scrolls
being pushed to next year now, it's the only RPG that's going to be out there.
It's more of an action adventure game, I think, like Zelda, more than an RPG.
But more and more games keep moving, so it's tough.
It's definitely going to be interesting come launch day.
The jury's out now for me.
I was completely sold on Xbox 360 and I wanted to pick one up on launch day, but now I'm
not so sure I want to get one on launch day.
I don't know if I want to fight those crowds and stuff, so we'll see how that goes.
It's going to kind of depend on what mood I'm in that day, but after spending $70 on
Guitar Hero, I don't know if I want to spend another $400 on an Xbox, so we'll see.
Anyway, somebody in chat room asked me very nicely if they could call in because they
had a story related to what we're talking about right now, so I said, okay, I'll make
an exception.
So who do we have on the line?
Hi, it's Sephiroth1215 here.
Hello, Sephiroth1215.
Now, what did you want to say in regards to Xbox 360?
I actually said briefly in the chat room before, but no related response, I don't even know
people are paying attention but we're trying to stay on top of it but we also
enjoy listening to ourselves talk so it's kind of hard to stay on top of it
sometimes I think I saw it good but yeah I actually just went by a
Toys R Us today and I was able to reserve one guaranteed to get in a 20
second when did Toys R Us start doing reserves that's the point everybody
forgot about Toys R Us that's why I keep saying go to Toys R Us go to Target and
stuff like that because no one remembers about Toys R Us but Target doesn't do
I know, but they're going to get their games in.
See, the systems are going to be in at Target, you have to be there at six in the morning,
and they're basically going to go out there, it's first come first serve, the first people
in line or whatever get this card that, you know, entitles them to buy the system, and
then, you know, they keep doing it until it's sold out, and that's it.
See, okay, Loki, tell me, why should I buy an Xbox 360?
Why?
Why do I need one in two weeks or whenever the damn thing's coming out?
Well, personally, like me, I'm a consumer whore and I have to get it right when it comes
out.
Just mainly the reason why I want to get it so I can review this stuff right, you know,
kind of try to get an edge, you know, on everything because I know we're not IGN, we're not GameSpot
or anything like that, and so having this console now as opposed to two months from
now is important to me, so I need to get that stuff.
The other thing is, also, with the date of the PlayStation 3 kind of up in the air, the
next system that we know is going to launch is going to be in June, which is the revolution.
That's almost seven months away. I don't want to wait seven months, so I got to do that.
And also, Burnout is coming out in March, so...
Oh, yeah. There's the real answer. Okay. All right. So, how much did they make you put
down at Toys R Us for the Xbox 360?
50, but the problem is you have to get a bundle. So you have to get the, not the core, but
the, um, I keep forgetting the name, there's core and there's... Just Xbox 360. The plus,
the plus pack or what? Just Xbox 360. Hold on, I mean, of course you have to get the
premium version, which is alright anyway, because that's going to be the harder one
to find, and cores are going to be probably pretty easy, but still... Wait, are they making
you get games with it too?
Yeah.
I heard a rumor about this now. Wasn't there something on Slash Thought about how Microsoft
was like forcing retailers to make sure people walk out the door with two games or something
like that?
Well, you're going to have to because in order for them to be guaranteed to get them in,
they have to guarantee that they're going to do ten million dollars with Microsoft in
like I want to say the next year or in the next few months. So, ten million dollars,
you're going to have to push those games like big time.
Honestly, the more and more I hear, the less and less I want to support this system on the launch day, because I don't like their tactics.
I realize it's all business, and it's just trying to make money and stuff, and trying to sell as many as they can before Christmas, but honestly, there's got to be a better way of doing that.
The whole thing is, though, is they're trickling them out so they can say, oh yeah, it sold out on the first day.
Well, yeah, if you put out half the amount that you're supposed to put out, of course it's going to sell out, morons.
But the gamer community is well aware of what Microsoft's trying to play with us.
consumer does not and follow the game industry and they don't know better the
average consumer is not to be waiting at six o'clock in the morning after the
target when they're out there he wants to get his fucking xbox 360 for
christmas you better damn well believe people are gonna be waiting in line for
these things are fighting over they look at tickle meal no that thing is fucking
retarded but people went out and bottom gotten riots it's retarded but that's
that that's what it is it's the item for christmas that everybody must have and
And Microsoft wants to be that item, but what's funny enough is that actually it's the number two item for a Christmas iPod Nano being the top Christmas item right now.
Also, again, more reason why Apple should get into the gaming market in one way or another.
Yeah, because you know, they're really known for gaming and they're PC's.
If Apple and Nintendo teamed up, I swear to God, it would be a force to beat.
Apple and Nintendo, if they teamed up, they're the masters of getting people to buy the same shit over.
I mean, look at what Apple just fucking did.
They released an iPod and then they said,
no, no, no, no, you gotta have an iPod color.
No, no, no, no, no, you gotta have an iPod Shuffle.
No, no, no, wait, an iPod Nano.
No, no, no, no, wait, we got one that plays videos.
They're playing Nintendo.
Exactly, Apple and Nintendo, a match made in heaven.
Tell me it shouldn't happen.
I agree.
It should.
Okay, sorry, Sephiroth, we're just making you listen
to our rants there, but.
That's all right.
I think Loki's pretty much completely right
on this one, though.
Yeah, I hate to say it, but I know Loki's right on this one, but it just doesn't piss me off any less, though.
Yeah, we'll see what you mean, but us gamers have to get it when we can anyway, so...
I know. Anything else you want to share with our listeners?
Uh, yeah. I mean,
I realize getting a bundle isn't too bad, because
even with the games that it's coming with,
it's three games, and I could just go back to another towards Drus,
or go to a Walmart and return for credit
without a receipt, so it's not too bad. Now that's thinking.
I like the way this guy thinks. Smart idea. If you don't want to have to buy these,
forced to buy these games or whatever, then just buy them and take them back to another
store.
Beautiful idea. I like it.
Well, thank you so much for calling in. We're going to try and get past this topic
soon enough, but we appreciate your perspective in letting us know about
Toys R Us. That's a good, that's a good
FYI. And somebody in chat suggested Circuit City, which I think is another good idea.
everybody forgets about Circuit City and also there's some other places that you'd
never think to um... book a uh... 360
that one being Kohl's
I didn't even know Kohl's carried electronics, let alone having 360s
Kohl's is one of them um... also
like I mentioned before Target and Best Buy, Best Buy they're saying is going to have a lot more
because apparently
Bill Gates is going to be uh... whoring the Xbox 360 out at one of the best
spies in Manhattan, that's the rumor
at least and because of that there's a deal now where they're going to be
getting a larger allocation over everybody else
suckin microsoft's cock for more x boxes beautiful
and uh... basically i just a lot of these no source that everybody forgets
about just go check them and see if you get three sixty there
i mean cole's cold i think i got out of there with
on the next box three sixty and now and new underwear
But yeah, when I soil my pants at Dead or Alive 4.
Yes, anything else?
Honestly, yeah, it will be possible to get one by this launch day, I'm sure, if you just
try hard enough.
It's not too hard.
So I mean, if people rush out to Toys R Us like tomorrow, I'm sure you might be able
to get one reserved, but there's still going to be quantities.
And also, I say don't listen to the people at EVR Games because all they ever tell me
is no you can't go anywhere else. And I took off my money from my reserve at EB today and
they laughed at me saying you're not going to be able to get it. Because I guess they're
told that only reserve for them and you're not going to be able to get it is through
them.
No, I, they just, you know, a lot of their market is based on pre-sales and stuff so
I just, you know, I'm kind of surprised they're trying to, they're just doing anything they
can to get you to keep your pre-sale there.
I remember EB telling me that I couldn't find a PSP anywhere and then I took my money and
the best buy and oh hey look there's a stack of 30 of them yeah same thing
happened with me and the ds so anyway all right we're gonna let you go step
off but thanks so much for your call okay
bye okay bye
all right anyway uh appreciate that call there got us on a little bit of a rant
about xbox 360 um now this i think is really interesting and loki i saw you
had this up earlier can you go back to oneup.com and their story about the oh
oh, you already had it, great, the Xbox 360 versus the Dreamcast, I think this article
is so hilarious where they compare the Dreamcast, which, you know, Dreamcast, it didn't succeed,
but it wasn't because it was a bad system, because Dreamcast actually had a lot of good
stuff on it, Phantasy Star Online was, like, revolutionary, and the little, what was the
thingy called, the VMU, that could have, like, its own games on it, that stuff was revolutionary,
But unfortunately the Dreamcast didn't succeed.
So it's interesting to see them drawing comparisons to the Dreamcast and the Xbox 360.
So this article is over on 1UP.com.
Logan, read us like five or so comparisons here between Dreamcast and 360.
Launched the year before the competition, and that's the same on both.
Okay.
Um, let's see here.
Had a sleek white console following the footsteps of a bulky black console.
Now, technicality though, my Xbox is green.
Okay, yeah, but yours, the original one was black, okay.
The little swirly thing.
Now that I thought was eerie. The little swirlies.
Like the Dreamcast had the swirly and the Xbox 360 has the swirly too.
That is kind of eerie.
Let's see here. Here's another one.
Peter Moore spearheading the marketing for both systems.
That's creepy.
Let's see here.
We've also got promise to be an evolutionary system to someday play DVDs.
promise to be an evolutionary system someday to play
hd dvds
interested in our dreamcast
end up supporting
dvds eventually didn't know i didn't know they never did now i'm going to get
you know i'm confusing because you could play vcd's you don't think the internet
was yet to be
uh... using it
and then of course you know one of my favorites is
for the dreamcast miller saw a two trailer so much of its next generation
thunder and then for the access three sixty
miller saw four trailer so much of its next generation thunder
it'll be interesting to see what happens
but then they go into another now there's a spin-off article now it's not
all you know they're they're not trying to say xbox 360 is going to be
definitely
uh... you know fade away like the dreamcast did uh...
they do say that there's things that the uh... exercise he has going for it
that the dreamcast did not
there's like a
a sequel to the article on the on the site so
this is all about a lot of stuff that
You know, personally, it's just the people that are gonna be buying it aren't smart enough to, like, say,
okay, Microsoft, you know, you're really holding back your allocations, you know, that's kind of pissing me off
I'm gonna go buy something else.
People aren't gonna do that. They're just gonna be like, well, I'm gonna wait, you know, or something,
like, because it's the first system, next gen, that's coming out.
And PlayStation 3, it's really, it's always on the fence with me.
I'm not sure if it's gonna be a good system or not, because they keep saying,
Oh, now there's a problem with it overheating. It's not coming out until 2007. Well, if this thing comes out in 2007, it's going to be too late.
It's going to have lost the market share.
Well, now, remember the golden rule of gaming, Dark Sakura?
The system is only as good as the games on it.
Xbox 360, though, it has some pretty good games on it. I'm most excited.
They're launching better this time because they actually have something on it that is
not a fighting, a driving, or sports title on it.
They have, you know, like Cameo, and they have some other, you know, interesting titles
around launch.
The Elder Scrolls and stuff, so it's nice to see variety in their launch titles as well.
No, no, no.
They have Cameo.
Well, on the actual launch day they have Cameo, but they have Elder Scrolls, you know, not
that far out, right?
right with the oval
and the king kong
is a little bit different to give it that and the first-person shooter still
all sort of a moment
but i was not much of a okay with
yes so that they're coming out with some more stuff
all right
we're gonna break as we come after this break the long the promised we said we
didn't do it all night we're gonna get to it
listless we've done the same in a long time he said we were going to do it all
night
do it all night did not want to hear that song in this way cuz i don't hear
erotic tonight uh... but i do want to hear this request
yeah angel
you don't want to listen to erotic tonight what
i told you i'm in a mood i'm in this emo mood tonight i don't know what it is
well then go scare them with emo or something
well no i'm actually going to be i'm going to be a good
uh... co-host and i'm going to play a request that somebody requested in our
chat room and that was for some captain jack
so we're going to do some captain jack starting off this break and we'll be back with
tonight's list-list regarding Guitar Hero 2, hypothetically. Of course it hasn't been
announced yet, but come on. Come on. All they have to do is make their money back and they'll
be a Guitar Hero 2. There's gotta be one. Alright, we'll be back after this. We'll start
We're off with some Captain Jack 5th Mix style, yo.
No matter what, I never forget that it didn't work
I'm really smart guy
I'm saying something we all know
Da da da da la la
Pi ya la pi ya la
Da da da da da da
Pi ya la pi ya la
Da da da da da da
Pi ya la pi
Well if I could speak it now
Da da da da la mi la
Pi ya la pi ya la
Tastic tambourine, pinot noir
Oh, my tummy's drivin'
This video is sponsored by the Orange Lab.
This video is sponsored by the Orange Lab.
Welcome back boys and girls to Orange Lounge Radio and I bet you kids are dying to know
who won tonight's cage match because we had the votes tallied.
So tonight's winner is a very, very, very close vote, by the way.
Like all three songs, neck and neck and neck.
In fact, tonight's vote was so close, we have a tie.
A tie in tonight's cage match.
So here are the songs that are tied.
The first song that's tied tonight is Depeche Mode with Precious.
And the second song that is tied tonight is 9 Inch Nails with Only.
So apparently the chat room is feeling very emo, too, although there were quite a few
votes for song number two, just not enough, unfortunately.
So going to the Cage Match rulebook, the way we break a tie, the host who picked the song
that did not tie gets to break the vote.
So Loki, which song's gonna win?
Depeche Mode.
PESH MODE wins tonight's cage match.
Any particular reason why you went for that one? I don't know, I just like the PESH MODE.
Fair enough.
PESH MODE wins tonight's cage match. It was the most emo of the two.
You mean most emoist?
Yeah.
That's what, that's what, next week I'll be reppin'.
Mamma Mia?
No. Oh, can't wait. Actually, no, I won't be here next week, so yeah, Mamma Mia will be in the cage match.
Okay. Well, in two weeks, we'll look forward to it. I won't even be here.
You're gonna be at the, well, the Gay Frat House doesn't exist anymore, but you're gonna-
The Gay Frat House is gone.
That's too bad.
I will be living it up in SoCo, where my, uh, harem of, uh, adoring-
Wait, this is next week?
Man players will be waiting for me.
This is next week?
Are you gonna go see Harry Potter down there?
GASP!
GASP!
Harry Potter?
Yeah, actually, because I'm gonna be staying with a, with a rather odd Harry Potter nerd.
Now, the reason why you're going to be gone next week, you actually have a legitimate business purpose for being gone next week.
We are doing this.
Oh wait, next week. Oh, I'm sorry. This is the 16th.
I thought it was the week after! How dare you!
Well, I thought you made-
Make my heart stop!
Whatever.
Speaking of which, I have nobody to go with because, um...
You can come with us!
Tim Agust doesn't like Harry Potter.
You can come with us and screw him.
Okay. Anybody want to come kidnap me?
don't like literally screw him but you know
i don't do it anyway you sicko
anyway
uh... no but uh... but that's not going to be gone next week for a legitimate
business purpose right out of where you're going to meet my adoring fans
at the podcast awards alright
i'm going to be there
in all of my uh... dark glory
i didn't go because he wouldn't give me any like
time in the mike you'd be like
thank you for
and there is another thing you know i let you get to go up there and go it's
so much fun and you cut off
but the meanwhile i would like
i'd like to think
if you get that you know if you get actually go up there and you know you
should be doing a lot of work
so i'm actually gonna say it's so much fun in your speech i hope so no
called damn
will record it or something as we were here
and and i'm going to say
GIVE ME A DOOR!
If you'll sit down.
Don't embarrass us, DarkSockra.
I never do.
It's just a representation of the show.
Could you please thank my mother while you're down there?
I THANK YOUR MOTHER!
I'd like to thank your mom!
Alright.
Uh, we're gonna get into tonight's list list very shortly, but I do want to give a little bit of a reminder.
Ultramix3, right around the corner.
Ultramix 3's got a damn impressive lineup. Is that out this Tuesday, I think?
Next week.
Next week?
It's the week of the 14th.
Ah hell, I heard it was leaking early, I don't know.
Wait a minute.
I swear to God, again I'm going to go broke before my birthday, right Rob?
You also have that same week, Flow, the urban dance uprising, in case you feel a little bit like a breakbeat mood and you have the extra money to waste on stuff.
Yeah, like I said, Ultramix 3 is coming out and I know a lot of you guys are going to buy Ultramix 3 and you wouldn't want to buy any other dancing game except Ultramix 3 that day.
Alright, um, oh I wanted to mention something about DDR Mario too, I keep putting off the
list list, but um, DDR Mario, there's been tournaments going on like everywhere, there's
actually one here in Sacramento, I don't know if you guys heard of this, I didn't go, however
I heard that a whopping five people entered the tournament, so congratulations to whoever
won out of those five people.
Was it?
A free copy of Mario DDR.
Was it Andrew?
I don't know, no I don't think it was him that won, I think it was somebody else.
I don't know who won, but I know who posted about it.
Uh, yeah, explicit. Anyway, yeah.
I don't know who won. We'll have to find out from him.
I'm sure they did a fabulous job and
earned their Mario DDR, which is a game I don't think I'm going to buy.
Honestly, I'm just...
I'm not feeling the Mario DDR. I love Nintendo,
I love DDR,
but I'm not feeling the Mario DDR. It's just not... I know it would last five minutes.
The honeymoon would be over before it begins.
Hey, Walt, you know what you have to steal your money instead?
Mario Party 7
Okay, I'll go with that, because
I love playing Mario Party 7 because I'm an evil bitch when I play as Peach in that game.
I'm a vindictive motherfucker. They need
DS
Mario Party
so we can get some Wi-Fi going. I hope that was a rumor, something that was in development was the DS Mario Party.
We'll see though, because think about all the minigames, because the minigames are starting to get a little stale, but think about all the new stuff they could do with the pen.
Yeah. Be fun.
All right, let's get into tonight's Listless.
All right.
The way that Listless works, because it's been a hell of a
long time since we've done one of these segments, what we're
going to do is each of us here in studio, so it would be the
three hosts, myself, Dark Sakura, and Loki, and then our
special guest, Angel, because Buzz left.
He decided to go watch Family Guy or something.
We're each going to put in three entries, basically, or
three answers, statements, to tonight's topic.
Tonight's topic is song we most want to see in Guitar Hero 2.
Okay, so we're each going to name three songs, but then there's a twist!
What's a twist?
The twist tonight, as it is every night when we do Listless, is that then we go around the room
and each person gets to take one thing off of the list.
Oh, snap!
All right, and then you guys in chat, you get to vote on your favorite,
and then we come up through this highly scientific process we call Listless
of the top three songs we want to see in Guitar Hero 2.
Alright, so that being said, let's start it off. Everybody ready to go? Got their three songs?
Uh, there we go. Alright, Angel, you're lowest on the totem pole.
You start us off. Just messing with you. What's your number three pick?
Uh, I don't want you on a boat.
Uh, anything from Dragon Force. You guys are like, huh?
Okay, you gotta explain that one.
I'm gonna Google that, go ahead.
All right, anything by Dragon Force,
first thing on tonight's list.
We'll go over, I'll go next.
My number three pick for tonight's list
is the song Bitch by Meredith Brooks.
And I don't know if you remember,
this song from the 90s was kind of a one-hit wonder.
I'm a bitch.
I actually met this woman once, she was really nice,
and she actually is a really good guitar player,
and that's something people never really picked up about her
but she's inspired by Hendrix and all those people.
She's a really good guitar player,
and i just want to play bitch on guitar hero that would rock so uh... that's my pick for number three song
uh... my number three song is going to be kenny loggins with danger zone
that song
granted it's really cheesy and stuff but it's really a good guitar song
is that the same one from top gun? yep that would be the same one from top gun
uh... i thought that the queen of the show you to the last and number three
uh... eighty-three harry to hell
i'm going up the ones that we see now we're talking talking highway to hell
although
although i can't fucking stand that guy's voice
well i almost put in big balls
i love
I love the guitar. So that would be a bad ass song to play in Guitar Hero. I definitely support you. I will not take that off the list, I guarantee you.
Alright, let's go around to the number two picks.
Uh, Angel, what's your number two pick?
Pearl Jam.
Uh...
Either...
Let's see, fine, Alive.
That's a good band to have in Guitar Hero, Pearl Jam. We kind of missed some in the last one.
that's ok alive by pearl jam angel's number two pick
loki what's your number two pick
uh... my number two pick
what was the toss up
filter with hayman nice shot
is it true that that song is about some guy that killed himself or something
i have no idea
ehhh kirkamabes
no that's tasteless
I shit you not.
Wow, alright.
Uh, my number two pick, uh, my number two pick for a song that should be in Guitar Hero 2 would be
Uh, Are You Gonna Go My Way by Lenny Kravitz.
Cause that song's badass and it has a great guitar riff in it.
So I'm gonna, uh, do that. Are You Gonna Go My Way by Lenny Kravitz.
Dark Soccer, your number two pick.
Um, I'm going...
God damn this stupid thing.
Um...
I'm gonna have to go with, um, Metallica, and I've had a hard time narrowing it down,
because I... there's just a whole bunch of fuckin' good Metallica songs.
So I'd have to say, um...
Mmm...
Yeah, actually, I'm gonna have to go with, uh, Master of Puppets.
Okay, th-thank you, I'm glad she changed her mind at the last minute and decided not to do a new song.
a master of puppets by Metallica. Badass, I'm liking this list so far. We got some good
shit on here. We're going to rock out on Guitar Hero 2. I hope Red Octane's listening. Angel,
your number one pick for song you most want to see in fucking Guitar Hero 2. I'm going
to scare you guys with this one. Rainbow with Stargazer. Just because the guitar in that
and that's pretty cool.
I have a massive question mark over my head.
Really?
Richie Blackmore.
Anyway, yeah, 1976.
You don't want to know.
Okay, some classic stuff.
Some old classic stuff.
Stargazer by Rainbow.
Alright.
Loki, your number one pick for Song of the Audit.
Damn well, better be in Guitar Hero 2.
Uh, Soundgarden with Black Hole Sun.
Nice pick.
sign that by sound i didn't get it
and if
if we are still going to get to uh...
if we had to be out of that's what i feel that it is all tied by the who
doesn't love but i don't think you know that if they could do it where they
played a video in the background of the stage while they're
just don't mind that i have been
monitor in amplitude they did that
i remember you can see that the point twenty-two video and i want some
all right my number one picture song i would most want to see you tired here
too
would be more human than human by white zombie?
Shit yeah.
I am the red moon down, look at that blue moon.
I love that song, so we're gonna do more human than human by white zombie.
Dark soccer, your number one pick.
It was a really tough thing for me to think of,
um, however I'm gonna go with blur song two.
So, woohoo!
One, three people who only know it as the woohoo song.
I knew that blur gorillas would be on your list somewhere,
that's a good choice not at all i think there's no other way okay but i think more people
of course more people know you know everybody knows that one so yeah am i allowed to kill one
no i mean yes okay what uh change dragon force i can't believe i said that but change dragon force
to
uh...
Foo Fighters Everlong
Everlong?
Alright, so here's the list as it stands so far.
Everlong by Foo Fighters
Bitch by Meredith Brooks
Danger Zone by Kenny Loggins
Highway to Hell by ACDC
Alive by Pearl Jam
Hey Man Nice Shot by Filter
Are You Gonna Go My Way by Lenny Kravitz
Master of Puppets by Metallica
Stargazer by Rainbow
Black Hole Sun by Soundgarden, More Human Than Human by White Zombie, Song 2 by Blur.
You know what, fuck, let's just send this to Red Octane and say this is what we want.
I mean, this is a great list right here. This is an awesome list.
As you know, I do think that our top three, we actually should say,
hey, all of the listeners of Warriors Lounge Radio voted and want these songs in the next game.
You know what's interesting about this list, though? No Nirvana.
We have Foo Fighters, I was thinking it.
I was mentioned that I almost put it in with the White Snake, Here I Go Again.
Oh, so many good songs. This can only be the beginning of many great songs. There's many, many great songs.
Obviously we missed some big ones, but these are the ones that are near and dear to our heart.
If this is going to be tough, I know I say this every week that it's going to be tough to eliminate songs on the list, but tonight especially, this one is going to suck.
Because this is a really good list, but we have to do it. It's part of the game. Let's start taking them off. Angel.
Oh, no. I can't do this! No!
Uh... Oh, geez.
Danger Zone.
Alright, say goodbye to Top Gun. Danger Zone by Kenny Loggins coming off the list.
Loki, what are you taking off the list?
Um...
I'm just gonna have to take off Bitch, it's just not as rocking as the rest of them.
I wasn't too attached to that song being there, I just kinda had to throw that in there, cause you know, I'm a bitch.
I would have.
Yeah, so, um, my turn to take something off, I...
This is tough, and I apologize, but I kinda got the question mark with this song too, and maybe it's just because I'm uncultured.
I have to take Stargazer by Rainbow off the list, I just, I'm sorry.
People, pick up two of my picks!
No, that's fine, um, I can send you the song later and you're probably gonna, like, kill
yourself later, cause you'll be like, oh, why did I take that off?
No, you know, you got ACDC and you got, oh, oh, you mean, oh, I thought you meant-
You made me hit the hard choices!
Yeah, we'll leave you with a very hard choice, Darksider.
Here's the list, Everlong, Highway to Hell, Alive, Hey Man Nice Shot, Are You Gonna Go
My Way, Master of Puppets, Black Hole Sun, More Human Than Human, Song 2, you got a very
you get a very difficult choice. You're not gonna make any friends either way, so you
might as well just get it over with. Thank you. Just rip the band-aid off. DMD, Si.
Everlong. Everlong by Foo Fighters. Tough choice, though. Of all of them, that one's
my least favorite. That was a tough choice. Alright, so here it is. This is the one you
guys get to vote on, so send us your pick. Your number one pick and we will determine
in the top three. Send it via private message to Sky in chat. We have Highway to Hell by
ACDC, Alive by Pearl Jam, Hey Man Nice Shot by Filter, Are You Gonna Go My Way by Lenny
Kravitz, Master of Puppets by Metallica, Black Hole Sun by Soundgarden, More Human Than Human
by White Zombie, and Song 2 by Blur. Alright, send a private message to Sky with your vote.
vote. And no bleached assholes! You guys are fucked up, seriously. We have your roommate
to blame for that, you know. I know. Bleached asshole. Alright, so we will reveal the definitive
list a little later in the program. And I will personally throw up on the doorstep of
Red Octane if they ever put corn or Slipknot in it. Okay, corn I could deal with. Corn's
pretty cool until like until they hit MTV corn was very cool like adidas you
know all day I dream about that that was a cool song but you know when they kind
of you know started being on MTV all the time I didn't dig him so much but no
slipknot no please no please God no however guar would be awesome
See, all of Winona's big down beaver.
Winona's big down beaver.
Winona's...
Oh my God I forgot about that song.
That song was badass.
My ex boyfriend in Alabama was like the worlds biggest Primus fan.
So we would go down his civic MRX playing Primus at like downtown Mobile and then all
the old people would wake up.
Or just the theme song to South Park.
So those votes are coming in there into the chat right now.
Let's talk a little bit real quick.
We are going to take a quick break so we can allow all the votes to come in.
However, I want to definitely plug some of the spin-off programming here on Orange Launch
Radio.
And we'll start it off with Monday nights on the station.
Extrofer, who's not here tonight, he's spending some quality family time, his sister's over
and I think they're watching a movie.
So Extrofer has his show on Monday nights, it's Extrofer's Case of the Mondays.
And it'll definitely clear up any Monday blahs that you were having with his very frank and
honest talk.
And last week on the show, he had John on the show last week, and John doesn't even
play games, really, although I did catch him playing Final Fantasy VI once, but it's the
show where they kind of talk about games, but they talk about cool stuff, too.
So if you just want to have a good time, Monday nights on the station is extra first case
of the Mondays.
Now, Tuesday nights is also a very good time.
Why is that dark soccer?
Because I rule the radio. It's pump up the volume and this week actually by popular
requests we are having the Margaret show-a-thon. Very cool. Wednesday nights
on the station is the Rob Roberts show. Last week on Rob Roberts show Rice
Princess and Lanky Style stopped by. We had a pretty good time. However they're
not going to be here next week but we're still going to have a really good show.
I'm very excited about the show this week. I think this is the week I'm going
do my 80s marathon because fucking a I love the 80s and actually you know what
song I've had stuck in my head all week long a word up I've had cameo in my head
all week so I have to get that out of my head so we're gonna do that this
Wednesday on the Rob Roberts show and also I like to somebody said I just sit
there and read slash dot stories but it's so not that it's so much more than
just telling you guys what's popular out there on the interweb so I I read FARC
stories and dig stories too okay give you some credit but no we have a good
time I like my show it's fun so tune in Monday Tuesday Wednesday nights on
orange launch radio Thursdays and Fridays to come soon maybe we'll see so
all right angel comment maybe maybe we'll see what happens all right so
So, while we're, uh, finishing getting your votes, um, we would start the FUs of the Week
normally, but I can't, I don't want both those things to overlap each other with the private
messages.
I can only handle so much.
So we're gonna do a quick break, and then we're gonna come back, reveal the winners
of tonight's list list, and, so get those votes in now, and we're gonna move into the
FUs of the Week, because I know y'all are angsty, and Dark Sakura has a new theme song
for her FUs tonight, and I'll tell you what, it's probably the best damn FU theme song
yet, I think.
It is.
I forgot what I picked.
Well, you'll find out when we get back or if you're nice, I'll tell you during the break
So we'll be back after this in this break
I think what we're gonna do is you know, I had some people requesting this even though we played it on last week's show
This song is just so cool. I don't know how you cannot like this song
so we have to I give it its due and I apologize though because oh
Oh shit, if I can find it, uh oh, we'll try to get to it during the break at some point.
I can't find it all of a sudden.
We'll be back, how embarrassing is that, oh well.
We'll try and get to that song, but in the meantime you get some other songs.
We'll start it off with something from UltraMix 2, because we haven't played a lot of newer
stuff tonight.
So we'll do an UltraMix 2 song, and we'll be back after this.
So we're going to start it off with Toe Jam.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
This is not dead air, it's just that this song has a very quiet opening, so you'll just
just that this song has a very quiet opening so you'll just have to deal with it a little bit.
Istanbul, now Constantinople, been a long time gone
Constantinople, now it's Thursday night, on a moon late night
Every gal in Constantinople lives in Istanbul
Now Constantinople, so view the day
In Constantinople, she'll be waiting in Istanbul
Even old New York, was once New Amsterdam
Why they changed and I can't say
People just liked it better that way
So take me back to Constantinople
No you can't go back to Constantinople, been a long time gone
Constantinople, why did Constantinople get the works?
That's so what it is about the Turks
Istanbul
Istanbul, even old New York
Was once New Amsterdam
Why they changed it, I can't say
You just liked it better that way!
Constantinople was Constantinople
Now it's Istanbul, now Constantinople
They're a long time gone
And Constantinople, why did Constantinople get the works?
That's nobody's, it's by the Turks
So take me back to Constantinople No you can't go back to Constantinople
It's been a long time gone, Constantinople had a Constantinople
Get the works, that's nobody's business but the Turks
HISTANBO!
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do we want to be accepted by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bamani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
Alright, we're back in the list list.
We're about to reveal the definitive list as voted by you the chat room of the three songs
You most want to see in guitar hero 2 you guys ready for this. What do you think? What do you think one?
Early guesses
Apathetic people no bleached asshole fun
The number three pick you guys want to see in Guitar Hero 2, Highway to Hell by ACDC.
The number two song you most want to see in Listless, song two by Blur.
And the number one song you bitches want to see in Guitar Hero 2, buy a landslide might
I had by a freaking landslide vote master of puppets by Metallica
Knew that would happen. Yeah, by the way all three on the list. Yeah, those were all three of Jamie's pics
You know, it's funny is that though it was in a different order
So don't get too cocky over there.
Oh, just only two songs for me to turn around.
This is because not everybody appreciates we're the way I do.
Some other votes, though, too. You know, Are You Gonna Go My Way was a very...
It was like a fourth, so, you know, it wasn't all...
It wasn't all, Jamie.
All right, anyway, we're about ready to get in.
Yeah, now I'm in the mood where I want to get into the FUs of the week.
I don't know if you guys are feeling angsty, but I certainly am.
Now, DarkSakura, you changed your theme song yet again.
Yeah, that's just because I wasn't too pleased with the last one I picked.
Okay, well, you have a brand new FU of the Week song.
I think I'm going to stick with this one because it's powerful.
This is a badass FU song, and I can't believe it's taken us 163 episodes to get to this.
This is an FU song.
Ooh!
Rock!
Speaking of rock.
I've been scared of the horns a lot.
Alright, so, um, here we go, Dark Sakura, why is it that we do the FUs of the week every single week?
Cuz we're freakin' pissed off!
MURDER!
Oh, yeah, this makes me feel mighty.
Um, my first FU goes toward...
Migraines! Yes, migraines!
Because it means that my brain is broken and they want me to go in for a CT scan.
The nephew goes to the stuff they gave me to help with the horrible migraines.
Because, well, it makes me lightheaded and feel like I'm drunk without being drunk.
If I'm going to feel drunk, I want the benefit of booze to feel drunk.
kostjamrh and people who decide to pull into my lane, they think, toward me.
An F.U. goes toward the McDonalds, over here by Rob's house, for being rather dumb.
You know what's funny is all three of us went there tonight. I think that's hilarious.
And ask you to get a family in front of me because I really would get them.
A nephew toward me not having much time to do stuff.
Also a nephew to me not having the whole week to procrastinate on my homework.
So I have to do homework tonight, homework Monday, homework Wednesday,
and get it all done before I leave Thursday.
But that means I get to enjoy myself all weekend.
An F.U. in advance to the grapevine before you get to L.A. because that load is, like, crap, and there'll probably be a forest fire or something stupid.
As there always is every time I go to L.A.
And then an F.U. to, uh, L.A. freeway system in general, because it sucks.
And the, uh, floating, uh, pockets of yellow smog that seem to be sentient.
Um, and an F.U. goes to my nose for draining into my throat and I'm probably going to have
a arthritis tomorrow. Just thought I'd let everyone know. All right, I'm done.
All right, Loki. Anyways, um, first fuck you to McDonald's for not being able to fill an
order correctly. I asked them for a two cheeseburger meal. Granted, I know that's not on their
menu still, but it's still something that they offer because I get it almost every day.
police every day this week uh...
at the mcdonald's it's by my house
at patty mc patty and instead
they gave me this to make chicken
meal thing or to make chicken sandwiches and like
a medium frying stuff i'm like
uh... knows about order all we thought
we don't have a teacher remind me what it is to put in the ticketing
scenic chicken on the phone and you should take them here
that the retarded no as i went back and i want my absolute
yes
but he's a stupid people they're driving out there to his
i swear to god you know on the road today
and i see this dumb bitch you know what she's kind of swerving in a lane
because she's doing her fucking makeup and talking on the cell phone while driving on the freeway
dumb bitch you know what that takes talent to do your makeup and talk on the cell phone AND drive
that's amazing
she's not going to come
uh... alone in the hall of fame but you thought you could not being gory enough
is a very you know he's disappointed
fuck request for making movies and forget it
ran blackboard i don't want to get away
i didn't feel that i read all about it and it
and it goes
anyway i don't think that it grows
it wasn't gross
it didn't show anything
whatever
and uh...
so fuck that and then uh...
you know fucking microsoft
for potentially
not allowing me to have a three sixty m on today
you know i pre-ordered mine way in advance and i have purchased games as
well
uh... that will be coming soon so you know what i will damn well i'd better
get my system or head to roll. So that's it. Heads will roll. All right, my FU time. Whoops,
sorry I'm supposed to make it loud. Not that song, my song. There we go. I don't want no
short dig man. All right, my FU's the week. FU did the fact that I feel like I'm getting
Being sick progressively throughout tonight's show I felt my nose get more and more stuffy
and a sore throat which is not good when you're supposed to be talking for eight hours a day
in front of people.
Uh oh.
I'm going to be fucked come next week.
It's a good thing I'm not in class tomorrow otherwise I would cry when I get tomorrow
off.
I'm making a stop by somewhere and getting coldies because coldies, the zinc brigade
begins now.
Do not do more than a hundred milligrams in a day or you can get zinc poisoning.
I know, I just, I'll keep it, well that's gotta be like 10 of those drops though to get 100 grams, or 100 milligrams.
Anyway, um, an F you to World of Warcraft for being all laggy, so I have to go buy more RAM, so either I'm getting an Xbox 360 or I'm getting more RAM.
The World of Warcraft is very pretty, I have to give it that.
I can be, or wasn't that pretty?
More RAM.
Get more RAM.
For World, yeah, for my World of Warcraft.
Instead of my, you're actually supporting my World of Warcraft addiction?
I guess, but RAM's good for everything, so, you know, it might benefit the show, too,
because I'm having problems on the Rob Roberts show with the program I'm using,
and I think it's because of a lack of RAM.
Yeah, RAM's good.
RAM is very good.
Oh, I like RAM.
Yeah, RAM's good.
Uh, yeah, I guess that's enough for me.
Actually, the flu shots.
Because I missed them at my work, but not that I would get one anyway.
They swear up and down that flu shots do not make you sick.
I get sick every time I have a flu shot.
I know, it's total bullshit.
I always get sick whenever I get a flu shot.
I don't care what the doctor says.
That's time out for me. You know, I get some time off work with a legitimate excuse.
I just...
If I'm not at work, it's an epidemic.
I mean, I don't mean to talk myself up, but damn. I have to be there.
Anyway, let's move on to Angel's F-You of the Week, and...
Uh, have you ever the guy that griefed me yesterday in there?
because you're an asshole a I don't think I'm a lesbian thank you very much
and I don't think anyone in this room thinks I am obviously because well I'm
taken by the best man ever in my opinion that's just me because he loves me and
it's all good yeah well now hypothetically you could be
I'm just kidding. I don't I don't care. I can't fire you damn it
Yeah, so um screw you because um no, I'm not and neither are my friends and
Neither are the two other people that were there with me that are also serving on this board
so you need to go find somebody something else to do rather and
and, or get kicked out of the game, because I can get you to do that now, so bye!
And, um, FU'd at having my computer break again, because that sucks.
Eh, I have to go fix that tonight.
Other than that, I think I'm done.
Alright, let's go to the chat room, FUs, and see what
angst we have going on in chat tonight. Nintendo Maniac 64 says FU to Sky for not
mentioning the pop versus soda argument like you said you would.
It's Soda, there is no argument.
F you chat members for not commenting on my links I posted in chat.
F you guys for not mentioning the revolution in the Dreamcast Xbox 360 PS3 discussion.
Didn't Loki say it would be out?
You know, we would talk about the revolution if Nintendo would throw us a frickin' bone and give us more to talk about.
December 9th is when they're debuting some more info.
They said they're never gonna show the games until they're actually playable.
Well then on December 9th is when we'll talk more about the revolution.
NintendoManiac64 says F you to myself for doing certain legal activities that involve games, emulators, and downloading.
Oh, did I just type that out to Sky, hee hee?
Actually, emulators are not legal anymore.
There's a loophole that's basically stated that the emulators themselves are not legal.
But the problems are.
Possibly, yes.
Raz says, F you to my health teacher for telling the cast and crew of the play that we aren't
allowed to turn on the stage lights anymore for practice because they use too much electricity.
Excuse me, that's stupid.
Goggle says, F you to me for not calling in when I actually had something to say.
And F you to the AI in Soulcalibur 3 for being hard.
Seconded.
Seconded.
Dark Setsuya says, I continued F you to Squeenix.
I was supposed to get my slime keychains and I haven't seen any sign of them.
SSJ100Matt says, F you to my boss pulling in office space and making me come in Saturday
and Sunday for senseless crap.
F you to my 4 year old Nvidia video card dying, thus making me spend a whole $75 on a replacement.
But just remember, Friday is Hawaiian Shirt Day.
GS191...
That's a joke.
Get it? No. Have you seen Office Space?
Actually, I also saw that movie with, uh, Yahoo Serious.
No, no, not him. Carrot Top!
Yeah.
There's a movie with Carrot Top.
I don't know.
I don't watch any movies with Carrot Top in them.
I caught it because I was, um, I had to watch it because it was an E3.
Can I do a tangent real quick?
Okay.
Um, my coworker called and left a voicemail for my other coworker and it was very hilarious.
I got to hear this too.
too. He used the soundboard from Ebon's World to leave this Office Space message saying,
yeah, we're going to need you to come in on Saturday. Did you get the memo? Really funny.
Really funny. And so I'm going to call and leave him and Miss Cleo.
Lual Wednesday, that was it. Yeah? Lual Wednesday. Lual Wednesday. More. GS191 says, F you to
the Xbox 360 kiosk for crashing and giving me the black screen of death and F you to
my online math class. Well, it's nice to know some things in Microsoft never change. Dark
Zacknight says F you to a customer today at my job that went nuts today just because we
wouldn't exchange her year old leaf blower for a new one because it broke down.
Jazz says F you to the Xbox 360, I saw a demo of you at Best Buy and you lagged more than
my computer that was on the verge of its HD exploding.
Why must you keep making yourself look worse and worse?
Legend of Zaku says F you to the asshole customers that I have to put up with in my tech help
desk job here on campus, thinking that they know how we do shit so they bitch and moan
when we tell them that we don't go to people's dorms to fix their PCs.
In other words, they are too lazy to bring down their PC to our office for fixin'.
F you to Hollywood in general for drowning us with shitty remake movies.
You're unoriginal, so get out from your asses and give us some original shit.
LegoGuitar says F you to anyone who sucks.
I'm in too much of a good mood to think of anything specific.
And lastly, Sakurina says F you to me because I still haven't unlocked everything on EX2 because I suck.
And F you to Krista Berg for invading Quebec.
One more.
Ron Chan says F you to my, I think it's boss, not boos, F you to my boss who decided to
show up at my house 30 minutes ago with my paycheck.
At least you got money out of it.
All right.
Thank you for your angst, chat room, you angsty, angsty individuals.
I want to mention Vote For Us, a five in your player window, on your Live 365 player window.
Your votes saying that we are a good station really helps us in getting the word out about
Orange Lounge.
Also, be sure to visit podcastalley.com and podcast.yahoo.com and vote for our podcast
there because the more votes we get, the cooler we are.
There's actually a thread in our forums on orangeloungeradio.com that says how you can
help promote.
And so we appreciate all the help that you guys give us.
One other thing I want to mention for you guys, oh, I missed, I'm sorry, there's one
more, shit, there's one more F.U. here, I better get to the music here, MPQ says F.U.
to Sony, so you know about those retarded DRM CDs, yeah it's not enough that they fuck
up people's computers and not care about it, who knows what a rootkit is, the dumbest thing
is that this has nothing to do with piracy at all.
It's a pissing contest against Apple.
Yes, nothing to do with stopping piracy at all.
Sony's just pissed because the iPod's beating them.
Fuck you Sony, you're being fucking idiots, and you've lost my business.
Better late than never, right?
All right.
I want to bring up something that was on the orangelaunchradio.com website earlier this
week.
I think this is kind of interesting.
Konami is launching a new campaign, I thought this was interesting.
They've launched a brand new website, and it's called Music in Every Direction.
And we're not really sure what the fuck this is supposed to be, but it is a promo device,
absolutely, at least, for DDR Extreme 2, Karaoke Revolution Party, and DDR Ultramix 3.
And you can check this out, it's musicineverydirection.com.
And all that's there right now are little bitty pictures of all those games, and enter
your information below to stay up-to-date on the latest Konami music games and receive
notification when the official website opens. So I'm not sure, so I guess, oh, some people
are saying they saw a commercial on TV, so is this like their marketing campaign, how
they're going to market all these games? Loki, you know anything about this? You, you posted
this to our website, so I thought maybe you'd know.
I didn't post this to our website. I thought you did. Who did?
That's what it is. Oh, damn it.
Copied it on something else. Oh, well. So I guess it's, so it's on TV, I guess I don't
watch enough TV because I haven't seen these commercials. I haven't seen any either. During
Elimidate, I saw the Guitar Hero with Loki in Dark Soccer commercial, but I did not see
the commercial. Yeah, anyway. Oh goody. I'm just waiting for that. I know they're going
to... You know what I'm buying Guitar Hero with? Hmm? My Best Buy bucks from McDonald's.
Hell yes!
I have thirty one dollars of that stuff now.
Plus fifteen dollars from the uh...
the puppies.
Because I bought all three of them and they gave me the food.
Yeah, I only have to pay like three bucks for the whole thing.
Not bad, not bad.
Alright, now I'm curious, what the fuck is this website you're on? Because it's moving by itself.
It's like, it's a ghost thing. It looks like
fridge magnet poetry. What the fuck is this site you're on?
well this is nothing this is just some retarded and have viral campaign and no
one cares about for the three sixty that
located i can tell that some of the best way it's like you were talking about
you know when i look at these came out and stuff
that was cool because while campaigning was
kind of unseen in alternate reality gaming was kind of like brand new
now everybody does it it's not cool anymore so
Remember hex 168 came out, that 360 site? Well, hexadecimal of 168 is 360.
This right here in binary is 360, and then there's this stupid thing that you go and
type and stuff, and basically you can type in this, and there's little binary things,
and there's a countdown, which, by the way, ends on the 15th, I want to say, at, I believe,
seven p m pacific time
uh... where the hell that's going to be great
uh... so there's a safety type in playing that it teaches of the screen
where there is the only thing and basically i don't like all my god you
know it
it's some you know probably have to figure out now i see just type of stuff
in and other people type stuff in respond back to you and
all of them and these can all move around that room
it's sort of a chairman i think we're actually moving those yet people are
moving it's like right now i'm gonna move a bunch of these at random
and there's people off because people are trying to like you know type stuff in here
and so i am moving them around to break up their sentences to piss them off
doo doo doo doo doo
and i'm gonna type poop
and we're gonna see if that appears no actually see there's firefly
someone just typed that earlier
i was doing this the other day i kept typing orange lounge radio over and over
and over again just for the fuck of it
because it'll actually appear at one point
because you know you take it in so many times
but um...
so we'll just see if we can get this up here. Have fun with it. What's the website for that again?
uh... the website for this is www.101101000.com
slash zero
Yeah, good luck remembering that. Can you post that in chat please?
Meanwhile, we're going to go back to the skype line because I promised some folks we'd go to the skype line
a little later in the show
and wouldn't you know we already have a call
Hello, you're on Orange Long's video.
Hey, what's up? It's Ron Luck.
Hey, Ron Town, how are you?
Hello! Hey, how are you everybody? How are you doing?
What's on your mind?
Not much. I just want to touch upon a couple of things.
Xbox 360, if you're going to get one,
I would suggest if you're on the Best Buy, I would get there about, oh, say,
five, six a.m.
That's crazy talk.
I was there for the PSPs. I got there at 7am to take pictures. There were people there at 6am.
Now, you also live in New York City, though, so...
Alright.
No, no, no, no. This is where I was living in the suburbs. I was in the city there. This was in the suburbs where my best friend opened up.
And there were people there at 7. We opened the store early just to sell the PSPs.
Okay, we're having kind of a hard time understanding you, Ron Chan, so you're kind of coming through
really blurry.
Also, Rob has suddenly developed an accent.
I did?
Yeah.
Okay.
What did I say?
Understand.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Okay, so Ron Chan, do you want to tell us really quick about some Nintendo event you
went to?
Yeah, I went to the Nintendo World DDR Ballroom Mix Contest.
And what happened?
People got screwed. They had everything developed in different colors, and the top 8 was the least possible result.
But what happened was, they only did it for 2 rounds. After that, every body in the top 6 had to advance.
Basically about 30-40 people got screwed out of tournament.
Oh, that's a bummer, but I guess that's going to happen in probably one of the bigger cities
or something.
Anyway, Ron Chen, you're kind of breaking up, I am going to have to let you go, but
we hope we can talk to you again soon a little later, okay?
Take care.
Bye.
Later.
Okay, well I think what he said there was about the DDR with Mario event at the official
Nintendo store.
It sounds like people got screwed out of it somehow after only a couple rounds.
That's too bad.
Loki, you were saying you got Orange Lounge to appear on the site, and it looks like everybody's
moving to the corners now.
Yeah, see, there's like 50 people on this right now.
There's Orange Laundry here. I'm holding it, and I'm shaking it around.
Uh-huh.
That's great.
So our listeners are all on there just shuffling shit into all the corners.
Beautiful. God, I love our listeners. I so, so love them.
Another call on Skype line. Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio.
Obviously, I don't need any introduction.
Not at this point, Mr. Zaku. What's on your mind?
Uh, just a comment on the little DDR Mario mix thing.
The reason why people were getting screwed over is because, you know, it's Nintendo World's fault.
You know, I squarely put the blame on Nintendo World for the fact that they didn't go to DDR Freak
or any of those sites to advertise a tournament.
Because if they did that, people, you know, most of us players would have, like,
like you know straighten out the rules to the point where it would be fair for everyone
and that's what happens you don't get the you don't get the people that have the experience
and is involved and thus you know you're misinformed and shit like this happens
so so they suck yeah but you know the yeah the whole yeah ddr mario mix pretty much you know
that whole tournament thing you know is a joke okay well ddr mario mix is a joke anyway too
So what I'm curious about is Saku. Saku, what's the latest on MTV?
Because you're going to be rich and famous, right?
Yeah, I got the email. They sent me an email last Thursday. I've already replied to them.
They're going to be filming next Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday.
Hopefully I should be able to make it next Wednesday if I get more information from them.
And then a week after that, during MTV's Gaming Week, aka the Xbox 360 launch week, they will air it.
Alright, now, if you can somehow get Orange Lounge in there, whether it be like a picture
in the background, or, you know, you're name dropping it, or somehow Orange Lounge gets
in there, I will...
Dude, if you send me an OLR shirt, I will wear it.
I will mail you...
Seriously.
You will get one of the...
If you will make me an extra large shirt that says, in black, that says Orange Lounge radio
on it, I would definitely wear, I would definitely wear that shirt out.
Damn it.
Maybe, I don't know if we can get it done in time, but I will, I'll send you a dollar.
Also, 1UP.com is saying that BeatMania is being pushed up early to the 15th of February
of next year.
I do not know of any changes inside Konami as far as I know.
Well, I know what 1UP.com is saying, but I don't mean I agree with it.
We'll see.
We'll see.
Maybe.
I could see it getting bumped up, but as far as I know, it's not done yet, so we'll see.
Alright.
Well, Zachary, we're gonna let you go.
Just do whatever. Just see if you could try to send me a shirt or something. I seriously would allow you to use me as a billboard or some sort of advertising.
We want to do the shirt thing so bad, but it's just a costume.
Or something like that, but just...
Alright. Alright, Zach, we're going to let you go, okay? Have a good one.
You know, just think about it, man.
I know. We'll get it. Alright, take care.
Rob, later.
Alright, just so you know...
What's going on now on the site? We've got like tons of people on the site.
Yeah, it's really funny. The name of the page, the title, it is 101101000 slash zero, and
then colon, it's so much fun.
What? Somebody actually put it so much fun on there?
No, I think it just, I don't know how it appeared on there, but it just says it's so much fun.
That's great.
So I gotta watch this. What is going on here? So everybody's on the site just like shuffling around.
Zombie butt, I love Ross, goat, goat say love, orange love Japan, so...
No, you don't, you fucker, like, look.
That's great. Jamie's fighting with somebody.
The Burger King's touching orange round, stop!
I'm trying to get me on there, but it's not working.
You guys are crazy. You need bleached asshole on there.
Oh, there I am. There's, there's...
Somebody already clicked and dragged you away.
I'm putting me in the corner.
That's me in the corner.
We'll get Sky in there now.
Alright, great.
You kids have fun with that, but not too much.
Let's try to take one more call, at least one more.
This is going to be another phone once, I don't know if this will work, we'll see.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Hey, it's Jazz.
Hey, Jazz, what's on your mind, my friend?
Uh, not much.
I was just, uh, I have some thoughts about the Xbox 360 and everything.
Please, tell us your thoughts on the Xbox 360.
I saw it at Best Buy, and it looked like crap.
And what?
It looked like crap.
What was wrong with it?
It was really laggy. They were playing King Kong, and everything was running at 15 FPS at that.
It looked like me playing Final Fantasy XI in lower Juno.
Yeah, basically. It was really bad. I was like, damn, this is what everybody worked it up about.
So needless to say, you're not going to be buying an Xbox 360?
Not at the moment, no.
Nuh-uh. I'm going to stick with my ghetto, broken-down Xbox for now.
I know what he's going to do instead.
What?
What?
Uh, what did you just buy last week? Hint. Nudge. Elbow.
Uh, R-Hero?
No! You bought one month of what?
Oh no!
Light goes on. He won the Warcraft.
I know, I got sucked in for another month.
Congratulations on that, by the way.
I know.
Man, I wasn't even there for five minutes last week.
What show are you on?
Uh...
Yeah, I'm not telling it on air, but yeah.
Alright.
So, speaking of Guitar Hero, we gotta finish the show here pretty quick,
but really quickly, your thoughts on Guitar Hero?
I think it's great.
I think it's leaps and bounds better than Guitar Freaks ever was.
Just because of the fact that it's not all pictured J-Pop, and I think that feels a lot
more to people.
Besides that, yeah, it's a great game.
Yeah, it's definitely different than Guitar Freak.
Certainly a different song list that's going to appeal to a whole different audience.
Alright, well, Jazz, we've got to go because we've got to wrap up the show, but thanks
so much for calling in, okay?
Alright, bye.
Alright, later.
Bye!
Alright, that's going to do it for our Skype calls tonight.
Okay, now's the part of the show where we're going to go around and get everybody's final
thoughts, because it's that time of the show where we're almost done.
So we're going to start it off by going over to Angel.
Angel, what is your final thought of the evening?
Must buy Guitar Hero.
Anyway, uh, Loki.
I've lost where my name went on this page.
Oh, there we are.
Whoa, I have like three names on there now.
It says Loki as goat say.
Awesome.
My final thought is ciabatta bread is yummy.
It's my favorite thing ever.
And DarkSakura, your final thought.
Rejectable cyclones, somebody send me to London.
All right, that's going to do it for tonight's show.
tune in next week tune into the podcast as well next week the one and only Dark
Sakura will not be here sadly because she'll be a glamming it up at the
podcast Awards our representative Jamie that's me grin we're gonna have I if I
get my way we'll have a whole orgy of people here because Dark Sakura's chair
is not an easy one to fill so we'll have to get like five people to all sit in it
at the same time naked no nice present for you when you get back I'm not having
giving butt sweat where I have to sit. Thank you.
Alright, the final word of tonight's program,
I'll give it to Loki, because I haven't given the final word of the program
to Loki in a while, so Loki, one word to sum it all up, and we'll see the kids next week.
Zombie butts.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
So dangerous, so dangerous, he fights the law.
But he also fights the crime, but not as much, DANGERESQUE!
With Ronaldo at his side, he'll have Ronaldo at his side, DANGERESQUE!
DANGERESQUE!
He's got some Chinese stars, and he keeps them under the bed with a link to pipe, DANGERESQUE!
LINK TO PIPE!
That guy is DANGERESQUE!
The mighty oak has fallen
If movies have taught me anything
We'll get the girl
Stick it to the man, stick it to the man
Cool glasses, cool glasses
Stick it to the man, stick it to the man
Cool, cool glasses
He works alone
He's a private eye, a crooked cop, a secret agent, and a celebrity pharmacist, Danger-esque.
That guy is Danger-esque, Danger-esque, Danger-esque, Danger-esque.
Or did I?
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
and this is the part of the show where we fade to black goodnight goodnight jamie goodnight
Good night, Loki!
Rainbow Road.
Good night, Angel.
Good night.
Good night.
Good night, listeners.
