Lost a dream or two, found a trail
And at the end was you
There's a path you take and it might not take
The choice is up to you my friend
A night so long but you might awake
To a brand new life, a brand new life
A brand new life goes round to me
Hello everybody.
You are listening to Orange Lounge Radio tonight on episode number 164.
We got a lot of stuff planned including songs from Ultramix 3.
We're going to be talking a whole lot about the Ultramix 3 tonight plus Orange Lounge
Radio goes to the movies again to look at ourselves.
Uh, well, at least Loki and Dark Sakura, because we haven't done that yet, because we weren't here last week!
So we're back from our vacation, and we're ready to kick some butt!
We'll be back after this.
that.
Orange, man, you're itty on the line.
This mommy talks radio.
Oh my god.
Oh god.
Heh heh heh heh. Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
The Orange Lounge takes a plenty of...
...muh...muh...cawkey.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Why isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangelaungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live! And this is episode number 164 for this November the 20th of 2005.
Hey guys! It's 20 November! Get it? Get it? Get it?
Your home for all the news and discussion on rhythm and music games as well as the gamer
community and the pop culture world.
We're plugged in and fully interactive through our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner, the happiest bunny on the
farm, DarkSakura.
Wait a minute, actually, just kidding.
She is actually, actually she might be, hold on.
Let's try this again, in this corner, DarkSakura.
Can she hear me?
Hello?
We're trying to bring DarkSakura in on Skype tonight.
Are you there?
I thought we had her for a minute.
Whoa, she's really, really broken up.
I don't know what's going on there.
That's a little weird.
This is gonna be one of those nights, kids.
We'll try to get DarkSakura back on the line in a little bit
but she is gonna be joining us.
Unfortunately, she is very, very ill right now.
I don't know what happened.
She caught something at the podcast for it.
Adam Curry gave her something, apparently.
No, actually, I don't want to make light of it.
She's very sick.
And she'll try to be calling in over the Skype line tonight
because she misses you guys and wants to say hello.
But she is in our chat room at orange-rated.com.
Click on chat.
Meanwhile, here in studio,
we have the one and only Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
Howdy.
Hi.
And we also have with us, uh, say hello to DDR Angel.
Hello.
Hi.
It's working, how you doing?
Yay!
Alright.
Good.
Good!
And over there, we have Xtopher.
Well, hello there!
Hello!
What's this doing there, Ron?
Hello!
Well, hello!
Alright.
Alright, anyway.
Oh, also, Bugs! Bugs is here!
Playing the sick person, is that right?
How are you doing? Actually, uh, DarkStalker wins that.
She has, like, pneumonia.
yeah it's crazy so but i don't remember what it feels like i've been sick for
two years so yeah i've been sick for two years yeah
that's a lot of echinacea no i had a throat surgery two years ago that
removed basically everything out of the throat
weird and i don't snore all right all right
anyway kids what we're going to do um since it is a
very special day here uh in the balani world we're going to start off tonight
by taking a real quick break to bring you
song and
We'll come back and we're gonna get into some music from Ultramix 3 as well
But of course because it is 20 November, you know, we have to start off tonight with this song. So here it is
is 20 November and we'll be back right after this.
Come on, shake it love, you can, don't be angry all night long, let's get heavy, calm down, now how can you feel, I just wanna hear you speak, all night long.
All I know is you never let me down
Down, down
That gave it to me good
All right, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to get into some music, though.
Now, see, that was just a special thing, because it is 20 November, we have to, and we will
give a happy belated 19 November later in the show, but since it is kind of the Bemani
holiday, I have no idea why.
Well, I do know why.
It's this big, stupid thing that everybody, you know, recognizes in the scene, so whatever.
There you go.
Okay, so we're gonna get into some music though from Ultramix 3 and I'll tell you what first thing
I'm gonna say about Ultramix 3 before we even really get into the show. It's got a very interesting song list a very
Special song list if you will it's it's definitely diverse. We'll give it that so we're gonna be playing like special school bus
Yeah, the helmet special. It's all kinds of special
So we will be playing music from Ultramix 3 throughout tonight's show for you guys and you be the judge
We're going to play the good stuff and the bad stuff and the downright ugly stuff.
We're going to play it all tonight, and the stuff that you guys like we'll keep in rotation
on our Bomani Music Award, but the stuff that's just like, what the fuck?
We will get rid of and never play again.
All right, so in this break we're going to start off, we're going to play in this break
a track by Orifiz with Basile.
They were in the last UltraMix game, so this should be interesting.
We're going to play a song called Come With Me.
It's not the same one from the V-Rare, though.
by Yehill and Tammy, so it's the other Come With Me we're gonna play in this
break, and then we're gonna play Black Eyed Peas. Black Eyed Peas have a
brand new song in this Ultra Mix, so check this out. Actually it's not really
a brand new, it's actually an old-ass Black Eyed Peas song, but it's new for us
in DDR, and for somebody who doesn't really listen to pop radio like me, it
was a brand new song. Thank God it's not my humps.
All right, we're gonna check out these songs. We'll be right back with more
More Orange Lounge Radio after this.
Let's go, get your mind on it!
Shall we dance?
Let's go, get your mind on it!
I can make him nothing
I can make him nothing
Shall we dance?
Shall we dance?
Shall we dance?
I'd spend on nothing I'd like to do
I see you passing all the time, I like your face, I like your style, the way you move,
I think it's cool, go take my hand And let's just move
Come with me, come with me To the place we can run free
Come with me, come with me To the place we can run free
Come with me, come with me Come with me to the place we can be free
I got a 1990 style and a 1990 crew For everything I do, I do just for you
I'm a little bit to old and a bigger bit to new Never cease, we never die, no, we never
decease We multiply like we mathematicians
The kongbama, the bass drum drummers Who we are, we the stars
Steady rockin' all of y'all's boulevards And lookin' hard without bodyguards
What I can, still I am And still I stand with steel mic in hand
So come on mamma, then see the drummer
Hey mama
Get a blast master, Dr. Jammer
Hey so shake ya bum, mama
Come on now mama
Get a blast master, Dr. Jammer
But the race is not for the rich
But for who can heat over it
And give Hari and the block, I please will be there
Chill infinity! Chill infinity! Chill infinity! Chill infinity! Chill infinity!
Orange Lounge Radio, we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
Hi kiddies, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, here on this lovely Sunday evening,
20 November!
Holla!
All right, also, we're joined by more special guests, I'm so excited, I love having special
guests in the studio, it's so exciting.
We have Mel B over here, with no microphone, low-key, let's get on that, sharing the mic
thing.
Mel, how you doing?
Doing great, it's 20 November, and hey, what's a party without Melvis in the house?
Oh, that's right.
Now, how have things been with you?
Things have been pretty super, I mean, just personally things, pretty hectic, just with
the whole work stuff going on, kind of promoted at work.
Now just so people know, you don't work at Konami anymore?
Nah, nah.
So if I razz on some things about UltraMix 3 tonight, you're not to blame for any of
that?
I will laugh along with you, likely.
Alright, what's this Konami shirt you're sporting tonight now?
Oh, it's a black t-shirt for those of you out there listening, it's a black t-shirt
that has the old Konami standard font logo on the back, it says Bimani, it actually has
the URL, I think it's like konami-arcade.com.
That's old school, because now they've got that music in every direction thing, that's
an old, konami.com-arcade.
You know what I hear, and I'm okay to say this I think, because the website's up and
it's public, I don't know if you guys have seen this, konamistyle.net, they're launching
some US version of Konami style.
I've heard intimations about it, I can't say much about it.
I don't know how much I might have said too much, but it's out there publicly anybody can find it
So it's it's there. It's gonna launch soon. So yeah, I've heard you know, I've talked to people within the company about it
But you know, I don't think that anyone else couldn't speculate on me on the down low
I know I got what I got noses out there on there in every direction finding this stuff out. It's all good
Yeah, the cool thing actually just back on t-shirt real quick. This is actually the first prize ever won in a DDR tournament
It was the item to freestyle back in SoCal, I think it was 2000 Santa Monica Pier Tourney,
and there were only like three t-shirts given out, and I think overall, of people I know
in the community, there are only like five.
Wow.
Awesome.
Yeah, I'm one of the special Fab Five.
Now, I have to ask you really quickly before we get into the other stuff in the show, did
you listen to this week's podcast that we do?
Yes, as a matter of fact, I did.
What did you think about, now we, somebody, one of our listeners wrote us an email about,
wanting to know about Dan's, Dan's documentary, which we later found out, you can't get a
copy of it, it's not out on DVD, it was just screened at a couple film festivals, that
poor guy's out of luck.
But one thing that we mentioned on there is that you can actually see the movie on internet
movie database and, ba-doom, you got your own internet movie database page.
I had no idea, I mean, people talk about being, you know, some sort of internet celebrity
whatever but being on IMDB that's a whole different sort of freaky
and they still can't even spell my last name wrong. Is your last name spelled wrong on there?
Yes I do not have an H in my last name. I don't know why people assume there is
but
uh...
Anyway I wrote to them and you know hopefully they'll fix it. Alright we'll see.
Alright awesome. And of course Sharks Girl Melody is here tonight. How you doing?
Uh... I'm alive. Are you happy that your sharks are playing again?
Kind of. I'd like them to be winning a little more.
But at least it's going on. They're here, that's the big point.
Now tell us about this fundraiser you're a part of.
I know this is a big part of your life lately and I'm just curious.
Yeah, I decided in...
Well, I decided in May actually that I was going to look into joining the
team in training through the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society to walk a marathon.
And at that point in time, I was literally waiting for E3, the day of the
meeting and things weren't working out time wise, so I thought, okay, I'll join the fall
season.
So I went back in July and did, started training on July 31st and I've been training for a
marathon.
I'm going to be walking 26.2 miles, hopefully, on December 11th in Honolulu.
Awesome.
And I'm up to, I've raised $3,675 so far for leukemia and lymphoma in the research.
Wow, that's amazing.
Yeah.
want to donate more because you can go above and beyond, right? Do we have a link we can
give or something?
Yes. I'm actually over my total, but I'm taking everything anyone's willing to give
me.
Absolutely, absolutely.
Even if it's just a dollar or two, the best thing to do is go to livejournal.com slash
user slash melathon, M-E-L-A-T-O-N. How do you spell it? It's like marathon only with
mel.
Melathon.
I can't even think of how to spell it myself. That's kind of sad.
M-E-L-A-T-H-O-N.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Yeah, that's pretty much been my life lately.
I was supposed to walk 22 miles yesterday.
I did 12 because on Tuesday I fell and ran my knee into a curb, and it's very lovely
and pretty multicolors.
Ouch.
Yeah, it's kind of put a damper in a thing since I'm three weeks out from the marathon.
Yeah, that's ouch.
I've got a backup plan in place, and my coach is not that worried.
Now, did you use DDR for any of your stamina training?
the background that I already had because they actually yelled at me not to do anything
else.
Really?
For fear of hurting myself, which instead I go and I walk and run into a curb.
You know I had to ask.
Yeah, you won't.
Actually, I haven't turned on my DDR machine in two or three months.
Theoretically this shows about, you know, DDR and music games and stuff, so I have to
bring it up once in a while, just to interject the idea of the illusion that we actually
play DDR once in a while still.
There you go.
But yeah, so that's been most of my life every Saturday.
The most I've walked at one time is 15 miles straight,
and that took about five hours, I think.
Wow.
I mean, heck, walking in Honolulu,
that wouldn't be a problem for me.
I could walk all day in Hawaii.
And see, one of my things was, hey,
there's a nice little store in Hawaii in Honolulu
that sells lots of import games.
I think I could go there.
There you go.
Is it on the marathon route?
Wouldn't mind if you took a little detour.
extra time so I need time to go shop and then say hey I want that and go back
all right all right um what we're gonna do now um we're gonna try now we tried
to get dark Sakura on the show in the beginning but unfortunately our Skype
was going a little bit crazy so I'm going to try and get dark Sakura back on
a line here so let's see if we have any luck here I gotta bring up Skype that's
weird it's almost sounds like it's calling her actual phone phone let's see
doo doo doo doo doo doo one ringy dingy dingy hello hello that was weird it
It sounded all phantom-y when she came on.
Hello?
All broken up.
That's weird.
Do we have any other stuff going?
Let me lower our bandwidth here.
Live radio, everybody.
This stuff happens once in a while.
I'm just trying to kill any excess bandwidth we have.
Can you hear us, Jamie?
Yeah.
Can you hear me?
There.
Okay.
We've got her a little bit there.
We just got a really bad delay there, but that's all right.
We can deal with that.
DarkSakura, what's going on?
How are you doing?
kind of sick I know but they thought it was yeah hello hi I'm what's what's
going on Dark Sakura what's what just closed IRC okay they thought I had mm-hmm
and it turns out to be really bad case of bronchitis oh no so I'm really sick
oh gosh well I'm really sorry to see you not here tonight I was gonna I was gonna
have you start us off with how was your week how was your day but I imagine I
imagine it's not so great. I spent most of the week sick and I started getting better I went
to the doctor on Monday and I started getting better around Wednesday
Thursday and then I had a bad relapse on Friday and my boss basically sent me to
the doctor right away and he x-rayed and I have some fluid in my lungs but not
enough to qualify as full-blown pneumonia so they're treating me for
severe bronchitis. Still either way bronchitis or pneumonia no fun at all I
imagine so. I didn't play any games this week but I did watch a lot of the Muppet
show
well that's cool do you have a favorite episode of the Muppet Show?
uh... i like the one with Twiggy
and the one with Sandy Duncan
that's awesome i think i think we might actually have a little mood music here
see this is Jamie's week in a nutshell unfortunately is the Muppet Show here
And not doing my homework until the weekend.
Don't you get a buy from your homework though when you're sick?
No, unfortunately.
Some of my classes are online, so I don't necessarily...
Your professors are evil for not letting you have a buy on your homework.
One of my teachers is giving us a week off for Thanksgiving in one of my online classes.
Now, what are your plans for Thanksgiving? Is this going to get in the way of Thanksgiving?
I have no idea, but I'm tired of being stuck in the house, because I had to miss going to see Chemical Angel on Saturday.
Uh-huh.
And missing the show tonight, and I missed seeing my friend, um, one of my co-workers who moved to Delaware was in town today.
Mm-hmm.
And I missed my chance to see her.
Mm-hmm.
And we did talk on the phone for a little bit.
Well, that's something, okay.
But, it's just been, bleh.
Well, what-
I slept 13 hours yesterday.
You know, I've slept a lot.
I slept like 11 hours last night,
and I don't have a good excuse for that.
I really don't.
I was sick like two weeks ago, but it was just a common cold.
It was nothing major.
But I don't really have a good excuse.
I had a cold.
This is what my cold turned into.
That's sucky.
When did the doctors think it would be better?
Nobody put me on.
I was on Keflux, which is kind of a mild antibiotic.
That was for the sinus infection.
And then once he found out just how bad it was,
he put me on doxycycline, which is, from what I understand,
supposed to be pretty hardcore stuff.
Wow.
Yeah, so he gave me a seven-day supply,
but I'm going to see how I feel.
It's helping some.
I'm getting a little better.
That's good.
Well, I hope you get back to work tomorrow.
Oh, gosh.
I hope you get a lot better by Thursday.
At least it's a short work week.
I mean, there's something to look forward to there, a little bit.
Yeah.
I guess.
What else was I going to ask?
Oh, before, you know, we're going to go around the room and see how everybody else's weekend
day was, but I wanted to ask, what were your thoughts, I know you haven't had a chance
to play games, you haven't had a chance to check out Ultramix 3 yet, what do you think
of the music so far, though?
I wouldn't be the one to ask, I've been paying attention, I've been either passed out or
doing homework.
That's alright, it's understandable.
Okay, well, Jamie, what we're going to do, we're going to go back around the room, we'll
We'll bring you back later in the show, though, for some of our other stuff, okay?
Okay.
All right, take care.
Rest up.
All right.
All right.
Any final words for the listeners for right now?
Send me money.
Okay.
We will do.
Okay.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
We'll bring her back on the show a little later.
She feels bad because she wasn't here last week and she's been out, but obviously she's
got to rest up, so we hope she gets better very soon.
Well, let's go around the room and see how other folks are having their day and their week.
We'll start with Angel, because she's over there just lounging around there with the microphone ready to go.
What's up? How was your day?
Good. I did something I said I wasn't going to do, and you're going to laugh now.
What's that?
I rolled Alliance.
Wait. Oh, you joined an alliance on World of Warcraft?
I rolled Alliance. Yeah, I rolled Alliance character on a different server.
server. Oh, okay. What server? Uh, Malfurion. Okay. Um, it's me. Okay. Okay. He's never
gonna laugh. Oh, yeah. Well, anyway. I told everyone I wasn't gonna do it. Careful, that
microphone's the weird one. You gotta make sure you're, yeah, it's weird. It doesn't
like me there you go there you go yay yay for wiring okay so um yeah so I
said I wasn't gonna do it and then I did so I don't know everything's weird now
because I'm so used to like playing chord and stuff so you're having to play
as the bad guy well actually yeah what else you've been playing this week not
World of Warcraft but oh yeah guitar hero because I just got that tool yeah
how's guitar hero working out for you uh sometimes the notes go too fast but if I
concentrate on what what's going where everything's cool so what else do we get
this week what do you think about guitar hero compared to guitar freaks um I
haven't I didn't get to play guitar freaks that much because you know when I
first started coming up here and stuff with you guys. The machines were always broken,
so don't! So, like, whenever you, you know, you guys played it for me or whatever, it
was really neat to watch. But this one's got its kicks and fun stuff too. We also have
Path of Neo in the house. So I've been watching Andrew play that, and all is good. But I still
like my World of Warcraft. Have you been on Mario Kart Frenzy this week? Yes. Yeah? Yes,
I got to play with Slinky, and Big Run Pimp, and DJ Runway S, and you know, all of my buddies.
It's fun.
The online thing is crazy, isn't it?
Yes, it is.
And there's no lag.
At least I don't think.
Is there lag?
No, not really.
I don't notice it.
Yeah.
I think it's great.
So, I've been doing a lot of gaming this week, when I should be concentrating on school,
which I'm doing too.
But gaming's much more fun.
Especially this week.
such a big week with all the releases that came out last week. All the games. Going into
next week and the 360 and all that crap. I don't even have a PSP yet. Oh well. Soon.
Anything else? No. Alright. I don't think so. I feel like a bat. It's so comfortable
when you're lying there to just be able to go to sleep, so. Be careful. Stay awake and
alert, because you'll never know when there might be a fire in the house or something.
You won't want to sleep through that. I'll be like, Angel, wake up! Hitting me with a
Alright, Mel, I see you got a microphone. How was your week? How was your day?
Um, week's been pretty nuts with work. Like, I've been totally, been sent on totally different assignments.
Now normally, like, I do editing and stuff for tests. Now I've actually been assigned to help create tests for visually impaired people.
So, like, things I have to learn is I actually have to learn, like, some basic Braille.
Huh. Or you have to learn to write really big.
Yeah, actually instead of that what we do is like I write audio scripts for stuff like say for a math problem
There's like a drawing of a triangle which is like, you know, four or five, you know
Whatever the Pythagorean triple is but the thing is of course obviously a blind person can't see that and you know
You can't really make like a raised diagram for them to feel around
So you actually have to write the description like there is a triangle ABC
You know B is a right angle and you know side AB equals four and BC equals five, you know by that large hard
It's so hard to do and he can't see.
It's really like a kind of a crash course in articulation and like basically you're
kind of thinking, well if someone was from another planet, how would you describe all
this stuff to them?
So it's...
How would you describe DDR to somebody who is visually impaired?
Let's see.
A lost cause.
Let's see.
Let's see.
Okay.
There is loud Japanese Eurobeat music playing.
There are arrows slowly crawling up the screen.
But if you're visually impaired, how do you know what an arrow is?
Easy, Paul!
The break!
There is somebody dancing on a pad with arrows and the pad lights up when they step on it.
This person looks really gay playing this game.
Shut up, Rob!
This person is holding on to a bar that is pink in color with a black top that has since
been ripped off by little six-year-old shits at Golf Land. Anyway, sorry about that. What
else is going on in your world?
Oh, let's see. All that boring stuff aside. What else? I guess as far as gaming, I've
been playing, got a couple of new games that I've been into this week. Let's see, Smackdown
versus raw 2006 for PS2. Doesn't this have a Barbie mode in it where you can make your
own wrestlers? Oh actually the create a wrestler mode has been around since like I think a
couple versions ago but this time they've gotten even more detailed with things like
you know this time you can customize your entrance like you know different types of
you can have like fireworks go off you know at certain points or you can like have the
camera pan around to someone else or, you know, all sorts of...
That's great.
You can do the techno, you know, lighting, all sorts of things.
The game makes you spend like an hour coming up with a perfect introduction and like no
time on the actual...
I'll put it like this, when I was making my first character it took me about three and
a half hours.
Oh my god.
You know, that's, but that's because not only are you making the character but because it's
a new game you want to see what new types of hairstyles or like clothes you can put
on people.
It's just exploration really, but it's still pretty damn fun.
That's kind of like Soul Calibur 3 has a make a fighter mode. It's pretty
pretty intensive too. But you don't get to do your intro, which is too
bad because Soul Calibur 3 practically has wrestling intros where it's like
the soul will burn as two entrants come for the next battle.
I shall destroy you with every inch of my being!
Do we have to fight now? Let there be a great battle!
I swear to god, like SoulCalibur goes on and on with like the setups of these fights.
Uh, Rob, you would do a good intro for the next World of Warcraft game?
I should be SoulCalibur 4, it's all about me.
I am the Pencils Pope, you killed my father, prefer to die!
Alright. Anyway, sorry, I keep cutting you off, buddy.
It's cool.
But yeah, let's see, Smackdown vs. WoW is a pretty fun game. I mean, the grappling engine has been...
It's a little deeper now, so there's like, kind of, you know, not only are you grabbing them, it's like, do you grab them now?
Do you want to, like, throw them, you know, outside the ring, or do you want to just, you know, give them a love tap?
There's like six million different ways to go. It's like a choose your own adventure book with grappling now.
But it's still pretty cool. I think the most fun though is just creating the characters and like, you know, making mockeries of all your friends.
You know, that's the fun of it.
Making characters that look like your friends and then kicking the shit out of them.
That's what we do essentially, everybody in like RTF and Step Squad.
Yeah, we just have like these big get-togethers.
I make my characters in Soul Calibur 3 look really, really faggy, like the best I get.
Like I gave one a po-pat and a clown necklace and no pants.
No pants. And he's wearing like a little jock strap or something where I swear you could see his ass.
And it's purple. For no real reason.
I gotta see those characters.
That's great. I love creating a character in Soul Calibur 3.
Let's see, what else? Guitar Hero obviously has been also getting a lot of play time. That's pretty fun.
Yeah, those are pretty much the two main games I've been playing this week.
And, yeah, everything's been a pretty good all together and today, hey, I'm here, you
know?
It's 20 November, ahh.
Alright.
Sharks Girl, how was your week, how was your day?
My week has been the same as every week for the last, I don't know how many, I walked
a lot.
God, I've probably done over 250 miles at this point.
Can't you help me, though?
Oh, yeah, I have an awful lot of weight.
I should be training for a marathon.
Oh, it's great.
But, yeah, I worked, I walked, I actually went to a store called Sur La Table, I don't
know if anyone else... I don't know if it's a Bay Area thing or if it's
nationwide or what but it's one of those places where it's like a cooking
utensil store but they also have like a kitchen and stuff and my work hired it
out and brought a bunch of people we work with in there were like 40 people
there and we all drank wine and made food and it was really entertaining so
and I now have a really good recipe for petite beef wellingtons if anyone wants
it but yes I did that I walked aforementioned walking you know I'm very
I'm very, very lucky because the one game I have been playing a lot of is Guitar Hero,
and I was carrying my guitar when I fell, and I'm just lucky the back of it hit the
curb and took chunks out of it versus the front or the buttons.
Ooh, yeah.
Yeah, so...
Wait, how did you fall with a Guitar Hero controller?
I was...
You know I have to ask.
I was holding a bunch of stuff.
I was going to my car from Mel's, it was like 1130 at night, and I was wearing my heels
from work, which I don't wear skinny ones, but still, they're heels.
So I had my Guitar Hero controller slung around, no I was holding the neck of it in my left
hand, I had my purse up there, and I was holding something else in my right hand.
I stepped up on a curb and I think I stepped onto a rock and it turned out from underneath
me.
And I went straight down.
Next thing I know I'm like, why am I on the ground?
And then Mel's looking at me like, why are you on the ground?
And then it hits me that the best thing to do in this situation would be curse loudly.
So I did.
And probably scared the shit out of the neighbors.
Yeah, so, um, yeah, the Guitar Hero controller hit the ground right next to me, so I have
a few little gouges out of the back of it, but it still plays.
But as long as it works, that's the important part.
Oh yeah, yeah, it still works, trust me.
Anything else you want to share about your week and your day?
Have you been doing the Mario Kart thing?
No.
Oh.
Okay, this is when you kick me.
Mario Kart case!
This is when you kick me out of the house.
No, I'm not going to kick you out of the house.
I've never played Mario Kart ever.
The look of stunned silence is amazing.
I'm sorry, I just, I have to point and laugh.
Mm-hmm.
No, I'm just, that's, how, how did that happen?
You just not interested, or?
I just never, I, I just never really got into it,
and none of my friends really had it,
so I didn't have exposure to it that way.
And now you're handing me a DS with Mario Kart?
I was just telling Mel that I needed to play.
Play me.
Play me, Mario.
His DS is telling me to play it.
Play me.
There you go.
Actually, Mario's also sitting over there,
So you can play it too?
Pretty much my week has been walking,
and everything is going to be walking up until December 11th,
upon which at night it's party and collapse,
and then it's hang out in Hawaii time.
And then life returns to normal.
All right.
Yep, that was it.
Now, what's this part about how I'm
going to be joining you in Hawaii,
how you actually got me a ticket and was
going to surprise me on the show with it tonight?
What was this about?
Darn, you ruined the surprise, dammit.
Maybe next year, maybe next year I'll train, but
it's a lot of time. It is a lot of time, but honestly it's one of the
best experiences I've ever had in my life and I'm
so close with all these people I've been training with. It's a big commitment, but
it's
totally worth it. And if anyone wants to talk to me about it, go ahead and
email me, find me. I'll put a post on Orange Land or something. Sounds good.
Cool. Alright. Loki, how was your week? How was your day? My week was good until today.
or actually I should say yeah yeah until about today
I last week
I'm because I hadn't gotten an oil change in forever I decided to go and
get an oil change for my car
and like luck as it would be they fucked up my car
again. This isn't the same place that wrecked your old car.
Different place, different car, still fucking stuff up. So now my car leaks coolant
and, um, overheats thanks to them, and so now I gotta get that fixed, I gotta take work
off, it's just a pain in the ass, it really is, um, however, aside from that, see, cause
my whole week's been kind of doing the rollercoaster ride of highs and lows, last night we went
to the strip club and that was kind of fun, just because we had titties in our face all
night and, um, and lap dances, and so Nellie had a pretty good time. Um, and then, um,
I don't know, that was pretty much it, yeah, that was the highlights of the week. Oh, I
have Xbox 360 games and no Xbox system, and, uh, Gamestop was wonderful and decided to
go ahead and sell my copy of Project Gotham Racing, even though I had a pre-order for
it, and came there, showed them my receipt, and they were like, uh, oops. So. It's fucking
ridiculous not nice and then I got a recorded message saying you're not going
to get your system till after Christmas which you know that's based on their
current allocations of what they're gonna get but it's just gonna be a big
giant circus this week so I'm looking forward to completely ignoring it that's
sorry I got Mario Kart I've got other games you know I could play I really
don't care and if I absolutely that's my only if I can't get an Xbox 360 I'll just
support other systems that have games out that I can actually get, you know.
Exactly, exactly.
My week in my day, not a whole lot of interest because I've just been working
like just crazy. It's horrible. I've been working
all the time, and
outside of that I picked up a couple new games. I picked up Ultramix 3, which we're going to talk about
after the next break, of course. Then I also picked up a copy of Mario Kart DS, which
has, you know, been a big part of the week as well.
and uh...
just you know
aria it's a fight in the least this is the ticket already that you said you
know we can i have not
read into your one i've attached world war craft in five days
i thought
well so that i've also taken a break from uh...
uh... i i i just i've been doing a lot of like sleeping in other stuff to just
his work has been that exhausting
interested
I was just saying, while we're on Mario Kart, I actually got to play the Mario Kart arcade version yesterday
at Milpitas Golf Land. It's actually pretty fun. They got
not only Nintendo, but Namco also was in on it.
So now you can write as Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man, or Blinky. I heard about that so
bad ass.
So they have that at Milpitas Golf Land? Yes they do. The only thing that sucks is they don't have card readers.
Aww. No! And it's like, oh, actually in a way it's bad, but it's good too because if
there was a car driver would drop by twenty bucks yesterday
okay so i'm going to a birthday party in hayward like in two weeks and i'm gonna
have to swing by milpitas even though it's like an hour drive i don't care
about how are you like this first of december something it's like a friday
now the financial
uh... right now
going like dr i have to play i can't totally are in the power sliding isn't
like totally there but you can do like jump drift
so you know it's a little different but they have like all the courses there
You can do the jump drifts in this to kind of use that same thing. Yeah
Yeah, where you like to get to the gas and you hit the brake and then yeah
You can do that sorta sorta and this one you wiggle back and forth after you do a jump. Yeah
Oh, wow, kind of interesting. So anyway, alright, we're gonna go to another break. I want to talk a lot about Ultramix 3 tonight
I know you guys have your opinions you want to state too
We're gonna get to all of that right after this next break
But we need to take a break because I need something to drink something stiff
In this break, we're gonna hear some more Ultramix 3 music in this break
We're gonna hear I am gothic because I love this song. Where's your head at by Basement Jacks?
Nari Nari by J. Dobby. It's a little bit of a like Bollywood type
It's kind of cool and then a stakeout the ultra mix by freeze pop so we're gonna hear all that this break
We'll be back with more Orange on a Tradio after this.
Buried in glue, I'm just now breathing
I consider it true, it's a fuzzy dark country
Feel my pain, all alone and safe
May I still make my way?
Catch the ghost race, it's the center of my heart
I am hopeless, I'm found
I am nothing, I am frail, I am scary, I know the same, I am a loner, I am cold, I feel
special when people come close, I am nothing, I am pale, I am scary, I am insane, I am a
I am your
I feel essential
When people come for you
Where's your head at?
Where's your hand at?
Where's your hand at?
Where's your hand at?
Where's your hand at now?
Drop it!
Okay, are you ready?
I know you work across the street in the indie breakfast store
I'm thinking sometimes that won't mean I'm thinking we'll do something more
I hide behind my back seat, then I see a walk on by
But I'm not ready to be seen, I'll just sit right here and have a goodbye
I'll take advantage of your feelings in me lately
I need my time
Now I know that you're with me now
I must get out of college and go to school
Orange Lounge Radio, Bahmani Music, and more.
Perfect!
We're back here on Orange Lounge Radio and on that break you heard I Am Gothic by Spray,
Where's Your Head At, Basement Jaxx, which by the way has a very freaky video, it's in
that mix, Nari Nariin by J. Dabi, and Stake Out, the Ultra Mix by Freeze Pop.
I don't want to say too much, but please keep your fingers crossed for me.
I got a contact over at Freeze Pop, and I'm trying to get them on the show.
So please pray to whatever deity that we can get them on the show, because I love Freeze
Pop.
I would love to have them on the program.
And if anybody out there from the Freeze Pop camp is listening, please come on the show!
Please!
You're super...
Okay, so we'll see what happens.
We made our freaks look so uber-chic.
We shop at Target.
Trust me.
No, seriously.
I shop so much at Target.
It's disgusting.
Probably this whole house is furnished with Tarjay.
The thing with Tarjay that reminds me is the sad news about Vanilla Coke's passing.
I can remember going to a Tarjay with you and finding every damn bottle of Vanilla Coke
they had and buying it when it first came out.
I have that picture in my cubicle.
The picture's at work.
It makes me sad.
I'll have to put that next to the picture of me as a toddler with Crystal Pepsi.
No, I'm kidding.
Alright.
Rob!
What?
What? I traced that stuff too. No, I know I didn't. I wasn't a toddler.
That shit was that one when we were in junior high or so. They're about the same age.
Don't forget I'm not that much younger than you are.
Sir. I'm getting yelled at by the chat room. Chat room by the way. www.orangelambsrader.com
Click on chat. MPQ says stop saying Tarjay. Hey, it's better than the new one
I've started hearing recently because all my friends shop there tar gay
So if you want buddy, no, all right, we all know it's target no, that's right, but but I like that target
They come on. It makes it sound chic makes it sound like sax fifth tar. J. That's great. We have to feel upper-class
Okay. Yeah, no, at least it's not Kmart a
Kmart is like, you heard that Martha Stewart was thinking about buying Kmart, and they
were going to call it K-Martha, that's not a fucking joke, that's not a fucking joke!
But they're having like this huge sale, and anyway, it's just ghetto, Kmart's ghetto,
why would Martha Stewart want to buy Kmart? Kmart is ghetto, it is so ghetto, and ghetto
people shop there too, and I'm not trying to say anything because ghetto people can
be any color, any shape, any size. They are just some ghetto people that shop at Kmart,
at least here. I don't know about your neck of the woods, but Kmart is ghetto. All right,
anyway. I want to talk about Ultramix 3. Am I the only one in the room that's actually
played Ultramix 3 today? No, Mel's played too? Okay, so I'm glad we can get a couple
opinions here. Well, the rest of you guys have heard some of the songs. I know I played
some of it for Loki there a little bit before the show. Let's start with the things I like
about DDR UltraMix III.
No, I'm kidding. There's actually a lot to like about UltraMix III. I like Xbox Live.
Xbox Live is a lot cleaner. It's a lot better, I think. I like the fact that you
can send messages to people within Xbox Live.
I like how you don't have to quit out of the game and come back in to
download new stuff that the new content stuff is integrated into the game.
I think they did a very good job with that and sending the messages back to each
other
and seeing who all is online playing the game not necessarily in your room
I think that's all great so the Xbox Live portion looks great love it
song list is half and half for me
there's some awesome stuff in the song list like just
I love the spray song I love the real life song I love the gothian trancy
stuff I always do though
and then I love some of the stuff that they brought over from other
bimani stuff is great like right on time from guitar for you says great himawari
from Guitar Freaks as well. Parade of the Wooden Soldiers,
WTF, but that's kinda neat. Akumajo Dracula Medley, of course, was an awesome pick.
They picked some good stuff. But then the song list kinda goes weird for me because
they tried with the song list in UltraMix 3 to be much more eclectic and that is
very
obvious. Like they have more rap type stuff with the alphabet aerobics and
and Run DMC and they have some rock type stuff with Good Charlotte
and The Clash and No FX
and then they have some old stuff like they have
Ray Charles with What You Say. Let me play a clip of some of these like songs
these are songs that literally made me go WTF when I brought them up
in UltraMix 3 and I actually I got a copy of some of this music so we can play it for you guys
here on the show tonight
I'm not gonna play the whole one but I want I wanna see if you guys have the
same
reaction I did to this okay imagine you're going through the song list and then
suddenly
you come across this, okay? Listen to a little clip of this song
and imagine arrows coming up the screen and all that.
She the girl with the record song, she can do the burnin' all night long, yeah.
What I say, all right.
Well, tell me what I say, tell me what I say, baby, tell me what I say.
Okay. Here's my thing. Is that song a good song? Yes, it's an awesome song. It's a wonderful
song. It's an incredible song. I love that song. It's great. Is it a good choice for
DDR? Hell no it's not a good pick for DDR. Hell no. What?
I'm like going, eh? I know. I know. That's what I want. And I tried
playing it and the steps, you know, were okay considering, you know, the song, you know,
they did the best they could with the song. But I like playing DDR because this is one
big thing that draws me to DDR. It's like a big jukebox. It's like the jukebox of now.
And having to play that song that sounds like it is a copy of a copy of a copy from 19 whatever,
I don't know. I can't get into it. I can't get into that song. Okay? Here's another classic
example of, and this is another, now this, I don't know. I don't know how to describe
it. Here's another pick that was in the game and you tell me how I'm supposed to dance
to this.
I feel like I'm playing DDR at Chevy's all of a sudden. Is the background to that song
a flea market? No. Stop it with a horribly... No, but they did use the little cactus guys
from Tomlinson Couple and all that, whatever. Again, is that a bad song? No, it's not a
bad song. I mean, I don't choose to listen to that kind of music usually, but I think,
you know, if I'm in the mood, if I'm drinking some margaritas, you know, that's good music
to be hearing. But is that stuff I want to play in DDR? No. Here's my problem with the
the song list Konami. If it ain't broke, don't fucking fix it. And Ultramix 2 had the best
song list. It was incredible. It was a great song list. All these unknowns coming from
a different drum and great transplants and remixes like Jairus. Awesome. Why did they
break the formula? Why did they go and try to change it? Why were they suddenly like,
oh, let's be as eclectic as we possibly can be and let's throw in the clash for no real
good reason other than we want to pay homage to The Clash. You know what? Let's put in
Ray Charles for no good reason other than we want to pay homage to Ray Charles. I don't
get it. Something doesn't add up for me there. Maybe I'm just a stuck up snobby asshole when
it comes to my music, but I played those songs once and I will probably not play them again.
Which is too bad because, you know, one thing, and going back into things I like about Ultra
Mix 3. The steps are great, and the steps were great in UltraMix 2, and as I understand
that they made changes with who's doing the steps at Konami, but with the other mixes
on into UltraMix 2, and it was a change for the better, because they got, you know, folks
that were, from what we understand and what we're hearing, folks that were in the know
on their DDR making the steps. So, and they've kept that for UltraMix 3, so that's great
too, because the steps are all really cool, and they do some new things with them too,
which is kind of neat. I was almost surprised, though, that they didn't try to get steps
running backward yet, because that's the only thing we haven't seen in DDR yet, and in that
Hey Mama song, there's a part where it totally could have ran backwards. It's awesome. I
don't know. Anyway, just a weird thought.
Actually, the whole backwards thing was an idea we tried to pitch for UltraMix 2 with
the Max 300 remix, where it kind of goes, rit, rit, rit, rit.
Oh, yeah.
Because it sounds like it's being played backwards. We were trying, like, hell to get the engineering
to work, but it's Hawaii we expect. We'll get on that later.
You know what, I noticed this attitude of WTF Hawaii, and I'm all about showing Hawaii
a little love after Ultra Mix 2, and I said on this show, and I do not take it back, that
if Konami puts out another arcade mix, Hawaii should be the one doing it. However, I would
like to go back and amend my previous statement to say, whoever did Ultra Mix 2 should be
doing it. Because Ultra Mix 3, whoever was calling the shots with the song list, I'm
I'm sorry I'm not feeling the love here. I'm not feeling it. And there's other big, big
problems with UltraMix 3. Now, I'm not saying UltraMix 3 is a bad game, because it's a great
game. And if you own an Xbox, you should be fucking buying this game. You should. There's
no question about it. But there are some problems that really make me go WTF. Here is another
huge ass problem. The song packs from UltraMix 2 are horribly off sync. Don't believe me?
this out. I have proof that the songs are off sync. Because there might be people out
there that say, oh Rob, you're just playing on your TV. You just think they're off sync.
It feels like you're off sync because you're not hitting the buttons at the right time.
No, no, no. I have proof. What I did is I took the song into training mode and put it
on with claps, so you can hear exactly where the arrows fall in the song. Listen to this.
Wait, hold on, I want you to listen to that part carefully again, because those notes
are supposed to go with that when it comes to that doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
listen that the claps start like almost a full
second before it really happens listen again
now listen to this next part coming up with the freezes
all the notes are on the upbeats watch this
Those steps are supposed to be on the sirens!
You get my picture?
Wow, I totally feel like I'm flashback to two years ago QA'ing UltraMix 1, where it
was horribly off.
Well apparently somebody forgot to QA the second song packs or something, I don't know.
But now the community who paid five bucks for those songs hoping that they get to play
them on UltraMix 3, they're pissed!
they're pissed because they can't play those songs in Ultramix City, they're ruined!
We were doing, we played, I was playing on live the other day with people, I don't know
these people, they're just random people on live, I, I, we, that song came up, we did
like a random pick, I don't know, and that song came up, and we played that on live,
and everybody was like, what the fuck, this song is fucked, what happened to this?
Hey, now you know why we have such a huge freaking timing window in, uh, Ultramix.
That was disabled the flaw, by the way, from Song Pack 9, if you don't believe me.
So there it is, audio proof that the damn thing is off sync.
And they should put out a patch, now the community is saying, you gotta patch it, you gotta patch
it, put out a patch.
I'm wondering if they can put out a patch, the game's probably not built to take a patch,
I don't know.
Because like Halo's different.
When you go to Halo, Halo connects to the internet right away and if it sees the patch
it gets it.
If DER was not set up to do that, you're not gonna be able to get a patch that easy.
So I don't know.
I don't know what they're gonna do.
I doubt they're gonna do anything.
You can patch a game like that, just like they patched WWE WrestleMania 21.
They can do a patch on that.
Alright.
Here we go.
I want to play this as well.
This is the other thing that pisses me off, and once again I have audio proof that this
pisses me off, and you cannot dispute this.
You cannot.
Here's my beef.
Loading times in UltraMix series have been kind of iffy as it is, okay?
Now I would like to show you what it's like to load the game.
Now I'm not even counting in the beginning, the game loads up, da da da, you get to the
title screen, okay?
What happens is that then there's a moment where it goes, loading song packs, and you
have to wait, and you see these little bubble animations on the screen while it's loading
your song packs, which okay, makes sense, that's how, even though the song packs are
off sync and not worth loading anyway, this is how it, you know, brings them into the
game.
However, I would like to play for you guys, this is a direct audio rip, I am not fudging
anything here this is a direct audio rip from earlier today when I was booting up
the game and playing. So you're gonna hear the title music for just a minute
and then you're gonna hear bloop bloop that is the game starting to load after
I hit the A button and I'm not going to shorten this or anything this is
seriously how long the load time is. Okay so here's a little tile screen okay and
And then here we go.
God damn it, Rob.
Stop farting in the bathtub.
Spin it out.
See?
30 seconds.
I think I'll go get up and make a sandwich.
A little bit longer than William Hung's stardom.
That is a tasty burger.
Oh, I wonder if my game is going to load any day now.
Wow, I really have to play some DDR today.
Oh! There we go! Finally! The goddamn thing loaded! Finally!
One minute, five seconds! One whole minute for the goddamn song packs to load and they don't even work!
Needless to say, if that's going to be the case, importing the song packs probably should have been an option that you could choose to do before you go into the game.
I don't know. Or maybe just optimize your thing a little better. I don't know.
You know, they say that DDR is exercise. This exercise would be screaming at the freaking console for it to load faster.
That is just crazy.
She's exercising patience.
Welcome to DDR! Now we're going to exercise your patience!
Jesus.
Anyway, I don't know what else to say about that. Come on!
Alright, so I'm dogging on the game a little bit.
All in all though, it's not bad. I just liked Ultra Mix 2 a little bit better.
Mel, what are your thoughts?
Well, I guess I liked it better because I was on Ultramix 2. Who knows? It's a curse, perhaps.
No, but just from, I guess, talking to people who are on the project and such, I think either Hawaii or RMC, spending a little too much time on things that were not all that crucial.
Like, I heard Quest Mode got way too much more attention than it really needed to be.
Oh, god, I didn't even mention Quest Mode. I mean, Quest Mode is...
I mean, I guess it's cute, but the thing...
The setup in EX2 was way better. Whatever that thing was, I don't even remember.
Mission Mode or whatever, it was way better. That's what I expected Quest Mode was going to be.
I didn't realize Quest Mode was just, play a lot of DDR and get shit.
That's basically what Quest Mode is.
Yeah, and there's so many bugs you get to gain more points or money or whatever.
You can actually load your own edits into it, and like, what they did was, they would do like all sixteenths in like a circle pattern, so you just sit there and you rub the controller, boom, you know, so you jack up the, you know, points hardcore.
Um, other than that, I mean, like, Songlist, I think it's sort of like, it's kind of like the iPod shuffle theory, they think, wow, if we can get it as broad as possible, we're gonna look that much cooler, you know, but...
At the risk of alienating your fanbase that supported you through Ultramix 2?
Basically, I mean, you know, I know they want to be different, it's a good thing, you know, I mean UltraMix, you know, has its own identity for the most part, but...
Let's face it, we had to forgive Hawaii an awful lot for UltraMix 1, and then, you know, for UltraMix 2 it was like, okay guys, okay, you proved yourselves with UltraMix 2, we're cool, we can be a happy family, just don't disappoint us again.
And then, pfft, Songlist was woo!
Is it gonna be like Madden, where every other year it's good, and every other year it sucks?
It sucks. It's like the Star Treks. The even number ones are good.
Exactly!
We'll see.
Con!
Shut up, all of you.
Stop ruining this station. Alright.
Anything else, Mil?
I think, you know, they just put a little too much into the game.
You know, just like, there's that whole dance, you know, freestyle mode and all that.
I think they could have done without, you know, most of it is like spend more time on
You know the actual gameplay itself on the timing windows and all that I mean granted. It's not as big as like
Alaska now you know now as big as, Nevada you know but um
Well, I think maybe it's the kind of thing where they're like well. They're not gonna notice it
Well, I think it looks you forgot how rabid these DDR freaks can be yes
You're gonna notice engineers don't notice it. You know the QA people do you know I mean yeah
They have on there. You know they know there's
I have a feeling that they knew some of this stuff was going on, and I don't know, I don't know, I can't speculate too much.
I don't know if it's just reticence or laziness or what, you know, I ain't gonna say one way or another because I haven't nearly been close to the situation.
But, you know, overall, hey, you know, they figured DDR, it's Xbox, it has to sell, you know.
I know. I just hope when they do Ultramix 4 or Xbox 360 DDR, whatever's next for them, assuming there's going to be another mix, which there has to be. I can't see DDR dying just because the song list pissed me off.
I want there to be another mix. The mix, overall, isn't bad. It's not. It's a good game, again. I'm just saying that. These little things make me mad.
but when they do the future mix I just you know I hope they I hope they stick
with the things that worked for them in Ultramix 2 and yeah what else can I say
I don't know I would like to see them shake up the interface a little more to
Ultramix 3 felt like Ultramix 2 plus in a lot of ways because then they didn't
really change the interface except the bubbles which and I'm okay with the
bubbles thing but where the bubbles thing got god-awful was like the little
reflections in the bubbles blocks the graphics. It's like, okay, somebody in the art department
wasn't thinking that whole thing out or something. I don't know. So, whatever. Anyway, any other
comments from anybody on Ultramix 3? You guys asleep over here? Mario Kart over here, Loki?
Hey, I haven't played Ultramix 3, so I can't comment, other than that some of the music
is really weird yeah I almost want it you know say oh what the hell you know
go ahead and get it because I have one in two sitting at home also is the online
mode any better than extreme twos online oh the online mode is incredible the
online mode is great it's the best online does it still have tournament
mode in there where you can run a tournament on it I think so but I'm
gonna be honest I didn't really look okay all right we're gonna another
break you guys when we come back from this break you guys will have a chance
to give your thoughts on UltraMix3 and anything else is on your mind. I know we
have some folks that want to talk about this MTV taping some of them went to on
the east coast and want to call in talk about this, some other random stories you
guys wanna talk about it's your show when we come back from this break and we open up the
skype line. And Orange Lounge Goes to the Movies. Orange Lounge Goes to the Movies will
definitely work in too probably just before Cajemash night. We're going to
do the skype line when we come back from this break with more UltraMix3 music
and I know you guys are sending me requests but we're not gonna be able to
do request until kind of later. I do want to definitely get the Ultramix 3 music out
there so you guys can hear it. That's kind of the number one priority right now. Alright,
now first we're going to start off with what is probably my personal favorite song on Ultramix
3, and again this was sticking to getting music from different drum and the indie record
labels that worked. This is Conflict by the Azoic. Enjoy.
You told me, told me, told me
You told me, told me, told me
Please don't play
Show me fear, I know now
But for some fear
I saw one thing that I know
I was too young to know
And I never knew what to do
It's a beauty
Oh
I want you, I want you, I want you, I want you
We were at a party Everybody had matching towels
Somebody waits under a rock
And there they saw a rock
It wasn't a rock
But the rock, rock the rock
Rock, rock, rock
Rock, rock, rock
Rock
Action
Rock
Rock, rock
When I'm goin' to court, a white suit When I'm gettin' divorced, a black suit
At the funeral home and my birthday too When I'm home alone, talkin' on the phone
Got an interview with the Rolling Stone, they're sayin'
Now you're rich and now you're famous Fake-ass girls all know your name and
I love all the rich and famous Your front page on you was a shame
Of the life, of the life, of the life we're livin'
I just wanna live
Don't really care about my face every day Don't really care about what happens every day I just wanna live
Stop your messin' around, boy Better fix your future, better make some good plans, boy That is just one of my teachers
Look out, you better stay safe, You never know what odds are coming when we say
Where you're coming from, we've already seen the words that this life can bring
Now we've expected everywhere that we go
All the things that they've said, Yeah, we already know
I just wanna leave
Just wanna live
Just wanna live
Just wanna live
I just wanna live
Just wanna live
Just wanna live
Just wanna live
Just wanna live
Just wanna live
Just wanna live
Just wanna live
Just wanna live
I just wanna live
I just wanna live
Orange Lounge Radio
breakers
Bahmani Music
And more
Perfect!
Hi kids, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio
and in that break you heard some more music from the DDR Ultramix 3 including
Conflict by the Azoic,
Why by Neveraka,
Rock Lobster by the B-52s, and I Just Wanna Live by Good Charlotte's all in that
mix, so
you know I was a little iffy with Good Charlotte being in Ultramix but
that sounds not so bad, it could have been a lot worse that's for sure, I don't know
but I don't listen to pop radio either so
we'll see. Anyway, God, I just clicked a little button on
Skype that says we're taking calls now and that we just get hammered with people but
let's go to the first call. Hi, you're on Orange Orange Radio.
Hey, it's... Hey, it's who?
Jazz. Hey, Jazz, how you doing? Uh, pretty good.
Alright, what do you think about DDR UltraMix III?
Oh, as you know, I've always been a huge supporter of
the ultimate you get your volume just went down by half i don't know if you
move michael there we go
now we can't hear you at all
i think
i think that better area yes much better what that
okay i've always been a huge order
this makes kind of drop the bomb in a lot of areas
come on and drop the bomb do you do you do you do you do you do you do you do
Alright, I'm kidding. You know I couldn't resist. Why did it drop the bomb?
Well, for one they added a bunch of rock songs that we didn't need to hear.
I'll give you that. I understand no FX and The Clash wanting to pay homage to them, but I don't think they really worked for DDR. I didn't get that.
Yeah, but mostly I think the song pack thing is completely unforgivable. I don't get that at all.
Did you hear the little audio clip I played earlier?
Yeah, and I've been playing, I've been trying to play the songs, and a lot of them are songs
I've loved, like Diamond Jealousy and R5.
And yeah, it's not just limited to like three songs.
I know Rini compiled some stuff and put it on the DR Freak forum, and probably half the
other forums out there on the internet, and it's got like Jack and Mark Get Busy, and
all these other songs.
I mean, it's like a list of like ten songs that are broken in the song packs.
It's sucky.
It's ridiculous.
It's completely unprofessional, in my opinion.
Yeah, it sucks. It sucks.
I don't know how. How did they miss that? That's what I want to know. It's like somebody
didn't even test to see if the song packs worked. I don't know. How do you miss that?
I don't know.
Or they knew about it and just didn't give a shit. I don't know.
Yeah, something like that. Who knows.
What else? Any other thoughts you have on Ultramix 3?
Um, a lot of things I like
is a bunch of songs like So Many Times, which I absolutely love.
I think we have that queued for the next break, so we'll play that, definitely.
Yeah, the steps are really good this time.
The steps are all pretty good, especially when you consider that
there are some songs where it's like, you know, this shouldn't even be in DDR.
The steps, they do the best they can, you know what I mean?
Yeah, like even the songs that aren't made for DDR, like
Meowma and all that, they're just
fun to play, so.
I just, whereas the steps are good, I'm not going to knock the steps because they do the
best they can.
It's not fun to play because the song makes my ears want to, you know, scream out in pain.
I can't play it, so.
Besides that, I'm kind of iffy about the online because it's a lot better this time.
I think the online is like the best part too, is like they really improved online support.
But the scoring is still a little iffy, because if you get a full combo, you instantly win,
which is really annoying. Because, you know, I've been through like multiple players already
where they've gotten 50 greats and I've gotten 7, and I lose, and I'm like, what the fuck?
Why, because you didn't get a full combo? Yeah, I got a miss because the controller
for Xbox is completely CDR. Yeah, I don't know if it's keeping track of
my win-loss record appropriately, but I do like the fact that it shows on the little
preview like what your highest score is, because in my case I have a triple A, so my highest
score is like a perfect score, and it shows like how many triple A's and how many double
A's you have, which I think is kind of cool. That's kind of neat.
I like that. That's funny. Besides that.
Well, anything else you want to share about the mixed jazz before I get to another call?
It's perfectly good to me, besides all the crap that's messed up.
Yeah. Alright. On the scale of one to ten?
Seven. Alright.
Take care Jazz. Thanks for calling in. Have a good one, okay? Bye. Have a nice day.
Later. Bye. Alright, let's go to another call.
We are getting hammered tonight, boys and girls. We may not get to all the calls.
I'm really sorry, but we're gonna try our best, okay? Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi, Sephiroth1215 here. Hi, Sephiroth1215. What's on your mind, buddy?
Um, just two things. First of all,
About UltraMix 3 really quickly, um, it's pretty good. I mean, first of all, I say I do like The Clash a lot, so I appreciate that song a lot more.
But is it a good DDR song?
Uh, it seems kinda fit. It's really catchy.
I guess that's just where people have difference of opinion, but okay.
Um, but otherwise, alright, they do have a lot of problems.
But the whole loading time thing, it's the same thing in the other UltraMix games.
It's just they don't have the loading screen.
Maybe that's what it is, it doesn't feel like it's so long in the other games,
or maybe it's because there's not as many song packs they're trying to import or something, I don't know.
Like, I knew in UltraMix 2 it was kind of a little bit slow, but...
I don't know, you just didn't feel it, it wasn't a minute long.
is is it seems like it's really bad at this one i mean it's just me
yeah and
quote from
open at twenty one is she left the bubbles
the bubbles act
i'm okay with the bubble theme but i just think
it could have been better like you could have been executed better
the bubbles but anyway this is about me this is about your thoughts all all
shut up
uh...
but otherwise uh... i went to the m t b taping on
tuesday
what it now what was this for the empty taping for white games or so whatever
it is they're doing
at the game or as we could get which is really lame game orders
god bless m t v
god bless them
i how was it what they do what's what what can you expect on
on that game game orders up
honestly really not much
I was kind of psyched up at first. I was waiting on line to get in.
And I was in front of the line, so she's like, oh, you know, you first six or seven people,
you come into the gaming room. So I'm like, all right, the gaming room's
going to be awesome. But then we get there.
It looks cool. They have nice TVs and everything.
They have a 360 set up. Like one 360?
Yeah. Because that's all MTV got allocated in the
Yeah, shortage. Hey, Paris got her 360. I bet she doesn't even know what a 360 is.
It just matches her purse, that cunt. Anyway. Anyway, sorry.
It was a 360 with only one controller.
Well, again, didn't you hear about the shortage problems?
Now we're going to play a 32-player deathmatch. Go.
It's like Mario Party 7 where it splits up the controller.
Okay, okay now Sephiroth1215, you get a button, and this guy over here, you get a button,
and you get a button, and suddenly it's like The Oprah Show,
and you get a button, and you get a button, and you get a button!
Sorry, that was really random, I'm sorry, go ahead.
It doesn't even matter because the batteries die in the controller anyway.
Good game, GG MTV, GG.
gg
and
they didn't
do much so they just gave like a fake controller and just said
pretend to play
to the person who was there
but wow
i was the one sitting there playing a stupid Frogger game
you have to play the new Frogger game?
there's a Frogger game, is this on 360?
uh... no, the original xbox
Wait, what the what?
Frog or Ancient Shadows.
Then what the hell is this thing all about?
It's not about the 360.
What is this show all about?
It's just trying to do something for gamers.
I don't know.
The question everyone...
Do what?
Set us back five years?
The question everyone wants to know is why is anyone playing Frog or Ancient Shadows?
That's what I want to know.
Yet another reason to hate Konami of Hawaii.
Did they do that game too?
Man, Hawaii lives off Frogger, dude.
Like nobody's business.
Do people buy it?
You know why?
the ten dollar ban at Walmart and people go, oh I'm gonna get Frogger for my grandson.
I remember Frogger. I remember Frogger. That's a hip gay, that's a bee's knees that game.
Anyway sorry, was Frogger the bee's knees? It was a pretty bad game but whatever I was
stuck playing it. But the other games were like I think Pac-Man World 3 and then Ultimate
Spider-Man. Oh I'm glad they threw the Ultimate Spider-Man in there, I was like did they get
Are they confused? Did they go off a list of what's hot, 1980 or something?
Somebody tell MTV that they got Pac-Man Fever.
Um, forget it.
You know Rob, I actually, um, crap, I forgot to bring you a copy of Pac-World 3.
It's okay, it can wait.
I had four of them, two of them have been returned already.
You know I actually was at Applebee's the other day and heard Pac-Man Fever on the radio
radio and I was like, I thought that song died with it.
Anyway, I'm sorry, we have a caller online.
So, are we going to see you on TV?
Uh, yeah.
Did you flash the OLR gang sign?
No, unfortunately, you know, we couldn't really do much, first of all.
But if you had an OLR shirt, I would definitely wear it.
I know, I keep hearing that.
If you only had the OLR shirt, we're working on it.
We just, we need, we need what's called, um, what do you call it?
Like a seed money.
We need money to buy the shirts and then we can sell them.
So that's what we do.
We do have $25.
That's true.
We want $25.
Anyway, anything else you want to say about the MTV taping?
Uh, yeah, there, there was a brief second half where it was like the actual filming
for the countdown they had, and we got free sports games, which in turn, I bet
you won't turn around and sold.
did they give you a key plan like
topspin a virtual as they have been all those games are huge in the u s
i'm actually the
dot india six and then i know that i mean oh five
you know i didn't know if i don't fight the i feel it now last year leading the
surplus on you guys before they bury them in new mexico
uh... wait
but it's all right is a family that's all right behind i don't know i have
It still sucks! Madden's done! I mean, give me Genesis Madden!
I'd have rather had Madden 05-06.
It's alright though, because I took them, I went down to Walmart and got full credit for it.
There you go! There you go, good man, good man.
Alright, we gotta let you go because we gotta get to other calls, but thank you for telling us what's going on.
Now, what are you wearing on the show so we can spot you?
I'm wearing a DDR Freak shirt.
Even though you're promoting the competition. No, I'm kidding. We love TDR Freak. That's great.
By the way, the show is Direct Effect.
Tomorrow and Tuesday.
Tomorrow and Tuesday. What time?
Over here. You know what's on a thing at seven maybe?
Either way, just look for Direct Effect.
I'll be sure to set my TiVo.
Alright.
Okay.
Take care, buddy. Have a good one. Thanks for calling.
You too. Bye.
Later.
from florida
uh... what's on your mind
uh...
dang this is driving me crazy
actually i wanted to bring up uh...
the guitar freaks
now are we talking guitar freaks or guitar hero
oh guitar hero sorry, what's up with guitar hero
well actually i was trying to figure out if i should
save my money and go for beatmania
when it comes out or
Well, here's the way we see it, is that Guitar Hero is out now and costs, what, 70 bucks,
I think is how much Guitar Hero costs?
BeatMania is out, what, the last date we heard is February 8th, I think is what we heard
for BeatMania?
February 10th.
February 10th or February 8th, sometime in early February is when that's coming out.
We don't know how much it's going to cost for sure, but let's say it's about the same,
$70.
That would seem pretty reasonable, okay?
Right.
So, the thing is, can you save $70 between now and February?
Probably.
Probably. Well then buy them both! But the thing is they keep hearing such great things about
Guitar Hero, I don't wanna, you know, not get it.
Guitar Hero is a great game, honestly. If you like
the guitar games at all, like, I'm gonna be honest, it's better than Guitar Freaks and the
reason why is because
it feels more like you're playing an actual guitar as opposed to holding
something that looks like a guitar
and pushing these buttons. Really, the five button thing really adds a lot to it
and what they do
is they do this thing with the fret buttons where you can actually push the
fret buttons and
it's hard for me to explain, but you can push the buttons in order
and get the different sounds, which you couldn't do on Guitar Freaks. You had to
be holding the exact right button combinations if the damn thing didn't work.
And, you know, they did an awesome job in the art direction department. Let's
face it, Guitar Freaks was cool
for about the first 75 mixes, but now that they're on, you know, whatever they're on
like
Guitar Freaks super duper second mix, whatever they're on,
V2. I don't even...V2, thank you. Okay, whatever the hell they're on. It's the same damn game.
Nothing has been changed, and it's the same damn interface. Even though they went up to
PlayStation 2, it's the same thing, except the videos are now full motion videos. Whoopie
doo! I don't watch the videos when I play the game, okay? That's why I think Guitar
Hero got it a little bit better. And plus, here's the other big thing though. If you
like songs, if you like the J-Pop, Happy, Go Lucky, Ya Ya Ya songs, then Guitar Freaks
is going to be the better game because Guitar Hero is filled with good old fashioned American
butt rock is what's in Guitar Hero. And so if you like the butt rock, you're going to
like this game. When I say butt rock, I mean like, you know, Pantera.
If I don't like that kind of rock, then look. Then you're not going to like Guitar Hero.
You're not going to like the song list. Okay.
So maybe that answers your question right there. There are a couple... I'm not a huge
fan of butt rock, but there are kind of a cool few songs here and there like I Like
rock and roll, Ziggy Stardust, you know, those songs are cool. And then I think it was really
neat that they put a bunch of unknown bands as the 17, I think it's what, 17 unlocked
songs? That's kind of neat. But, yeah, Freezepop, awesome. But, you know, let's face it, the
majority of the song list is good old-fashioned hardcore butt rock. So, I don't know, if that's
not- Right, but it's just people saying wonderful
things about the song list, and I'm like, well, you know, what if I don't like that
style of music? Then you're not going to like Guitar Hero.
And it's pretty easy to find the song list.
If you go to GuitarHeroGame.com, that's the website.
They got a song list right on the website, so it's not hard to find it.
But if you are into the Japanese, like, if you like trance and stuff, BeatMania, hell,
BeatMania is, I don't, we don't know what songs for sure are going to be BeatMania.
I mean, we know a few here and there, but rest assured, if it's like any of the other
past what, 1,500 mixes they've had in Japan, you're going to have your happy trance and
some J-pop, and if that's the kind of music you're into, BeatMania is where it's at.
Okay.
All right.
Have fun.
Yeah.
You too.
Keep supporting them music games because starving programmers need your money.
Okay?
Yeah.
Rockstar's getting it.
All right.
Well, wait.
No, no, no, no.
Oh, wait.
Rockstar?
Oh, for In the Groove?
Yeah.
Oh, that's a whole other thing, man.
That's a whole other topic.
I know.
I brought it up like a month ago.
I know.
You think I remember each of these shows, please.
With all the drugs I do.
Come on.
Just kidding.
Just kidding, kids.
Don't do drugs.
Okay. Alright, have a good one.
You too. Later!
Rockstar sucks. No, I'm kidding.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I just had to drop that. No, I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
I just wanted to make somebody angry.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You know, in the groove is okay.
I'd like to mention I said nothing.
You are a good boy. You are a very good boy, Loki.
No, no, no.
Keep playing Mario Kart. It's keeping you quiet over there.
I've got almost all the races beat in 150cc.
Actually, I have to say I'm strangely looking forward to In The Group 2 on a home console.
I think if they fix a lot of things, I don't know. It might be neat. We'll see.
It'd be neat when they get sued.
Oh, stop it. Let's go to another call. Let's go to this one.
Hi, you're on Orange Long Radio.
Hey Sky speaker here. Hello. Oh, it's our resident 2dx whore. How are you doing?
Don't you mean 2dx bastard? Oh, that's right. You're a 2dx bastard. Not a whore. I'm sorry
Whores imply you're getting paid. Um, which you're not you're actually spending a lot of money that makes you
I don't know what that makes you but what's on your mind? Well as of last Tuesday
I finally got my copy of beat me 2dx tent style. Whoo
How is it?
It's really great. As a matter of fact, I would like to give my input on those 7TS exclusives.
Go for it.
First up is Taito no Suika by Burma Inazawa featuring Shimotsuki Haruka.
On a scale of level 1 to level 12, which to level 12 is the most difficult, I would give it a level 10.
okay I'm next up is a you know jellyhead
a jelly kiss a mediate smack mix I'm
I'm on seven key it stays as it is as level seven
on the another I would give it a a level 10
pretty hard I'm pretty hard what do you want to think about to clear it
I have to ask you what do you think about that anyway because you're you're
pretty loyal to all the Japanese mixes that come out what do you think about
that US
get like a US on crossing over in Japan what do you think about that
I was quite surprised, actually.
Yeah, I was surprised, too, but we actually have an interview with Minniehead in this week's podcast.
It's pretty interesting because I kind of asked him right about this, too.
So, you'll have to tune in to hear what he has to say, so it's kind of neat.
Anyway, go ahead.
Let's see, Hype the Core.
I would, you know, on seven key, I would give it a level nine.
On the another, it should be a level twelve.
It's really the hardest one.
Wow.
Xian, yeah, I did a Tatsujin video on that. You know, what's really weird is it doesn't really look like a level 8. I should really give it a level 7.
Really?
Yeah.
I like hearing that though because that means it'll be a hard song I can beat.
And on the another, I give it a level 8 as it is.
Okay.
Um, let's see, what else? Uh, Satellite 020712 from Coded Arms.
Um, it's level 8, it stays as it is on 7 key. On the another, I give it a level 11.
That's awesome.
Yeah, you didn't know they had Coded Arms in there?
No, I didn't.
No, you had to turn on the mic.
I turned off the mic.
I didn't realize they had that. No, what they needed was um, I wanna say it was Radar Rider, something like that, or um...
Yeah, they're crossing over from their other franchises.
Good stuff.
Humble Roses music in Ultra Mix 3. That's good. Interesting. Anyway, go ahead.
Let me check my 10th style here and give my personal opinion on the 76 exclusives. How
many CS exclusives have I already mentioned so far?
8, 10, or like 4 or 5.
I don't know. Suica and Satalago20712.
I think you're missing Strong Woman and...
Oh yeah. On the another, I give it a level 8 because of the chords. Even though it's 95 bpm, which is really, really slow, I had a rough time.
Sounds a little bit like War Game.
Yeah.
A little bit. Okay.
A little bit. And I think the last one, hmm. What was it again? Oh, Acid Vision. Here we go. Oh, very, very good song.
Level 8 stays as it is on 7 key and on the another, I give it a level 10.
All right. What are your thoughts about 10 style overall?
Oh, it's really, really good. They just put in a judge mode in which you can see how many perfect grades and grades that you have.
What else? They have the end of the DG point. And yeah, Sakurina, one more lovely ownage.
All right. Any other words for our listeners before we let you go? We've got to get to
another call.
Well, I just want to say, ah, go get 10 style.
All right. I actually plan on getting it as soon as I get a new controller, which will
be very soon, because I've heard the rumors that Konami is putting out a new one for the
U.S., as I'm sure we all have, but we'll see. And if it's true, I'm definitely getting one.
So we'll see.
Go watch my Tatsujin videos, Desolation & Other, Don't Forget & Other, and the Exe & Seventy that I did.
Put a link in the chatroom.
I'll post it online, the site that has the Tatsujin videos that I have.
Absolutely, put a link in our chatroom.
Alright, take care buddy.
Alright, later.
Later.
One more call, you guys.
And we're getting hammered tonight.
So if we don't get to your call, I'm really sorry.
We're almost out of time.
We'll try to get more calls in a little later during the show.
However, we're going to do one more.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi.
Hi.
Who's this?
This is Roz.
Hi, Roz.
How are you?
That sounds a little iffy to me.
Yeah, I had an interesting weekend.
Okay, do tell. What happened on your interesting weekend?
Okay, well, my dad has been in Mexico all week, and he just got back on Friday night.
Okay.
And, as some of you may know, I was in a school play on Friday and Saturday evening.
Okay.
Well, he gets back Friday night after the play. Missed the first night. That's alright. I figure you could be the next night.
Saturday morning, I wake up. I apparently had some kind of horrible allergic reaction to the makeup that they used on my face.
Oh, no!
So, I looked and felt sunburnt the whole day, and still do.
And that wasn't something that they found out before the play went, like you guys didn't
do like a full-on dress rehearsal or anything or?
No.
No.
Definitely.
We didn't do a dress rehearsal.
We just kind of went into it right off.
Oh no.
Okay.
So I looked angry.
So did you end up doing the play on Saturday anyway?
Yeah.
On Saturday, um, I left for the play, you know, went there, um, and the play actually
went great.
So, that was good, you know, my dad didn't go the second night because he was sick, and
I didn't realize how sick he was.
Uh oh.
Yeah, I'm going to say, I think he drank the water.
Oh no, in Mexico.
Yeah, um
So I was at the cast party, which was half-assed because there were only like four people at the party
and we're talking, you know, we're talking about getting flowers from our parents and I'm like, yeah, I didn't get any and
My sister leads me off to the side
She's like
Here's why we didn't get you flowers
because we found dad laying on the bathroom floor and this is starting to
sound more and more like an early fu of the week in a way like this whole thing
is just like and oh my gosh I'd be so pissed yeah I was pretty pissed off
about it I'm still pretty pissed off about it because he missed most both
nights because he was in Mexico well here you go what I'm gonna do you're in
our chat room right now right yeah okay you're what I'm gonna do I'm gonna draw
this on there I just I sent you a cyber flower there and not in the IRC room oh
there you go we have you all right F you Pope and shut the hell up I'm giving
you the finger through my screen people are just mad because they didn't get
through don't listen to him but we're gonna take more calls later if we can
people are just angsty anyway anything else you want to share though before we
to get on next topic? Um, hmm. Uh, good question. I'm going to say, probably not. Alright. Well,
Roz, thanks so much for calling in. I hope your week is better than your weekend was,
okay? Oh, and vote for my song on Cagematch. Sakura said that she was using one of my songs.
Oh, really? So vote for it, dammit. Oh, really? Alright. Okay, well, we'll see. We'll see
all goes all right take care bye bye all right now once again we will open up the
the skyline a little later probably more towards the end of the show because we
want to bring Dark Sakura back at some point as well but we're running behind
on our other stuff and the stuff we've got to get to this week and of course
you know it just wouldn't be a show if we didn't have ourselves a little bit of
of a cage match.
The song is called Precious and it's our winner.
Remember the way the Cage Match works is that we play three songs for you guys.
We play a clip of the previous winner and two new songs in full for you guys.
You guys vote for your favorite in our chatroom at orangebonnetradio.com and that winner goes
in a rotation all week long on Orange Bonnet Radio's video game music and more program.
Here it is!
Song number one tonight in the Cage Match.
a clip of Precious by Depeche Mode.
Things get damaged, things get broken I thought we'd manage, but what that does for me
Left on the Britain, there was no Britain left to do
Angels with silver wings Should have no suffering
I wish I could take the pain for you
If God has a master plan
That only He understands
I hope that your eyes are seeing
Things get damaged, things get broken I thought we'd vanish, but words left unspoken Left us so pretty
There was a little left to you
Okay, that was song number one in tonight's cage match, Depeche Mode with Precious.
Alright, we're going to get into song number two now.
This is actually Darkstalker's pick and unfortunately she's unable to call us back right now and
intro it herself, but from what we understand, it sounds like Roz has something to do with
this pick, so maybe she's doing that trick that I did last month when I had Miklotov
pick one of my songs and it went all the way to retirement, so we'll see.
dark soccer have the same watch we'll see song number two is Cali Hall by
banana man enjoy
do you see banana man hopping over on the white arts and they come with some
for me? Freshly taken from banana tree. Banana man me, want it done. Give me double and a
bonus one. Give me more for all me friends. This banana flow will never end. Do you want
a banana? Peel it down and go mmm mmm mmm. Do you want a banana? This banana for you.
Tonight we dance around the flame Then we get to play the spirit game
Spirit names we shout out loud Shake the thunder from the spirit cloud
All the songbirds in the tree Chant a tune to let the spirits free
Then we see them in the night Spirit's dropping by the firelight
Do you want a banana?
Feel it down low
Do you want a banana?
This banana for you
Look you, you're too uptight you know
You could laugh and kick it back and go
But without a rhythm or a rhyme
You do not banana all the time
Fly away from city on the run
Tried to make a little fun
Look, you come to me from below
Happy times, you tell me, don't you so
Don't you love me, bumping up your tongue
Make a shame until we bumble
I mean, there's even no play until you drop
At least when I run, never stop
Forget all your troubles and goatee flow
Forget about whatever you may never know
Like whether whatever you're doing is whatever you should
And whether anything you feel is ever anything
But wouldn't that forget about banana
When they stick in your throat
And when they make you want a bell
Or when you're stuck in a choke
And you forget about the yellow from the colorful man
And if you take another one
Then make a mark on your old land
Fungalay, Fungalow
Well, it's nine o'clock and it's getting dark And the sun is falling from the sky
I've never left so early and you may wonder why
Tomorrow morning on this plane No banana make you go insane
Lookin' back to Busytown, no banana make you want to frown
Do you want a banana? Feel it now, oh
Do you want a banana? Eat banana for...
you
Song number two in tonight's stage match
Tallyhowl with the Banana Man. Let's go around and see if that song is banana-rific or if it's just plain rotten.
Angel.
I was the only one that started giggling when it started playing. I was like, oh my god!
Did you know it was in the video, apparently?
Of course.
What did you think?
Um, yeah, the cat room is right here. It's in the video.
Okay.
But, um, I just didn't think it said just because it's funny, but, oh, what the hell. I'll give it a 10.
Alright, ten from Angel.
I'm gonna kind of agree that there's something there where apparently I'm not getting something because I haven't seen the video.
But I'll take a leap of faith there. I don't know so much about the cage match, though. It's not...
It seems like more of the thing that would have been unfortunate. But I don't know. Whatever. It was okay.
I give it an okay score of a seven.
Melody!
I, I, I, I just don't get it.
Okay, okay, I'll post the video in my live journal so everyone can get it.
Of course it doesn't!
For later!
I give it an F.
No.
Um, if when some money could stay a thing, she would say,
that banana was shit.
I give it a one.
Loki.
I'm sorry, but the cage match does not require video,
So, based on the song alone, it sucked balls, and it gets a one.
Alright.
And, uh, DarkSakura is actually in chat right now, she's yelling at me, she gives it a score of 11-T.
And it says, Ba-na-na.
Unfortunately, 11-T is not a number, therefore it's zero.
Stop.
Alright.
Um, moving on. Song number three in tonight's cage match.
Uh, Loki, what the hell did you bring to the table today?
I don't remember if I put this in the cage match or not, but this song sounds like a good song that would be for a guitar hero.
It's like a kickass song. It features a guitarist by the name of John Sykes who is also in Whitesnake and some other bands.
This is actually a theme song to an anime. Whitesnake sounds awesome to me. It's badass.
John Sykes with cautionary warning.
Yes, here it is.
Ed Short. Enjoy, kids.
I'm gonna shoot every wall that I put through
Mr. Boy, you were put in good form with the line
So he told me the dark of old is time
Now only time will tell
Will he take you down or will you pull through?
The tiger boy has put the burden in fire but now he's dead
Now you're falling for the test
Now only time will tell
You are my excavator, you are my excavator You are my place to break up, so I shall never
Like a voice in the darkness of the night
Telling tales that become what you describe
Cause only the time will tell
Will you take me down?
How?
You are my indicator
You are my incubator
You are my space invader
You are your every warning
I will prove
You are my
You are my
You are my
You are your every warning
I will prove
Talking about the eyes of danger
Time to beat your back with action
Voices out my head
Don't you think you'll stay
Well, I bet you'll be to the act
But I just don't want to recognize
You just don't want to tell
No one's in question
No one's in question once again
But I don't know what's the mental fact
And no one knows just where or what they're at
And anytime of the day
No one left to say
Song number three is John Sykes with Cautionary Warning. Let's go around and see what everybody
thought of that one. Uh, Angel?
Uh, it was good. Um, eight and a half.
There was no White Snake, that's for damn sure. Five. Melody.
That was freakin' cool, and now I wanna go play Guitar Hero. Uh, nine.
No.
I got my voice cracked, I'm going with a few beats.
Definitely, you know, got like the ass-kicking 80's, you know, vibe to it.
You know, I was just waiting for Jean-Claude Van Damme to like beat someone's ass or something, but...
Yeah, overall it was pretty cool, I give it a... I give it an 8.7.
Uh, Loki.
It's badass. It's ten. It's gonna be really friggin' hard in like any guitar game.
Alright.
DarkSakura says, uh, you get an automatic zero for being rude earlier.
Oh!
Got big crappy songs then.
Oh snap. Oh snap.
I gave her song a higher score than I gave your song. That was not why.
You misrepresented that song by making me think it would be like Whitesnake.
I said he was in YSING! I didn't say he was in YSING!
It was misrepresenting!
It was misrepresenting! I demand a free trial.
Alright.
Let's recap the three songs you can vote for tonight, shall we?
We'll start off with song number one that you can vote for tonight is...
Depeche Mode with Precious, if I can find it in my list here.
That was a really good song on that CD too.
That worries me that I cannot suddenly find Depeche Mode with Precious. Here we go!
Let's try this again. Song number one was Precious by Depeche Mode.
Alright, song number two you can vote for tonight is Tally Hall with
Banana Man.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is John Sykes with Cautionary Warning.
All right kids, place, vote now, send a private message to Sky with your vote for song number
one, song number two, or if you're so inclined, song number three.
It's your choice.
Send a vote in right now.
Private message to Sky.
Do it!
All right.
Meanwhile, let's go over to Loki real quick. What is going on in the sim scene, if I dare ask?
A few things. The first being really cool, and that would be PSP Revolution.
And it's basically kind of a port of StepMania for the PSP.
And you can play your sim files on that. The only thing it doesn't support right now is modifiers,
so that's not in there, but at least it plays and it works, and it's pretty fun.
you know, best you can do with Controller Controller Revolution, so. You can actually
download that. We have a link on our website to where you can download that. It's pretty
awesome. It actually comes with a couple CIN file packs in there so you can check out some
songs. But yeah, so far, not bad for our first release. And that's about it, that's pretty
much about it. All the important stuff at least. All right. Oops, my help with my mic
was on. All right, now what we're going to do is do a little segment of the program we
we call Orange Lounge Radio goes to the movies! Yay! Movie! Movie! Please note that this is
different from Extraverse Movie Review, which he will be doing later in the show, I just
want to say though. However, we like to sometimes watch a movie together and comment on it for
you guys. And the movie we're going to be commenting on this week is a news article
that was recently, or actually not really an article, a news broadcast that was recently
on our local television station. It was WB-58, and it was Loki and Dark Sakura lending their
expert opinions on Guitar Hero. So let's check this out, shall we? I'm going to bring up
this video in studio. But of course, for those of you guys out there in internet radio land,
you guys will get to hear the audio of this, and we will interject as need be with comments.
So here we go.
Thank you. Well, a question I have for you is, have you ever secretly dreamed of being
a rock star, wailing on your electric guitar to...
I dream of that every night. Actually, there's nothing I love more than getting up on the bed and wailing like a rock star.
...sold out crowd. Well, for most people, the closest they'll ever get to playing is an air guitar in their living room.
Ooh!
With a new video game called Guitar Hero, just released today.
In other words, you can't afford this crap. We're showing this to you because, you know, we're rich and famous.
It's designed to get wannabe rockers closer to the real stage experience.
Brian Hickey rocks on. He asks the producers of the demo guitar hero for a couple of local gamers, so we can get their reactions. Rock on.
something else and I forgot now, so we'll just let it keep going. Oh, I was going to say something about the gamers.
Apparently Loki and DarkSakura are now the expert gamers in town.
Local crazed gamer!
Yeah, uh, which, which, uh, you know, Rio's stationery part of.
Oh, that's why we can't mention that. Yeah, that's why. They don't ever say that it's Orange
Lounge Radio, by the way. Never. It's just the two expert gamers.
Two crazed gamers. I'm wearing a t-shirt next time. I tell you, if I had a shirt. Seriously, me too.
The box office is sold out, your guitar is tuned, and you're about to play one of the
greatest rock songs of all time.
For the longest time during this interview, I thought that was going to be the only thing
I had to say.
Let's see here.
By the way, are you chewing gum?
I'm not chewing gum.
Oh no, your cheeks are just puffy.
I guess that's what it is.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
Listen, asshole.
an asshole. Just because I took time off your work to come play this stupid game.
I thought you liked the game. You give it a good score later.
Oh yeah, I give it a good score, but you know what? I had to drive like a freaking half an hour during my lunch break to come play this game.
Whatever.
That's the idea behind Red Octane's new guitar hero.
Rock music inspired this game, so having full length songs is really important.
Game producer John Tam shows Jamie Devrend and Matt Whiteman, two avid gamers, how to play.
I didn't know how to play this before you showed me, dumbass.
Hey now, hey now.
No chords to learn. To create music, John presses colored fret buttons to match those on the screen
while hitting the strum bar once for each note. The goal? Nail as many notes as you can to rack up the high score.
high score. See, now that guy thought ahead, he's wearing his Guitar Hero shirt on. So,
you're right, we need to get orange lounge shirts for all these reasons, for all the
media whoredom. If I don't play anything, the guitar track doesn't play. And if I hit
this thing... Go figure that that would happen, that when you don't play anything, the guitar
track won't play. Go figure. I'm just giving this poor guy a hard time. And if you fuck
up a lot, then you start doing the jig and then you walk off stage. You get these trashy
Each guitar guru character has its own extroverted personality.
There's Pandora, princess of rock, and punk virtuoso
Johnny Napalm, among others. I love the Ramones, so I played I Wanna Be Sedated.
She's lying, she really loves the gorillas.
She doesn't, she's, no I'm just... Who doesn't love the Ramones? The Ramones are awesome.
That, by the way, that was the little clip that they used in the commercial, but I think what's
great about this, watch
how they do, and I know this is horrible for the radio, but watch how they do this
next little clip like in beat with the music after she says she loves the Ramones and she's
playing here.
And I'm looking bored in the background.
The solos usually kill people.
Then she discovers the whammy bar.
The whammy bar, whammy bar.
And then she discovered my whammy bar.
I hate...
The whammy bar is my favorite part.
I don't know why the hell I decided to be in these stupid news interviews because they're
really bad. No, they're only bad when I bring them on the radio and start, you know, making
fun of them. It's just, it's embarrassing. It's embarrassing. Because I love, I tease
because I love to make fun of you. It does nothing for our station. It's like, it's like
gymnastics, you have to land that last note. I love how like Jamie's taking the guitar
off, this guy's talking like, get this fucking thing out of here. No, I'm kidding. Keep going.
This is funny. To give you the experience of being on stage, this room takes you inside
the different venues, from practice rooms and basements to sold out stadiums, and the
fans react, jumping up and down when you rock the house or letting you know if you're playing
stinks.
Xtifer, wasn't this the same reporter you thought was cute?
Yeah, I still think he's cute.
You don't play well, they don't like you, they'll start leaving the venue and start
booing you, and then eventually if you die, your whole band gives up and throws their
hands up in frustration against you.
See I don't understand that because you know in the real world violin keeps
lasting on but can they sing
and yet, never mind, nobody's going to understand that joke.
Matt likes the fact that Guitar Hero offers different rock genres to explore.
By the way that's my DDR pad in the background, that's my cameo in the story.
That's my dance pad lying there unloved in the background.
I don't even know why I had my dance pads there but I think
is it oh yes it's the old red octane pad though. From classic rock and hard rock to
modern
punk even blues. Fun game. Really fun game.
To kick his song into high gear Matt tilts the guitar up
activating star power which allows him to rack up even more points.
Really good party game I mean especially you know get a bunch of friends together
just
you know don't see it, smash up some music. Don't see it. Don't see it. Really fun.
So how do you do these two gamers, right, guitar hero?
I'd definitely say it's at least an 8 out of a 10.
And Jamie?
Now, see, I could clip that and use that for some great problems.
I'd definitely say it's at least an 8 out of 10.
So, Loki, how big is Skye's penis?
I'd definitely say it's at least an 8 out of 10.
There's so much I could do with this.
Oh, 11.
What's with that?
Yeah, she had to go...
Where's Jamie in the 11s lately?
She had to go one...
They set a scale of 1 to 10. I was basically giving a ranking within the criteria that they had, and she had to go out of the criteria.
I don't know. It wasn't an 11 game for me or whatever.
I like the game. I like the musical.
It's just completely rocking out. It feels like playing an actual guitar.
Yeah, they show it. They let her talk, and they paraphrase me.
Brian Hickey, WB58 News at 10.
Well, maybe what she's saying is more intelligent as opposed to,
It's so fun!
Oh man, I just got the death stare.
This, by the way, will be the last episode on this video.
Alright, anyway, let's see what the two goons on the TV have to say about this.
You gotta love playing that air guitar.
I'd like to have that mohawk going on.
Well, Guitar Hero is designed to be played on PlayStation.
By the way, he's talking about his pubic hair right there. I'd like to have that mohawk going on.
Two, and it cost about $70.
Stay with us. More to come right after the break.
They did also, I want to add, they also did a story apparently about In the Groove and how people are losing weight on it.
To which I could basically go, so you're recycling news now?
didn't I didn't see the in the groove story and I didn't get we weren't part
of it so I didn't bother to tape it but I would have laughed if they wanted me
to play this game so what do you give in the groove well well originally in the
original email I thought that that was because that's why I hyped it up like I
did is that you're never gonna believe what Loki and dark soccer are gonna be
doing on the news because originally it was supposed to be for in the groove and
guitar hero but I guess something got fixed yeah I would have been cut off TV
for that yeah all right anyway we're gonna go to another break one more break
here of Ultramix 3 music and then we're going to come back and we're going to reveal the
winner of tonight's cage match. We will also get into the FUs of the week and do extra
first movie review. We can't forget that. So don't send your FUs just yet though because
I haven't tallied cage match votes but this is the last opportunity for you guys to get
your stuff into the cage match and everything you want to vote for there. Alright, we're
going to go into this break and in this break I think we're going to start it off with the
brand new Naoki track from DDR Ultramix 3. This is Naoki with Brilliant Red.
I knew the first time I saw you out on the floor
Said you were so much more
It's just the way that you move your body with mine
Feels like we had no concept of time
It's just the way that you grew, that's what we do
I wanna show you how much we can move
This is the night made for just you and I
This is the night, won't you take me inside?
This is the night, now look into my eyes
I want you, I need you to make it alright
Let's dance tonight like the last of our lives
Let's dance tonight, won't you know you were kind?
Let's dance tonight, made for just you and I
I want you, I need you, my whole life I want you
Too many words on the tip of my tongue and I can never figure out
When to speak, when to shout, when to shut up
When to knock myself out
I need a brainwash, cream and a bath I need the butter all thrown in the trash
I need a brainwash, cause I'm a loon So could you please throw my head in a tub
I can really use a cerebral scrub Wash away what I know It's an overrated frontal lobe
Too many words on the tip of my tongue and I can never figure out When to speak, when to shout, when to shut up When to knock myself out
Brainwash!
I need a brainwash, green matter fast
I need to clutter up, run in the trash
I need a brainwash, cause I'm a woon
Cause of the spike of pebble brain
I'm really moving to the midst of many air
I'm trying to find what's a pussy in a room
Right here's your nickel pin and candy for a gene
Cause I wanna do a sing to an angel
Something I like to sing in minor technology
Nothing needs a duck to just lean on my head in a tuck
I could really use just a river or a truck
Watch your way when I know It's been overrated pronto-mo
So many times I'm watching you And now I fell in love with you
So many times, so many times
Do your heart, feel so lonely, think about your sweetest dreams
Close your eyes and follow me And I take you to my destiny
I'm thinking about you all the time When I keep my love to you, that's the time
So many times I've been watching you And now I fell in love with you
Oh, I want you
And now I'm fell in love with you
With you, yeah
So many times
Oh, I want you
And now I'm fell in love with you
So many times
So many times
Get up and let the best you can make come
I'm in love and love is what I like
Spin me, shape me, make me feel alright
I'm in love and love is what I like
Lifting my imperfection
Waiting for your direction
I'm in love, I'm in love, and it's what I like
And you shake me, make me feel alright
This is my imperfection, waiting for your direction
This ain't no thing I feel alright, my imperfection
If you want to save my day, I'm gonna give you a ride
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move Marathon.
Nooooooo!
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free bovani radio.
Welcome back, boys and girls, to Orange Lounge Radio.
I bet you kids are just dying to know who won tonight's cage match, aren't ya?
You're just dying to know, you just wanna know so badly.
Here it is, the wiener of tonight's cage match tonight is...
John Sykes, with cautionary warning, shoot all of you.
Rock on.
By the way, check the live journal community, Sakurina did like the best, dude it took Sakurina
like five minutes to turn that into, just like I imagined, into a little picture with
the guy doing the rock on sign.
We should all get a picture of us doing the rock on symbol from that.
And we could send it to him! And he'd be all, he'd be all, what the fuck is this?
Cause he wouldn't, he wouldn't remember doing that, I mean.
It's your fan!
It's your, yeah, it's your fan club, Mr. Newsperson.
Oh, shit. Alright.
Alright, we're gonna get into the FUs of the week,
and, uh, first in order for us to get into the FUs of the week,
I have to have the music queued up,
because that's an important part of having the FUs of the week.
Oh, you have a new-
Oh, that's right!
Loki has a new song finally tonight. You're getting rid of Menomina?
Yeah, I have to.
That makes me kind of sad. That's right, I'll let Mel and Melody have Menomina then.
Since you're not going to be using it.
You were showing me your video iPod, which I'm so jealous that you have all the latest toys, but what did you do with this?
So I go and get a video iPod and I'm like, oh my god, I have the new toy, I love this thing.
So what's the first freaking video I put on it? Menomina.
Alright, um, let's get into the FUs of the week, and Dark Sakura is usually the one that
starts us off.
However, I will be entering FUs on Dark Sakura's behalf tonight, so here we go in the FUs of
the week.
Uh, Dark Sakura, I'll be entering some FUs on Dark Sakura's behalf, um, first FU is to
being sick, because I know she's been sick for like two weeks straight now, and also
to bronchitis, which she has, which sucks, and the F.U. to pneumonia for scaring her,
you know, thinking that she might have had pneumonia, and I think she's very angsty that
she didn't get out to do a lot of stuff this weekend that she wanted to do, so I'm sure
she's very pissed off about that, so an F.U. to being homebound, I guess you could call
it, but an F.U. to having to go to work tomorrow. And I think that would about wrap up everything
the dark soccer would be anxious, at least as far as I know, for now.
Uh, let's go into, uh, Loki's FUs.
Okay, um...
First off,
fuck you to Chevron Oil Stop
for breaking my car.
Um, now my car is leaking coolant out, and I'm sure it's not supposed to be doing that,
Because I pour the coolant in, and it pours right out the bottom, so that's not very good.
However, it doesn't empty, so...
Just overheats, and I gotta take you to the dealership tomorrow, which requires me to take time off work.
It's just a pain in the ass.
So fuck that.
And fuck you old Asian women drivers, because god damn it, you fuckin' suck.
I'm sittin' in the car, watching you drive, and you suck so bad.
You know, braking when there's, like, a car fifty feet in front of you, and, like, having your turn signal on,
switching lanes the wrong direction it's just a pain in the ass and you just
really you know are reinforcing the stereotypes so fuck old Asian women
drivers and finally Rocko my turn I would like to give an F you to me being a
workaholic recently and me being very lazy on the weekend and not having any
time to crack the test because I'm too lazy and if you did the fact that it
took me like an hour to get that set up earlier tonight to rip the ultra mix
three songs directly from the Xbox and no one appreciates it because the
song list is kind of whack and I just give I don't know a nephew to the fact
that I have to go back to work tomorrow but at least it's a short week and
Thanksgiving summer if you do Thanksgiving because it's a holiday I
never really got I don't I don't get Thanksgiving but maybe it's just my
family because we're special, my family. You should really call it for what it is. Black
Friday Eve. Oh, or the shopping day, yeah. Crazy. Alright, let's go on to a melody. We're
going to do Her Refuse first.
Yay! I like my freaking theme song. Okay, seriously, at work there's this chick who
knows the song and loves my video ipod as much as i do and will yell across the
office to each other monomenon and the other one will reply it's great
anyway
f u to uh...
curbs because they really hurt when you fall on them and f u to my knee
for hurting when i hit the curb
uh... f u to my shoes which
went out sooner than they were supposed to, dude my shoes are supposed to last like three to five
hundred miles they only lasted two hundred
all my if you seem to be walk related at the moment that would be my life
but uh...
you know i feel offended i read that encounter a lot of them today coming up
here and they
and that i'm pretty mellow right now
and pretty simple
mister melby
uh... gosh uh...
i have my first appears to
all the video games stores and best buys in my area
because Guitar Hero is sold out everywhere
what really sucks is that the one best buy by my crib
I was asking the sales associate, you know, do you have this in stock
and he goes, uh, we don't have it right now, I'm like, can you check anyone nearby? He's like, okay
and there's like one that pops up over in South San Jose, it says like two on his screen
he goes, uh, we're sold out ever, I'm like, what about that San Jose over there? Uh, two means we're sold out
like, then why is there a two?
uh...
you can go there I guess, but no, trust me, it's sold out
like did i get you don't like helping people are making a fail
uh... whatever the hell you know i hope you're just happy with the minimum wage
or something
but uh...
other than that uh... i guess is that you cannot have enough time to do so
much stuff over the weekend and uh...
yeah happy for not having enough that used to be entertaining
right angel you have used to the week
and actually don't
have any
play
Nothing?
Aww, no more ball pits!
Can I drop?
I thought it was Beepman from LML. You did generic 2DX drops.
Well, I guess I could say a general SU, but then...
Out with it! Out with it!
Well, Beepman might look at me funny.
They need more games to help people with visual impairment, I think.
If it wasn't for certain World of Warcraft mods, I'd be in big trouble.
At least World of Warcraft is moddable enough to be able to do something like that.
I beat all the other people who don't think about that before they release a game.
Fair enough. At least the computer has it down pretty good with the accessibility options and everything.
Yes. This is why I'm a computer geek. I can see things.
What do you think?
Good to know.
Yay.
All right.
Now, it's my understanding that Dark Soccer was actually at her computer just now, and
she wanted to try and call in and get the real F.U., so I'm going to try and get her
on the line here.
Let's make this really quiet here.
Let's see if we can get Dark Soccer's F.U.
And then we'll go to the chat room F.U.s, of which I know you guys have plenty of F.U.s.
It's got that demon voice again.
Oh, wait, you there, Jamie?
Hello?
What now?
There we go, yes, now we're good.
Can you hear now?
Alright, great, yes, I can hear you now.
Are you ready to do your FUs?
This is what's wrong.
That's weird, I only heard, like, her for, like, five seconds there, something like, what's wrong?
Uh, you're, oh, shoot, did it just hang up?
It hung up! No, no!
Okay, wait. She's calling us back. Let me make sure all my other crap is closed. I have nothing else going on there.
Okay, let's try this again. Let me try closing iTunes, because iTunes is a real memory hog. That might be part of the problem.
All right, here we go. Yes?
Excuse me.
There we go. Now you're there.
It's because I disconnected IRC. It's a delay that IRC is causing.
Interesting. Okay, are you ready to do your FUs? I have your music already.
Yeah, I'm pretty ready.
All right, here we go.
My first SU goes toward having a pissed off and depressed husband.
My second SU goes to people who are pissed off at everyone who is able to get an Xbox
360 on launch date.
Just because you can't get one bitch don't mean you should get to be down with everybody
else.
Hello?
Second, the third one goes toward my pre-pneumonia and the fact that my antibiotics are just
now starting to make me feel sicker and I can't really think of much of anything else.
Those are the major pressing items on my mind.
Alrighty, well I'm glad we could get you back on for the FUs.
all it is your your baby here on the program the angst so of course it's not
at ease about me all right well we're gonna let you go for now though so we
can get to chat room at use okay okay all right take care all right bye okay
let's get into chat room at you and the goddamn there's a lot of you ain't look
at all look every single one of these Lincoln every single one of those things
Lincoln right now is nephew so get a cup of cocoa this is gonna be like an
and Ultramix 3 loading screen.
Sakurina says FU to Konami for not having In My Dreams in any games other than Dance
Maniac's first mix.
It's the best Dance Mania song ever and you guys can't even bother putting it in anything
but Dance Maniacs?
Fuck you!
Also, FU to the stupid teacher who made me fail his class because he made an error and
still won't correct it.
FU to the smoker bitch at the bus stop who never stops blowing her goddamn cigarette
smoke my way.
And final FU, FU to the Xbox 360 for being an overrated piece of shit.
Thanks Microsoft for making me a sucky demo kiosk.
That was from Sakarina.
Darkknight would like to say,
F you to having to get up at 5 a.m. to catch a bus to get to work now and F you to being broke again.
NintendoManiac64 says F you to you guys not noticing that someone was playing Mario Kart DS about an hour ago.
No, I knew Loki had been playing Mario Kart DS all night, but I didn't think the mic was picking it up.
F you to you guys for not sharing your MKDS friend codes.
I'll give it out. Just send me a private message on Orange Lounge. I just don't want the freaky other people on the internet to be adding me and shit.
Although I guess I have to have them on my list, huh?
I guess I'd be safe.
I'm nervous.
Because there's stalker people out there and I don't want to watch out for them.
F you to my DSL for crapping out three times during the show. F you to prawn adware.
And when he says prawn, he means pornography, hardcore pornography.
DarklionXBI says, F you to Colin Cowherd of ESPN Radio for dissing the late Eddie Guerrero.
Oh, I heard about this.
You might have no interest in professional wrestling, but dissing the dead is unforgivable.
I hope you die and see what it's like to be dissed dead.
You know what, I don't follow wrestling, so I didn't, but that's why I don't say anything
about it, because I don't follow it, so I just, you know, um.
Well, if it's any consolation, I'm 100% behind that FU.
Yeah, I understand it's a big deal, you know. Don't fuck with wrestling fans, man. They will throw you to the mat.
Dude, one of the pro wrestling sites put up the ESPN comment line and email address, and the wrestling fans crashed both.
Oh, I can imagine.
F.U. to some people telling me to stop correcting at things.
Hey, they might be something little to you, but that's a big thing to me.
SSJ100Matt says F.U. to work screwing me over this week and making me miss my first Thanksgiving away from home.
F.U. to True Crimes New York City for being such a good game but glitchy and choppy as hell.
PopePanda says F you to my gimpy father for preventing me from getting Indian food.
Too spicy? I don't know.
Illusions says F you to being sick for two weeks straight and F you to having two. Count them two papers due this week.
MPQ says F you to being completely unprepared for my Japanese test tomorrow and F you to the Ultra K tarnishing the new arcade with 2DX.
I think there was something else that I forget so F you to my shit memory.
3. Neo14789 says, F you to the creative Xbox 360 distribution strategy. It sucks!
4. XanagerC would like to say, F you to being on the east coast. It's too damn late right
now. Like midnight. Sorry, that's our bad. Damn us being on the west coast.
5. Misty says, F you to having a work Friday. Nuff said and I don't care that I'm off for
Thanksgiving itself. And of course, fuck cage match. Well, love you too, babe.
Dark Knight says, F you to my PC telling me I have to reinstall windows because one file
went mysteriously missing.
Legend of Zaku says, F you to MTV for being unprepared assholes who have no gaming taste,
but at least they gave me two $50 games.
Thanks MTV for pimping my checking account.
F you to GameStop for having the gall of offering me $14 for my sealed copy of NBA Live 06 and
20% less of that if I wanted cash for it.
Roz would like to say F you to whatever my dad's deal was last night, F you to the basketball
team for constantly bitching about the people in the school play. It's not our fault that
the directors were bitches to you. F you to my sensitive skin for being sensitive.
And BX JasonXV says F you to fanboys. Brilliant red sucks. It's not a good song. Go listen
to B rock you. I have to agree. Brilliant red sucks. So you have at least my support
in that game.
Sephiroth1215 says F you to the UltraMix3 problems and to the 360 hype. Even though
I'm still getting one at launch. Hey, I'm an equal opportunist gamer and F you to the random Garth Brooks concert during the MTV savings
That's like that time Loki and I tried to go to Hooters and there was like a random
There was a very random random audio slave concert in the middle of the street like, you know
How many how many times did that does that happen to you that you have this just a random?
Oh, hey, look audio slaves doing a concert in the middle of the street in New York
They had you two show up and do a concert on a flatbed truck
That's how they did their all because of you video and you see a bunch of people like taking pictures with their cell phones
And stuff so I'm like what the hell is you do?
All right, um
Let's go ahead and um get to another quick break. You guys are gonna be leaving now, right? Yeah
I know you got a long drive back. Thank you for coming to the show though and hanging with us. We appreciate it
Yeah, all right. You guys are cool. We like you. Oh, we like you too final thoughts kids
No
I have to take time to think.
Well gosh man, Ultramix 3, well let's just hope Ultramix 4
about does this last bit.
Guitar Hero rocks and
hopefully I'll come back next time with more goodies for the show.
I like goodies, thank you very much for the Guitar Hero poster for the studio,
appreciate it.
Awesome. And then I can't say what the other thing is because it's a birthday present for
somebody but thanks for that too, for hooking up.
okay and i think uh... like i said like image before i'll have one for the uh...
maybe for the best is that
they're nice
op-ed and melody of course thank you to and once again uh... melodies uh... uh...
drive fundraiser so she's
i'm going to be running a twenty
six walking walking a twenty six mile
marathon for this
uh... debbie debbie dot live journal dot com
slash users slash mellow bond
yeah i i i put it in a larger all community tonight and uh...
yeah rock on
Rock on! Rock on! Peace! Peace, you cool cats!
We had some requests, so I'm gonna get to those requests, uh, because I'm a nice guy,
and I'm doing the requests. So we're gonna do just a couple requests, then we're gonna
come back and, yes, I will open up the Skype line one more time, because some of you guys
are bitching and moaning that you didn't get through, so we'll give you one more chance.
So we'll be back after this. Start it off with that four said, uh, dance maniac song
and some of these FUs. We'll be back.
Put a little faith in me now
Put a little trust in me somehow
Cause when I hold you I'm half a pound
Now there's more than a feeling
In my mind, but in my dreams
You will love me to be somebody
But in my heart I can feel
You will take me to be somebody
I wanna make you love me forever
Come on hold me, hold me
A-Y-E-A-A-Y
A-Y-E-A-A-A
A-Y-E-A-A
A-Y-E-A-A
My name is Fuck Yeah
I can't lie, I can't lie, I can't take it, I can't lie
I could notudes to I could notudes to
Whoa
I could notudes to
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock, this is the way we vibe, as we demonstrate,
As we demonstrate, straight
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
Both of me that meets the eye
Cause I love when I grab it and I do the fight
Cause I spy, and it's fly
This is the way we dance
This is the way we rock
This is the way we ride
As we demonstrate
As we demonstrate
This just sounds
This just sounds
Everybody wants a piece of the pie
Water me like Mr. I
Coz I lose when I cover the eye
Don't wanna fight coz I spy
This is the way we dance, this is the way we rock.
This is the way we ride, this is the way we dance.
OrangeLoungeRadio.com
Alright kids, we're back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and as promised we will be opening up the
skype line soon, but we have a couple things we need to get to first.
One of them being the one and only Xtaphur is here, and
Xtaphur, you do your own show on the station, believe it or not, I don't know
why we gave you a show, but you do have one.
And when is it? It's on Mondays,
on Mondays at 7 o'clock to 9. Pretty random show. We don't talk about video
games all too much, but I pretty much open the show to talk about anything.
Mostly cock-ass and fucking. So it's like The View, but with a bunch of
perverts. Oh yeah.
And I try to have guests on the show. Last week, by the way, I gave everybody an
assignment that nobody has emailed me. What is the assignment?
The assignment was to watch a sad movie and email me your thoughts on it.
I told the whole chat room to do it and they have not done it.
Hurry up!
I'm going to beat all of your asses tomorrow on my show if you guys don't do that.
Alright, public spanking for public.
Tuesday nights on this very station.
She's only every other week for right now.
I'm not sure if she's on or off this week because of her being sick.
I think it's an on week but because she's sick she might be off.
I don't know, but check out, pump up the volume with the Wonderly Dark Soccer, and of course,
that's seven o'clock Pacific time, and of course, if you want to always be in the know
on when we're live and stuff, the best place to be is our LiveJournal community, www.livejournal.com
slash users slash orange lounge, okay?
And of course, Wednesday nights is my show, the Rob Roberts show, and yes, even though
it's Thanksgiving, I'll be doing a show this week.
It'll be up after Thanksgiving, it's not until Thursday, but I'll still be.
I'm not going anywhere, so.
I just have to say that I had to work on Friday, so I didn't get to see it until Friday after
work after five o'clock.
We had tried to go to an earlier showing, but all of the showings were sold out, so
we had to go see the last showing, which was at 11.05.
Didn't the movie make like $11 billion this weekend?
You know, it's interesting because their expectations for this film were that it was going to make
less than the opening of The Prisoner of Azkaban made last year because each Harry Potter film
has made less than the one before it. However, this was the biggest opening ever for a Harry
Potter film, also the fourth biggest opening ever in film history for national...
Pottermania!
Yeah, and you know, it's worth pointing out...
Yes, they heard about the Harry Potter in the bathtub scene.
It's worth pointing out also that of the four movies that are the best openings ever,
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire is the only one that is a winner movie.
All the other ones are summer films, like Spiderman, and then there was a couple other ones.
It's the review.
Anyways, I'm not a Star Wars fan.
I saw the movie and it is really good, I enjoyed it.
It fucking annoyed me at the beginning and it was weird because the third one didn't
annoy me at all for what they left out in the book.
I loved the film, it was great the whole way through.
I saw it seven times.
I saw it in London, you know, it was something that was kind of like a magical experience
for Christopher, but this one kind of bugged me, I kept on comparing it to the book and
I don't know, I think it's because they left out so much and I was wanting to see so much
that I was just, I got so disappointed, but I will say that the second half of the film
is better than the first and if you're going to watch a movie, it's all about the second
half film baby it's like so good it gets really good near the end and they do a
lot of good stuff and it is dark and it did earn its pg-13 rating and whether it
was for the gratuitous sexual innuendos or the you know dark themes throughout
the film I don't know if what it was you know why it was rated pg-13 but it was
rated pg-13 for a reason and it was it was really good I would recommend it
It's just that they rush through the first half of the film so much that you're like
Kind of feeling like you're a DD like you can't focus on one particular scene
You know because they take so much they it's like they wanted to put as much as they could from the book
But they just couldn't because of time constraints. All right, you know, but it was good. I enjoyed it
I'm doing it mucho recommend it. All right, so thumbs up thumbs up
I didn't like I didn't love it, but I liked it a lot
And I can't wait for the next one, because that was my favorite book.
Alright, let's see what happens.
Alright, moving on now, what we're going to do is we are going to go ahead and give DarkSakura another call,
because she's not able to be here in person tonight, but she does want to talk to us all through the Skype line
and let us know how she's enjoying the show.
And then we'll open the Skyplane to the rest of you, because I promised we would.
And we might have time to squeeze like one more call in before the show's over.
Hello?
Hello!
Jamie?
Well, it didn't have the...
She didn't hang up on you?
No, she didn't hang up.
Oh, there we are. Hello?
Can you hear me?
It's been off since...
Call us right back.
I hope she got that part.
It's like she's not Dark Sakura, she's Dark Sock.
Hello?
Coffee cough. Well at least we know we can hear her this time.
Are you enjoying the show?
Sort of. Yeah. Well, what's better when I'm there because it's, you know.
I know. Mel and Melody say hello, of course, and, you know, hope you feel better and stuff.
Well, I'm not running a fever anymore.
That's good. They brought you a present. Oh.
I can't say what it is because it's something I got someone else for their
birthday who might be listening.
So it's something.
I'll send you a private message.
OK.
OK.
You've got 10 minutes left on the show.
I know.
Aw, sweetie, feel better.
Well, is there anything else you want to say to the listeners?
Give them a final thought of some sorts?
Um, I like burritos.
I ate one today.
Congratulations.
I don't like lung cookies.
Don't burritos make me?
I feel like my cat.
Don't burritos make you fart, though?
No, they make me throw up, though. That's the problem I have with burritos. They make me fart like a whole bunch.
That is new information. Thank you for that. I know what my cat feels like, though.
I would...
Oh, go ahead.
Horkin' up lung cookies is like horkin' up a hairball.
Oh, God. Oh, I can't even think. Oh, that's horrible. I'm sorry. And I've been getting sympathetic looks from the cat, like, all weekend.
The cat knows what you're going through.
Oh, yes. I feel her pain now.
How was the podcast awards? We didn't get a chance to talk to you a whole lot on
on the air about that. We can get into more detail next week. But that's why you were
out last week. How was the podcast awards?
I saw Adam Curry's hair. He stood a foot away from me.
That's hot. They didn't let you get on stage the same week?
He's still hot. And he's like put on muscle.
Or something. He looks like really good shape. Maybe he's been working out.
Maybe. But I think now that he's a little older he actually
looks more handsome than he did back in his, you know, glam look in 80's days.
Hmm. Did you get to get up on stage?
No, they didn't let us say anything, so Julie and I just leeched off the buffet.
Oh, hey, awesome food! It was actually really good food, but
the thing is that they didn't want to let us in because we didn't have badges. We were like, hey, we won a prize!
Like, okay, you can come in. Was Adam Curry wearing leather?
No, he was wearing like a tux, except he didn't have the jacket or the tie and it was sort
of unbuttoned at the top.
It was that very casual dressy look.
What a lazy, lazy bat.
No, I'm kidding.
There were people who were dressed in nice clothes, and then people who were sort of
not so nice like people who were
wearing like what you wear to like go work out in or something
now you know if I had gone I would have dressed fabulously if I'd went
I dressed fabulously so I forgot to put on my boots
Did you wear your angel wings? No I didn't
You forgot to put on your boots? You know those really hot black pants I have?
I'm sorry what? You know those really hot black pants I have? Yes
I wore those and I wore that shirt that I actually I wore what I wore to the club
last Friday, the Friday before.
Awesome.
Except I didn't have my big red shiny shoes because I actually brought my black boots
instead but I left them in the trunk so I wore my Doc Martens.
Okay, okay.
They were brown.
I was like hell of a lot of this black.
Oh look, brown shoes.
So did you meet any other cool people?
Are you there?
Yeah, I did.
I did. I met a guy named Frank from the Overnightscape, a really cool independent talk show podcast.
Cool.
I met a few other people from the general New Jersey area. Pretty cool folks. We hung out there for a while. I actually got interviewed for his podcast as one of the winners.
I wonder if that's aired yet. We'll have to check that out.
Probably, he does his nightly.
Oh my god, that's a lot.
Yeah, that's a bit much.
I know. Could you imagine if we tried to do OLR nightly? Oh my god, we'd die.
We'd have no life.
Yeah, we don't as it is.
Well, we're going to wrap up the show pretty soon.
I promised a couple other people they could get in on Skype, so we're going to call it a show.
Well, forget that. I'm special.
I know, I know, but...
Okay, I suppose I can deign to release some time to NASA.
Alright, well feel better, okay? Chat room sends much love, but I know you've been lurking in chat, so you can kind of see that, so.
Yeah, well, as soon as I reconnect.
Alright. Kisses, and hearts, and stuff.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Alright. We're going to open up the Sky- we're going to open up the Skype line now, but it's the lightning round, kids. This is the lightning round.
Put in some thunder here. It's the lightning round of our Skype line being open, because you only get two minutes.
We're almost out of time.
That's not thunder, is it?
Wooooo!
Alright, here we go.
That is the worst thunder ever.
Hi, you're on Orange
Orange Radio. Hello.
Obviously I need no introduction.
You already know who this is.
Alright, basically
when I was in the MTV thing
they are going to be
the DDR player they're going to be doing it on
is this cat named Sketch.
He's one of the best players in the universe.
No! I mean it in a noun way. Look, there's got this DDR player named Sketch.
Okay, I'll stop taking away from you in a minute. Go ahead.
He is... he's a freestyler's... hmm?
No, go ahead. S versus being a smartass. Keep talking.
Uh...
Great. You broke his train.
As I said, besides that, all they're really gonna focus on is him.
the only DER player that they shine their cameras on. They just basically asked him
a few questions about, you know, about how, you know, you know, about how, of his playing
skills, and apparently they even went as far as making a breakdance on a carpeted floor
on the stage. Okay. So, pretty much, he will be in an NTV Overdrive special, I think, on
He will be in an NTV Overdrive special I think on Tuesday.
But the segment will probably air this Tuesday in that episode of Direct Effect.
So you'll definitely get a glimpse of him.
Zaku, am I going to see you on the TiVo?
So you're probably going to be TiVo, I assume.
Yeah, I'm gonna do it.
And basically critique it like you always do with other things.
We'll see. Are you gonna be on it?
Another thing. One of the hosts from Direct Effect actually had the gall to walk out of the stage when she refused to do a segment again.
Yeah, she refused to retake a segment.
fucking lala basquiz
the host of direct effect was pretty damn clueless about the arts begin with
so she was a good what the hell do you know is that that game will be times up
all right
next call
higher order radio who's this pages is just one and one night two minutes
wrapped it
related
say my uh... nephews manages i'd i didn't i'm sorry i didn't feel
uh... that's okay that or you got you got two minutes go for it
Yeah, man, my F.U. was Best Buy, because I just started there about a week ago, and now
they want me to come in at 4 a.m. in the morning on Black Friday.
Oh my God, are you having to work Tuesday?
Tuesday.
The XBox day?
No, I don't.
Thank God.
Yes, yes.
You'd have to come in at like 3 a.m. to beat people up on the line and stuff or something,
I don't know.
Yeah, pretty much.
Anything else you want to share?
No, no, no.
You have a minute ten left before I hang up on you?
No, I gotta go now. Alright. Well, I want to hang up on you anyway, okay?
Alright. Alright, there we go. Alright.
Next up.
Lightning round, two minutes. What's up? Who's this?
It's Nintendo X64. Alright, two minutes. What's up?
Well, first off, Mario Kart DS is, like, really awesome.
What is?
Mario Kart DS.
Okay. Oh, yeah, Mario Kart DS is badass. I love it.
Yeah.
And I will get you my friend code. I just, I need a break, so...
Yeah.
Alright.
Hey, Mario, can you give me your friend code, darn it?
It's on the forums. Oh, yeah, look. Look, we put it on the forums.
orangeonsider.com
Okay, cool.
I'm afraid of the stalkers more than he is.
Okay.
Alright, a minute twenty, what else is on your mind?
Uh, I score as a DDR club now, which is like, pretty cool. Yeah.
Cool? Where's that at?
Uh, at my school.
Alright. Well, is this like high school, college, or what?
Yeah, high school.
Alright, awesome.
We put her in FIO.
Okay.
Yeah, and, not even so, I've only done two rounds of DDR, instead of three. Yeah.
Are you guys, are you guys gonna be, uh, bringing Ultramix 3 into your club?
uh...
really have no clothes.
I thought I'd ask.
Alright.
Forty-five seconds.
So I'm still, I'm not the worst person, actually there's other person that's like, I don't think I've ever worked with a person before.
Well maybe they're just joining the DDR club because they want to get fit.
Maybe. Who knows.
Well, what other events do you guys have planned in the DDR club?
uh...
nothing that i really know other than like
ddr
cuz what we used to do in high school is we used to order pizza and then like do
whatever our club thing was do you guys do pizza and ddr?
not that i know
wait wait
one thing i thought was that
two tv's so we didn't have two going on
but for five seconds
three, two, one
and that's two minutes
alright
well the lightning round's fun
geez you're a bitch
Okay, you're going to get off my line right now. Okay, bye bye bye.
I know, and then I talk and take up their whole two minutes, but that's part of the fun of it.
I think I forgot first guy.
You know what? The lightning round, I know, I cut Zaku off so bad, I'm so sorry,
but I think we need to institute the lightning round every time we do Skype. That's fun.
It is fun.
See what I love doing? Do you see how I coaxed him to talk for 30 more seconds just so I could hang up on him?
Yeah, I feel bad, but it's still funny, so you should still do it.
we'll do it right shows over final thoughts lightning round five five
seconds for you know i'm kidding
uh... final thoughts angel your final thought
uh...
i don't know
so they're okay
uh... extrovert your final thought
uh... extroverts case of the mondays monday at seven o'clock
you know i mean i don't know what your final thought
i just lost my song
and uh... my final thought is uh... whatever
i think this life needs a hang-up button that's my final thought life needs a
hang-up button here here one word of the show
final word one word to sum up the whole damn show in one word or less
i'm gonna give it to you
extra for tonight's final word
uh...
that does it for another episode of orange lounge radio live
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Come on forward, my guys
I said come on forward, my guys
Say come on forward, guys
Everybody to the limit
Everybody to the limit
Everybody come on forward, guys
I say ''Come on for Hogwarts guys''
Who's that?
It's through the limit
Everybody come on for Hogwarts guys
Come on for Hogwarts guys
I see you jocke Chad me
Tryna play like
You know me
I'm like come on for Hogwarts guys
Hurry up
Come on for Hogwarts guys
Everybody to the limit
The G is to the limit
Everybody come on for Hogwarts guys
I for receipts
Say oo I
For receipts
Who was that for receipts
Who was that for receipts
I don't know who it is
is but it probably was for receipts
I asked my friend Joe
and I asked my friend Jake
who was that for receipts
I said come on
for receipts
Who is that to delivers
Say me
i'm to delivered
Let everybody come up for hover, guys!
Man, for hover, guys, you're just making yourself look worse, you know?
I mean, everybody's just gonna feel sorry for you.
I mean, I do.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Closing time, you don't have to go home, but you can't stay here.
