Alright you guys listening live. It's not over yet
We still got a little more show for you guys
Just for you guys because we love the folks who take some time out on their Sunday to spend it with us
We really appreciate that. So this is the orange lounge radio after birth. It's just for you guys
First we'll go around and we'll talk about our weeks and our days starting off with Dark Sakura. How was your week? How was your day?
yesterday I went to San Jose to the Rosary Museum and
and, uh, looked at dead things, which, uh, I've posted, uh, pictures, uh, previously in the chatroom, I can do it again, just a few that I took,
and then went out to, uh, buy lots of Pocky for people in Alabama, and then, um, went on to, uh, eat dinner at the Hard Rock Cafe, and I did schoolwork all the rest of the time.
And I got my new driver's license, and my face is no longer humongous on it, because it's 80 pounds less of me.
That was pretty exciting.
Congratulations, yeah.
And so, just otherwise getting things ready to go to Alabama.
Looking forward to the trip.
That's really it.
All right.
Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
My week was busy with wedding stuff.
And, um, yeah, that's pretty much it. You know, wedding stuff, we were trying to get, um, we went and met with the rabbi yesterday to finalize how the ceremony's gonna go, and, yeah, that's pretty much it.
It's been really busy, so. Sorry, I was just making sure the podcast saved okay. A little bit of Jamie's voice got thrown in there, sorry.
My week and my day, it was pretty good. I've just been doing lots of different things, trying to catch up on a lot of stuff before I go out on my trip, and a lot of work-busy stuff, and just having some nice evenings, and kind of out of the gaming circle this week, but it's okay.
Okay, I don't have to be about video games 24-7.
I'm trying to think if I saw any really good movies or anything I want to share.
I did see Donnie Darko, which is a movie a lot of people seem to really like.
I kind of fell in and out of sleep, though, watching it.
Not the movie's fault, my fault, because I stayed up really late.
Oh, I know something I did, speaking of staying up late.
Last night I went to San Jose and participated in the Rocky Horror Picture Show,
which was a lot of fun.
because my ex-girlfriend, I guess ex-girlfriend, is with a cast still over there in San Jose
and we still talk to each other and she wanted to know if I was interested in helping them out
because they needed somebody for a role and I was like, well shit, I haven't done Rocky in over a year
so I went and did that and that was a lot of fun.
But the only bummer about that is that I drove back after Rocky was over.
Rocky starts at midnight and then so I got on the road at 2.30 and didn't get home until about 5 o'clock.
But oh well. As long as my body doesn't reject it.
Alright, yeah, I knew that would happen. Somebody in the chat room is going,
Ha ha ha, girlfriend. Yeah, well, you know. I have a long, sordid past that
I'm not going into right now on this radio show.
Alright. Let's get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
This is the part of the show where we play songs for your enjoyment, hopefully.
And you want to be in our chat room if you want to participate
I know some of you guys like to lurk out there you're listening, but you're not in chat room, and that's fine
Wait you have a right to your anonymity
But if you want to be able to participate and choose the winner you do have to be in our chat room
It's over at www.orangeloungerator.com. Click on chat. Let's get it started
Wakecase match works
We picked three songs for you guys you guys pick your favorite and the winning song goes in rotation all week long
you're on orange lounge radios the Bonnie and video game music program last
week Dark Sakura won and she decided to get a little creative and use a song
that kind of got popular by in the group which is kind of almost like
sideswiping us in a way I don't know but nevertheless it really had to do with
about her love for MC front a lot more than anything so you guys decided you
like to tune it one last week can it win two weeks in a row we'll see yes here's
Here's a clip. Which MC was that? Last week's winner here on the Orange Lunch Radio Stage Match.
I got a feather like a pimp showing up on the side
MC Chicken in the hat got pride
But I can't recall if it was in my night
It was MC Prime, bye bye
Was it MC Razzle-Bazzle? Was it MC Plain?
Was it MC In the Mirror aka MC Vane?
Was it MC Tane in my ears just to listen?
Nah, if it was him I wouldn't miss him
Was it MC Elephant? That would be relevant
Cause of how my memory got crooked now it's hella bad
Let me think, I'mma figure out
What MC are they talking about?
Which MC was that? I can't recollect
I heard him on the internet and it was MC Puff or somethin' but I didn't hit save
Which MC was that? I couldn't say
Maybe it was MC Matter of Fact, he got the authenticity, easy ridin' his act
Always speakin' the truth, never fronts one bit
He and CJ so sincere, don't quit
But I think for some reason that it wasn't him
Wait, was it MC out on our limb with a very risky raffin'
Don't know what happened to the time
Verbal contortion is squeezin', tongue portion's sublime on the mic
on the mic, except for when the bowels breakin', nicked him out the lineup, mistaked him, yo,
it was definitely MC wrong, rockin' jam after jam of inaccurate songs, then again they could've
been MC in sight, strikein' proper stone blind with a lyrical light, must confess, I'm hard
pressed to be certain, wasn't MC hot, hot curtain callin', pay no attention to the man
on the mic, must be a wizard when he rhymes so tight, you're havin' difficulty dredgin'
out your brain, the fact to which MC was that, which MC was that, I can't recollect, I heard
on the internet and it was MC front for somethin' but I didn't hit save
which MC was that? I couldn't say
I couldn't say
step up point X to act smarter than you are about to pull the MC name out the jar
and whoever gets closest wins a nine-sided die and a gift certificate to prize, yo
the moniker is MC front a lot I got a plus one bag of nerdcore hip hop
and my mail list busted a hundred some famous
It's unbelievable, nobody know what my name is
I decided to pick a song from a free CD I got this week.
I actually ordered some Echo Image CDs from a different drum, and I was very happy because
they're B-sides, and I love new Echo Image songs, and I'm very happy.
But they also sent me a free synth-pop sampler, and that made me happy, so I got to hear some
new stuff, try some different bands out.
And I liked this song.
I love the melody in this song, and that's why I'm picking this song.
The singing's a little odd to me, but maybe you guys will like it.
I love the melody, and I think it's a great song, so I want to share it with you guys.
My pick for tonight's cage match is a group called Liquid Divine, and the song is called
Lotus.
So enjoy song number two tonight.
Within the night that lay inside
You were a virgin in my mind
So every day is a takeaway
We are the souls of decay
And all these years that have been fine
And you bewildered in my eye
And if these seconds have been fine
I really will turn in your eyes
See the hands of faces
Drown to hear this crowd
Grab the absolution
I'm afraid it hurts
The creature colours in your eyes
Touched by a floating light to see
Why your hands and misery
Silent voice and into light
Even though I come underwater
To this this is what we're on
The light has left but not to say
We are in love with everything
My heart is frozen in white skies
Waiting for the day we'll rise
By burning roses high as sand
We will know what's on the Earth
See the wits of the faces
Thrown beneath its blood
Grab the absolution
I'm afraid it hurts
The fragile colors within your eyes
Touched by the melting light to see
Why your head is a misery
Tired and worried
We've denied his smile
Song number two in tonight's Cat Age match, that was Liquid Divine with Lotus.
go around and see if the host thought it was divine or uh just kind of liquid poop uh dark
sakura made me freaky it was pretty though all right loki it was like a seven i didn't care for
the synthy voices but the music was good yeah that's my problem with the song too is i hate
the share effect on the voice like way overdone like five times like i think like if uh it could
be i think at the same time like a trans girl singing that would be too cliche so i think
The guy had just sang with his normal voice. I bet it would have been like a real kick-ass song
But for me the the way the synths are done put it in that very dreamy music to F2 category
So, um, I get you know, since it is the season and everything with Valentine's Day being on Tuesday
I'm gonna go ahead and give that song a 9 where it's usually I would have given that an 8
You know if it's the holiday, I give myself a bonus point. All right a
Alright, Loki, what did you pick for your song tonight?
I picked a song by a group called Evergreen called The End.
It's completely picked out of random.
I just picked it up completely at random.
I have no idea if it's good or bad.
So, hope it's good.
Will minimal effort pay off?
We'll find out with song number three, Evergreen with The End.
And, you're on the gate match.
Song number three tonight, Evergreen with The End, a last minute pick by Loki, the last
minute miss payoff we'll find out dark soccer it sounds like the background
music to some sort of airplane game which I love airplane games but it was
kind of boring they get the poor Loki that was a horrible song I don't know
what the hell I was thinking tell me something to be in the groove so I don't
know I have to eat it'll probably win five just because it was really
repetitive I'm gonna be a little bit nicer to the song because I could I
really could see that song like in a video game my problem with it is that it
sounds like it was done on somebody's keyboard in their basement like the
sound quality of it was not quite fleshed out like take my song that I put
in tonight chances are a lot of those indie synthpop fans probably did write
those songs in their basement but that's not sound like it was done to me
basement the melody was very fleshed out and stuff they think if that song was
done with slightly better production values it might have been worth my time
time but for now it gets a six four five six there it wins there was all right
but it's not up to us it's up to you you guys in chat to vote for your favorite
here's a recap in case you're not sure what to vote for tonight song number one
you can vote for is MC front a lot which MC was that and song number two you can
can vote for tonight is Liquid Divine with Lotus.
And song number three you can vote for tonight is Evergreen with The End.
Late vote now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote, and if you don't, you
will be flogged repeatedly.
Anybody watching the Olympics?
Nope.
I don't watch TV.
Not even the Olympics?
I know some people that don't give a crap about sports.
I wish Miklotov was still here because I know he's one of those people who doesn't give
a crap about sports, but will watch the Olympics when they come on because, I don't know, there's
There's something, I don't know, there's something different about the Olympics, all that culture
and all those different types of sports being played.
You don't watch them?
Nope?
No?
In Dark Sakura, you don't even watch this stuff?
I know you don't watch TV, but not even though you say you don't watch TV, you do make a
rare exception, though, because you do watch Buffy, you watch-
Buffy's been off the air for a year now.
Right, but there's been other, I know there's been stuff here and there, I'm just curious
if the Olympics is an exception.
I guess not.
Well, I do like figure skating. I've loved figure skating all the time because my mom used to do amateur roller skating and I said it was a little bit.
But really, I do not put TV as, this is just my opinion of it, I'm not saying anyone else says this, I don't think of my television as my number one source of entertainment.
So therefore, even though there may be a show I might be interested in or the Olympics or
something big going on, I don't think of it as TV.
I look online for the news.
Okay.
The results.
It's never been a big thing to just sit and watch it, you know.
Figure skating might be kind of boring this year anyway.
I heard Michelle Kwan pulled out.
She's always usually the best one to watch.
They had a date my mom marathon on today.
God, please don't tell me you watched that.
I watched about two episodes of that because I couldn't reach the remote from where I was
City. That show is horribly scripted. I mean, I hate anything that they call reality TV
on MTV because just like the crap that they were making them say was so ridiculous. Like
where they ask him like, you know, so tell me about her camel toe and then like, you
know, the mother won't understand. She'll think, oh, you're talking about my daughter's
pinky toe that's turned sideways or something. Oh, that's her camel toe. Or like, you know, this one, it has this gay one on it today, and he's like,
so yeah, do you think your son would mind if I gave him a pearl necklace? Oh, that's disgusting. Why would you say that to somebody's mother?
And she's like, well, I don't know if he looks good in pearls, but, uh, it was just like completely retarded. I mean, come on. There was this other guy who wanted to sniff, like, the mother's, like, armpits because he had this, like, smell fetish thing.
finish than you are
so the crap it's on t-v i didn't like you don't think you know what though
there is there is a very very famous clip that comes from date my mom
like harry potter with a vagina
and i was from date my mom
yeah
that's retarded stuff but
i did like the soup in their curious george
that was great
although we know it over here is a put george w bush and instead of people
Yeah, the soup's pretty good. That soup's probably my favorite show on TV.
And what I like about it is that it takes all the funny clips from other shows and puts them together.
So it's like, it's Cliff Notes for TV, for pop culture.
I love it. There's a couple movies I've been looking at that I want to see.
They're coming out, Ultraviolet looks pretty sweet, kind of like another Matrix-type movie.
Which, I don't know, it looks pretty sweet.
And then, Scary Movie 4. As much as I didn't really care for Scary Movie 3, Scary Movie 4 looks funny.
Because there's a giant iPod that destroys the world, and that's so completely true.
It's near and dear to your heart, isn't it?
You know what's funny? Speaking of that movie there, we saw this interesting marquee at Rocky last night and took a picture of it there.
See, look, somebody meant to, like, they have all the movies that are playing at the plaza there.
They have, like, Pink Panther, Nanny McVie, Curious George, and they have coming soon, 8 Below, and then look at this, Ultra Violate.
Jamie can appreciate this one because she's a grammar Nazi there ultra violate the movie is supposed to be ultraviolet, right?
They put ultraviolet
There should be a movie called ultraviolet, you know, he's a porno
I'm sorry that I poked at you in your life journal, by the way, speaking of grammar. That's all right
I don't even know what I did, but I did because I as a subject. Oh, I gave you a collective eye roll
Because you used I as a subject. When you said me and I. No, he's him and I. You used it as a subject. It should have been him and me.
Oh, my bad.
Jamie's grammar lesson of the night.
Grammar tip of the week. That's what you need on the podcast because you got rid of it.
A grammar tip of the week. Yeah.
We've got to get rid of the website and get your grammar tip of the week instead. What's the thing about that?
Rock.
If we do go on a little break here, maybe that could be something.
Remember, an apostrophe does not make it plural.
That would be, that is very useful for kids that write on web forums and stuff.
You need to look into this. I think we have something developing here.
We'll see. Or I could do it. It would be ironic
if I did it because I have the worst grammar in the world.
I've read your email. Yeah, but I write, you know, I'm fast.
I write good at work because I'll take time to spell check
grammar check and all that good stuff, but when I'm writing
informally, as I do in my live journal, I don't bother.
It's like, whatever.
All righty.
By the way, big thank you to Bugged, who I think was the
one that pointed that out and made my buddy Jason take a
picture of that.
Let's see.
Oh, yeah.
Somebody in chat room says, Sky write good.
I've got to tally up cage match votes here.
Somebody's got to talk about a completely different subject.
Loki, do you have any podcast articles that
make the cut tonight um maybe I don't know um I'm just looking they have like
something on DJ max portable you know the one that was coming out on the PSP
it's kind of beatmania but they have like something that says George W Bush
video so I have to really watch this to see what exactly they're talking about
because it'd be interesting but um I don't know I'm just trying to think of
like stuff that's going on. There are some games I forgot to mention that were
coming out this week. Grandia 3 and Exit for the PSP. Well, Grandia 3 is for the
PS2. What else was there? There's some Yu-Gi-Oh 2 for 1 that was also coming out
but I don't play Yu-Gi-Oh so who cares? And then, I don't know. Lots of good games coming out in March
including that really crappy game Dance Factory, the one by Codemasters, where you put any CD in and it'll make DDR steps for it.
I'm worried about this game. Yeah, it looks like crap. I'm sure it is.
And there's a new Monster Rancher game coming out. Oh, yay!
Because, you know, we love those games. And then, um...
I don't know. I'm trying to think of really good games coming out.
You don't have to fill time anymore.
Bust a move! Bust a move, Alex.
What? What? What? Oh. Never mind.
You got me excited for a minute here because I thought we were talking Kitty Yen.
No. Bummer.
Alright. I did also last night, you know, we had those brochures that were pretty cool.
um... of uh...
there was a damn
that tango game
uh...
extent x tango yeah all did it back in every freaking come out now
but the brochures
they're made of the flake weird stuff that i talked to my fireplace
and they'd like
burst in the flames like
late blew up like jiffy popper some like that i was in the
well
it's just like the huge fire coming out of the world
We were burning things last night and playing Scrabble.
Fire and Scrabble, that's like the best way to spend an evening.
Then Clue.
You know I had a fucking party, Loki.
By the way, I still have Rob's copy of Clue.
God damn it, give it back.
Never.
Because Jason hasn't seen it and needs to.
So at least I think he told me.
You need to watch Advent Children.
I know, I'm going to watch Advent Children.
As a follow up to something we talked about, Loki got me a DVD of Advent Children so I could...
Speaking of having children, remember I posted a new date on their website. It's coming out April 25th in the US.
Sure it is.
Yeah, it's until it gets delayed again. But tentatively, I mean, the pre-booked date on it is in May, or not May, it's April, March, get my months straight here.
So, um, hopefully this is finalized that's coming out, and since I've also heard the rumor that it was coming out in the UK on the 24th, but I think they've denied that now, but...
Loki, for your next fire and scrabble night, um, Roz says, I heard that strawberry Pop-Tarts burst into flames.
Well, I don't have Pop-Tarts. We haven't really burned, like, we just burn our junk mail, and, um, whatever paper we have in the house, usually.
I've been trying to push for burning the phone book, but for some reason she doesn't want
to burn the phone book.
Look at all that free flammable stuff, I mean it's like the size of a log as it is.
That stuff would go up in flames too.
All right, let's reveal tonight's podcast winner, you know who's a, or podcast winner,
CAGEMATCH winner.
I have something else on my brain.
Tonight's CAGEMATCH winner, very interesting CAGEMATCH winner situation tonight because
We had two songs tied, but one song got one more vote than those two songs.
So it was an incredibly close match tonight.
So all songs did very well.
It was damn near a three-way tie.
But in the end, there could only be one winner.
And the winner tonight was...
Believe it or not...
Evergreen with the end.
to which the three of us give a collective huh because we all hated that
song but just goes to show that it doesn't matter what we think ultimately
the chat room can do whatever the fuck they want I think they're just fucking
with us that was our punishment for you doing that Loki good job way to ruin it
Loki dick survive and since we're absence Jamie now will be here next week
that song by default wins two weeks in a row good job Loki wait here lose at the
the internet.
Kill him.
This show is over.
Death by Ferret.
This show is over.
I'm kidding.
Final thoughts.
The extra final thoughts, Loki.
I need to freaking get out of this goddamn writer's block for my music stuff, because
I need to make music, or a song, by the March deadline.
Dr. Sockery, final thoughts.
I like mummies.
I looked at Mummified Cats, remember?
Not if my cats are cool, because when they have their wrappings, they actually stitch little ears onto their wrappings. It was cute.
Dorky. My final thought is bye and I'll see you on March 5th. Bye. I'm going to miss you guys.
I miss you already, Rob, but my aim's improving.
Shut up. I'll see some of our listeners at Katsucon, though. That's going to be exciting.
And I have to make flyers for Katsucon, because I said I would at some point, so we'll do that.
That's it. Here's your porch cookie message for the day.
dedicated to video games and what gamers really want to know.
