Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of November 14th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Logan.
Hello, everybody! Once again, welcome to another episode of Orange Lounge Radio To Go,
You're home from latest gaming news about video games that don't suck, all the news
you really want to know about.
You know, once in a while, though, we do have to talk about games that do suck, but just
to remind you to avoid them.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Skye.
Joining me tonight, the one and only TecmasaLoki.
Yep, it's me.
How you doing?
I'm doing good.
All right, and DarkSakura, as we mentioned last week, she's been representing us at the
podcast awards this weekend, so she is not able to be here with us tonight.
She'll be back next week for sure.
But she did pass along a special message for everyone, and we'll be reading that a little
bit later.
But we're going to start off tonight's show, and usually we start off with a little bit
of How Was Your Gaming Week, but I want to change that a little bit tonight, because
I just want to get this off my chest, because I've kind of been thinking about this quite
a bit this week, and I think I've decided that I don't want to get an Xbox 360 on launch
day anymore.
Like, I was all hyped up about getting the Xbox 360 the day it was coming out on launch
and I was ready to fight those lines at Best Buy and Target or wherever I decided to end
up going, Toys R Us, which I think will probably be one of the best places, and now I'm just
like, after reading about all these horrible, horrible delays, and reading about, now, Lokey,
didn't your system get delayed, in fact? You were supposed to get one, you reserved it
months ago?
Yeah, but I have my theories on this too.
Oh yeah, what do you think, before I continue to rant?
My theory is that they're not going to be as short-handed as they think they are. I
I think Microsoft purposefully told them
they're getting less than they actually are.
So, okay, you pre-ordered 200 for your store.
They said, oh, well you're only gonna get 50,
they actually ship you 100, or something like that.
So, those people that thought that they weren't
gonna get them, they got lucky and they got some,
so Microsoft looks like the hero now,
but still they're still cutting them short
and they still sell out
and there's still the media hype about it.
Well, it's backfiring, because I was interested,
but after hearing about all the shortness,
Wait, do I really want to deal with this crap?
Do I really want the system that badly at launch?
And it kind of made me re-evaluate what games are
coming out at launch after playing the kiosk and stuff.
And sure, I'm not being anti-Microsoft with this
statement.
I will get an Xbox 360 eventually, but I'm just
going, do I really want to buy into this launch hype?
Is there any game that's coming out on launch day I
really, really want?
And I'm thinking to myself, you know what?
No, there isn't.
I mean, I can wait.
I can wait until January or later.
And come to think of it, there's very few systems that
bought on launch. The last one was the Nintendo DS, but before that I can't really think of
what system I probably bought on launch day. So, it can wait. But I know I've been kind
of going back and forth on that for a while, so who knows. I reserve the right to change
my mind before the official D-Day in what, like nine days or so? Where are we? Well,
it depends on what day you're listening to this podcast, but you know, we're very little
time left. But I'm just like, you know what, for all that money, especially if they're
going to be pushing me to buy two games out the door and everything, and all this other
accessory crap i'm just like you know
what maybe push they're not going to
require it and you know I have my own
qualms with I've read about how they're
going to be doing this whole thing at
Best Buy and how they like want you to
buy all this stuff and they're hoping
they spend six hundred dollars at their
store
well the hell with them I had the
remember those free Best Buy bucks they
had the money for from McDonald's thing
and all that wonderful stuff
well I like about thirty one dollars of
this stuff so I was going to go buy
Shadow Colossus there and just say hey
okay cool I get the game for like three
bucks or whatever. No! You can only use three dollars on a game DVD or CD. I'm like where
does it say that on this? Well it doesn't say on this. It's on the giant paper. I'm
like what giant paper? Do they want to see the giant paper? It's like it almost made
me think like I was going to go see the Wizard of Oz or something like that because you know
oh he wants to see the giant paper? No not the giant paper. No one has to see the giant
It's like, what the hell? So I basically went and got, you know, a spool of blank DVDs instead in the mall.
Is this good enough for ya? No, that's fine. I'm like, shit, god.
Then I went and spent my money elsewhere. But I did pick up shallow classes.
Well don't derail my Xbox 360, dog. Sorry, sorry.
That's probably what every gaming podcast is going to talk about this week is Xbox 360.
But I'm going to say I'm probably not going to buy it.
I've pretty much decided in my mind that my money is better spent on current Xbox, PlayStation 2, and GameCube games, and the 360 thing can wait until January.
I'm just gonna... I have, like, what? Tons of games pre-ordered. I have four games pre-ordered right now, with a possible fifth being pre-ordered later this week because I have store credit.
I'm going to be getting the games. In the system, I have a feeling I'm not going to be waiting that much longer, even if it is not launch day, which I still think it probably is going to be launch day.
I'm still going to get one probably pretty soon, whenever they decide to ship more.
So I'm not really that concerned about not being there. I don't want to wait in line in the morning.
You know what if I I
Let some kid who really wants the Xbox 360 for some game. They've got to freakin have on the day one
You know what? I'm being nice
I'm stepping aside because you don't want to see me with my claws out in the line waiting to get one of these systems
So I'm being nice. I'm stepping aside. I will wait so one of you more eager kids can go get your Xbox
Well, yeah a nice thing
What game stuff told me as I have their pre-ordered mind back in May in order to get one that's before
Or, you know, they even announced the price point or anything for the system.
That'd be like me booking the revolution right now, which I should probably go do anyway
since, you know...
Seriously, if I want a revolution on launch day, maybe I ought to go pre-book that now.
I'm worried I'm not going to get Mario Kart DS on Tuesday, because it seems like everybody
and their sister wants that game.
Mine's already working.
Crazy.
Um, I do want to mention this before, I mean this is a little bit of a news story, but
it's kind of some late breaking news that's coming in as we are taping, because we tape
on Sunday nights, and we're getting this story.
It's actually coming off of Joystick with Q.com, and they're saying that Circuit City
is advertising on their website, and you can actually see this on their website, CircuitCity.com,
that they will be selling 360s on Friday at 2 p.m. Eastern Standard Time.
Now, of course, the initial thought when you see this is, okay, they're going to sell it
on their website, and you order it on the website, and they'll ship it to you by Tuesday
or something, right?
they're really breaking the launch day, but the weird thing is that this article
says they actually called the customer service line and they spoke to a
customer service rep and they're saying that every physical Circuit City
location will be selling the console this Friday at 2 p.m. Eastern and just
to be sure they called back and double-checked just to make sure that
they indeed were selling this and they said yes it will be available this
Friday at 2 p.m. Eastern Time online as well as at our stores. So our thought was
we'll call our local Circuit City in check, but unfortunately since we taped Sunday night
and it's about 8.40 now, we missed the boat, because they closed at 8, so we didn't get
a chance to call.
Did people still shop at Circuit City?
I bought my video card there, they're still a fine store.
Last thing I bought...
Crappy location in this area.
Just to give you some reference, the last thing I bought at Circuit City was your Game
Cube.
Wow, that was a long time ago, that was a Christmas present like three years ago?
Long time ago. No, I had my car alarm installed in Circuit City. They're still around.
Well, I shouldn't be giving them a free plug, but they do the free installation and everything, so...
Well, I don't know.
If I really didn't have one pre-ordered and already paid for, I might go look there, but I don't care.
I don't know. I have a feeling this might change by Monday, Tuesday, when you guys are actually hearing this podcast,
but this is something that's late-breaking, so keep an eye on CircuitCity.com if you want to try and beat the rush, so to speak.
Although, you know, with every gaming site reporting this, who knows, everybody and their
sister is probably going to be lining up to get an Xbox 360 on Friday from Circuit City.
That's going to be a lot of interesting phone calls, if it isn't true.
Anyway, let's do a little bit of how is your gaming week, what games you've been playing
this week, and what you're up to.
Loki, you mentioned Shadow of the Colossus?
Yes, I was playing that today.
I've gotten through already six of the Colossus's, and I think there's only 12, and it only took
two hours and it wasn't that hard but I mean you think there might be like a
hidden ending or a hidden level like like Symphony of the night upside down castle
type thing well I know you can play through it more times and I think there
are some stuff you unlock and I know there's a harder difficulty and stuff
like that so there's more of that and the only thing that really kind of
peeves me about this game is you're actually kind of fighting two enemies at
the same time the Colossus and the camera because the camera does not want
to freaking focus on anything correctly. I have to constantly control it with the right
analog stick while trying to fight this thing. And there's a button to focus in on the colossus
kind of like... it reminds me of Mega Man Legends where you can target stuff and that
works really well. This does not work very well. Also, I get lost quite a bit trying
to figure out where the hell I'm supposed to be going in this game. And there's really
nothing else you know running around in the environment other than the environment looking
really beautiful pretty much you know you kill colossus you come back to this temple
thing to tell you what colossus you have to fight next you go find it kill it and you
know wash rinse and repeat it's just i don't know but it's a good game i mean there's some
pretty amazing stuff like i fought one that was like an eagle type thing so i had to grab
onto this thing and fly around and that wasn't too fun, but I managed to do it and also fall
off of it numerous times into water and get very pissed off yelling at the TV.
But I don't know.
It was a really fun game.
Well it sounds like it's a game you can really get into then.
Sometimes yelling at the TV makes a really good game.
Well I was frustrated because I'm trying to grab ahold of this one part of it and it keeps
grabbing some other part of it and I'm like, son of a bitch!
Do what I want you to do!
And so, that was kind of annoying, but then, I don't know, I'll probably play through it
and be done with it, and that's it.
The other game I've been playing is Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories.
I've been playing this twice a day, a break, and kicking the crap out of my co-workers.
I am fucking awesome with the rocket launcher.
Just no competition.
I'm tempted to check that out.
I've not been that into Grand Theft Auto.
I understand why it does so well critically and commercially, but
for me personally it's not really my kind of game. But I am kinda tempted to
check out this PSP one if for no other reason I need more games for my PSP.
Um, the multiplayer is the best part. I love it. And this
should have been something they really had in all of them. I think
this is something that should have been in San Andreas,
Vice City, because it's really fun and it's even another reason to buy the game.
And
I mean just do it with the amount of players that you can do it in the PSP like six or
eight players you know or whatever
and just have it online and be able to play that way I think it'd be really fun and you can
get some really good tournaments and stuff going along
I'm hopefully in the next reiteration of this which is coming out exclusively on
the PS3
will have something multiplayer on it because I think it really needs it or
even two player co-op would be awesome
Good ideas. So anything else you've been playing besides those two?
That's it. I've got a lot of stuff lined up for this week, but that's about it. I've got Gun and Matrix.
Sounds good. Path of Neo?
Yeah.
I've heard some good things about that game.
Looks good. Then there's more stuff coming out this week, I know, or it'll be Need for Speed Most Wanted is coming out.
I can already tell you, UltraMix 3 is out this week, and Mario Kart DS.
Yeah, I'm getting DS'd.
Honestly, I mean, have no time to dance with Mario Kart DS out. I mean, everybody's hyping this game.
If it's the letdown Double Dash was, I'm gonna be pissed, but they're saying they did not screw with the formula this time, so...
They redid the, um, the, um, what was it, multiplayer, um, stuff, but it's good. The stuff that they did with it is really good, so...
We'll see.
And the fact that we can play online, oh hell yes.
We'll see, we'll see. I'm excited. This is, you know, this is a very interesting week if you think about it.
this is a huge week in that this is almost epic in that this is where
Nintendo is finally
embracing online and granted I mean you could
you know get me on a little loopholes like you know a fantasy star online for
the GameCube but let's face it that was a Sega game
was established before the GameCube you could say you know that stuff that was
in Japan with the fancy Zelda and F-Zero tracks and stuff
those little things aside this is really the first like true
embracing of online that Nintendo's doing that we're gonna see this week with
Mario Kart DS.
That's a big ass deal to me, seeing as that
I think one of the places where the GameCube could have done a lot better
was with
online support. I think the GameCube would have been a more successful and threatening
system if they'd been online, but
you know, some folks differ with me there, but I think...
I'm still waiting for their announcement on December 9th.
December 9th, folks, this is the day before the Japanese launch of the 360. They're
they're gonna drop a bomb, so...
We'll see.
You know, we have a...
Well, because last...
For those of you guys that heard last week's show, Loki made his case for why he thinks
the big revolution is stereoscopic 3D, and I think I have something tonight that's gonna
even add to that case.
We'll get there in a little bit.
But first I want to talk about my gaming week.
Go ahead.
I've been promising to talk about Taito Legends for like three weeks now, and now I will finally
say something about Taito Legends, which I checked out on the Xbox.
Not a bad deal for 20 bucks.
There's some really rock solid games that you love in this collection.
Bubble Bobble, Rainbow Islands, two games I remember, Elevator Action, of course, that
game was badass as well, Space Invaders, lots of cool retro games, but of course for all
the cool retro games there's a lot of weird crap in there as well, like stuff I'd never
really heard of, kind of filler, if you will, nothing else, but you know for 20 bucks it's
not a bad deal, and sometimes that filler can be a good thing, like there was one particular
game in there, I want to say it was New Zealand Story, and it was something I'd never really
played before. I'd heard of it, but I'd never really played it before, and it was actually
kind of a cool game, like it was one of those things where I was like, oh, I wish I knew
about this when it was the arcades, but it was probably a small game. So some little
gems in there as well, so if you're into the retro collection thing, a lot of good games
for 20 bucks, I would recommend it for you. If you're not into the retro collections,
nothing here is going to win you over, but you know, arcade perfect bubble bobble on
your console, it's pretty cool, you know, unless you're already into the main thing,
Come on, support these guys a little bit. It's 20 bucks! Not that bad.
So, I know, that was a little short review of Title Legends, but what else can I
really say about it? And another game I got to check out, I went to a little party
yesterday for a web forum I'm on,
and got to check out some new games at this party. Mario Party 7 being one of
them.
And I don't even know if I can really review Mario Party 7. I mean, what the hell
can I say about it?
You've seen 4, 5, 6 on the GameCube, and 3, 2, 1 before that on the Nintendo 64.
yeah it is a player's that was the first is we actually played innate player game
and use half the controller in the eight player game like you and a friend hold
on see have to get you know close quarters
but a una friend each hold half the controller and when you
uses the sea stick there will be yellow sea stick in the right trigger
and the other person uses the left analog controller in the left blocker
so works out you do you know a player and you can do teams around-the-board
we even did an eight-player gamer on the board and
myself and explain half one of course I am very much
Princess Peach?
Hell yes, as always, Princess Peach and uh... Nick Latov was toad, so...
it worked out.
We kicked butt.
Uh, anyway, but
those guys are probably pissed off at me.
Uh, anyway, no, we had a good time.
I mean, honestly, I don't know what else I can say about it. You know if you like
these kind of Mario Party games, I don't think they make very good single-player
games at all.
So if you're the type of person that games by yourself,
I don't think there's a whole lot here for you, although there are single-player
modes.
You know what? There are some pretty cool mini-games. There was a couple cool puzzle mini-games in it.
This one where there were these balls that were falling. It kind of reminded me of this old ass arcade game I used to play at Golf Land called Battle Balls.
Did you ever remember this game? It was like a Japanese import game where it had these marbles that were falling and you had to stack them.
It was kind of like, I don't know, I can't even explain it. It was like a Tetris type game.
Well, they have something like that in this, except it's a rotating sphere that you let the balls fall into.
fall into. So there's some kind of cool minigames. So you know what? I think there would be some
cool stuff in here if you are a single player, you know, but to get the full potential of
this game, you've got to be the type of person that has friends over a lot, or you've got
a big family, so there's always somebody there to play the game with you. I think you'd get
more value out of it that way. But it does seem to be a better Mario Party game than
the last couple I played. I didn't particularly enjoy 5 or 6 as much as 4, although most other
people I've talked to say that 4 is the weakest. That wasn't my personal opinion, but 7 is
pretty solid entry so if you've kind of been lagging on the Mario Party series
7 is a good one to come back to and it does have the microphone support again.
Another game I checked out was Karaoke Revolution Party which I'd
played a little bit at E3 but I got to see the full release of the game and
again this is one of those games where I don't really see the value in it if
you're going to be playing by yourself unless you want to practice singing
because it's a darn good way to see like if you're tone deaf or not with
Karaoke Revolution because if you're not familiar with this game basically it
it shows you the lyrics on screen like regular karaoke, but it scrolls by
and there's pitch bars and you actually sing into either your... now this is out
on multiple systems, it's out on all the major systems
but the version I played was on Xbox, and you can actually use your Xbox Live headset
as a microphone, but the game also has a bundle that comes with a
you know, holding microphone if you want
but it actually gauges your pitch as a little arrow so you can see exactly, you
know, if you're tone deaf the game will tell you, you know, honestly
how you're doing.
So that's kind of how it works. So I could see maybe a little bit of single player value
and that you know you want to be a better singer but
this is really more the kind of thing where you know again if you have people
around a lot, you're an entertainer type with your video games,
you'd probably get a lot of value out of Karaoke Revolution Party because I'll tell you
at this party it was a hit.
Everybody got on there and was doing the
random medley, because you can do little medleys of five songs and just do random.
So random songs would come up.
And the interesting thing about Karaoke Revolution Party is that the song list
is very eclectic. There really is something for everyone, which is a strong point and
a weak point, because the fact that there's something for everyone means that you really
only really, really like five or six songs on the list, and then the rest are kind of
like, oh, I know that song, oh, I know that song. It didn't really focus on one genre.
What I think is interesting about the Xbox version is that you can expand the song list
via Xbox Live. There are 100 songs available on Xbox Live for download, and you can either
download a block of five songs in a genre for five dollars each or you can
download the whole shebang all one hundred songs for eighty bucks
holy crap i don't know who'd want to spend eighty bucks that you have to be
a hell that's really good yeah i mean there's a lot of expansiveness to this
game so
certainly the song list will not grow stale
you're gonna have to spend eighty maybe a hundred dollars to really expand it
but you know if you're willing to spend five dollars here five dollars there
you can at least buy the genres, because at least it breaks it out into genres.
You could buy like, okay, if I want to buy all the rock
packs, that would be like ten dollars.
You know, if you're more of a rock music fan. So that's...
okay, that's cool.
I would recommend Karaoke Revolution.
Again, this is one of those games where you already know if this game is for you.
It is definitely the strongest Karaoke Revolution title to date
because, you know, there's been three other volumes released. This one has
create a character, this one has the sing and dance mode,
and both of those just really add to what was already a really, you know,
unique game, so definitely the strongest entry in the series so far. Check it out
if you're a fan of the music games. And so those are the games I checked out
this week. Cool. Alright, let's move on to some gaming news. What's going on in the
gaming world? Let's talk about the Xbox 360. You know, we're talking about that
little bit at the start of the show, and I'm sure you guys are sick of Xbox 360
dominating the news and everything, but let's face it, it's out in like 10 days, so we
have to talk about it
compatibility list finally released over xbox dot com exactly which games
they will be backwards compatible supporting and yes it is apparently
going to be using an emulator type thing because only about two hundred titles or
so are emulatable so well so far so far they say they are going to expand to it
but you do notice a couple things that are missing right off the bat such as
dance dance revolution ultra mix
uh... some of the other things such as uh... i notice midway arcade treasures
wasn't on there
and some of the other like older Xbox titles. There's some weird stuff on that list that's all I
gotta say. But most, you know what, and I know a lot of people are saying this
like why is
Barbie on the list and uh... you know these aliens versus predator and some of
these games that weren't standards you know you have
this alongside Halo 2, Halo, Fable
you know all the games, Ninja Gaiden and all the games you would expect Xbox
360 to be emulating. My thought is, is like
if you are familiar with emulating of games at all, like
for instance take Nintendo emulation, there's like
I think, and please don't quote me on this, but I think there's like 13 common
mappers
and like maybe a hundred not so common mappers and once you can get
one of the maps to work in your emulator, usually you can get all the games that work
on that map
to work in the emulator, you know what I mean? Okay, yeah. So I think it's kind of like a
a similar thing with this like once you get one type of game to work you
probably get a whole bunch of them to work if that's what they're doing is the
emulation so that's probably why you see games like Barbie in here because you
know maybe by getting Ninja Gaiden to emulate it took five seconds to get
support for Barbie whereas a game like Ultra Mix or something will probably
take a little more effort that's my thought so that's why I'm not freaking
out about this the stuff that they picked to be on this list because
obviously they went for their standards and they just haven't gotten around to
rest of it yet. But another question was answered and that was, if I bought
something, if I bought premium content on the Xbox, will I be able to transfer it
over to the Xbox 360? No, you will not be able to transfer it to the Xbox 360. So
don't shelve your Xbox console or sell it back just yet if you use your premium
content that's on there because you will have to re-buy it on Xbox 360, at least
that's what we're hearing right now. So far, I mean, that might change later,
if they figure out a way to do certain things.
I somehow don't think it will.
Although, if you are a Dance Game fan, I did see on the list Pump It Up
Exceed was on there, so that is one game you'll at least be able to play
on the fewest. And I don't think that was Microsoft saying we prefer Pump It Up to
DR or any of that crap, I think it's just again,
you get one game to work and Pump It Up worked as well. There's no problem though.
How are you going to play it on the dance pad?
Oh! Damn! Good thought, good thought. Is it not the same controller ports?
I assumed it was the same controller parts. I don't really research some of these things.
There are no controller ports.
What about... no, there's a wired controller that you get in one pack?
USB.
Oh, duh. That makes too much sense for my feeble brain.
No, what they could do is a USB adapter, since the actual Xbox controllers are...
I'm sure there's already...
...modified USB. There's probably already an Xbox to USB so people could use those things on their computer.
I'm not sure that the game would recognize and that's a problem
but I don't know. I'm sure this stuff will come out later but
at least it's available. You can play it on the controller.
Alright, speaking of music games, we have a couple other music game news things I
want to get to you guys.
Beatmania, which is, you know, one of the first
games that really kicked off the whole Bomani trend over at Konami.
Beatmania USA is coming out. We have a release date for that and it's
February 8th. Yep. So we're hearing is the release date for that and Loki you were the one that picked up on this, right?
Yep, just came in on your calendar. That's what Konami sent over to us so far
Of course, you know with the dates shuffling like crazy
That could move but that's what they've given us so far and we actually have a solid date for it. So
Who knows but tentative should be pretty cool
And speaking of beat mania if you are the type that imports your beat mania from Japan like I did for a long time
TenStyle is on its way out very, very soon. I think it's next week as well.
TenStyle has the song list up, and what's very interesting is that there's a very interesting crossover in it.
Jelly Kiss, Midihead's SmackMix from UltraMix 3 is crossing over into 2DX TenStyle,
which is interesting because if you follow the music gaming forums, people have been saying that Midihead needs to be in 2DX for a long, long time.
And you know the other footnote I have to this, Midihead is going to be on the show next week.
We're going to have an interview with him, so I'm going to ask him exactly what he thinks about this.
We'll have Midihead on next week's show.
Let's see, what else is going on here in the gaming world?
Let's talk about this, because this made me squeeze like a little fanboy.
It was beautiful. I think I shed a tear over this.
I forgave Squeenix over this.
I'm going to sound like such a nerd, but I don't care.
Kingdom Hearts 2. Did you see those pictures coming out of Famitsu magazine?
I'm sorry, not Famitsu, I'm just kidding. Jump Magazine was the
magazine that released this. Kingdom Hearts 2 characters
in Tron outfits. Awesome.
Meaning that Tron is a level in Kingdom Hearts 2.
I forgive them for the delay. They show stuff from Tron. Yeah, they show screenshots and stuff.
Great. That is very exciting. I do like seeing them
crossover into these other non-animated movie genres and stuff like that like
the Pirates of the Caribbean and that I think is a really good way... Did you hear about Steamboat
Willy? Somebody at the party yesterday was telling me about Steamboat Willy is one of the
stages too, I didn't know that. Retro Mickey or something, like old style. Yeah, old, old style.
I think that's awesome and this is also another plea out there. Square Enix needs to
get back with Nintendo and give us a real sequel to Super Mario RPG. I'm
telling it because imagine this if you take this this kind of same style but
with actual Nintendo games and the Nintendo characters and stuff and just
make it like Nintendo RPG or something like that I would that I would like to
give another plea over to Squeenix because I'm sure Kingdom Hearts 3 is
inevitable and I would just like to issue a friendly reminder to Squeenix
that Disney now has the license to the Muppets think about it thank you could
be disastrous, but it could be the greatest thing ever as well.
Think about it.
That's all I'm asking.
Think about it.
All right, now of course I said we'd have a special message from the one and only Dark
Sakura who went to the Podcast Awards this weekend, and if you didn't hear, over at podcastawards.com
earlier this year they did some nominating and voting, and we somehow actually won the
award for Best Gaming Podcast thanks to our awesome, awesome legion of fans, and so Dark
Dark Sakura went down to LA this Friday to pick up that award, and she files this report.
We were going to Skype her in tonight to talk about this, but unfortunately due to connection
issues and just the fact that Dark Sakura is also really, really tired, she just sent
this over to me over text messenger, so I'm going to read this to you guys right now,
her little report from LA.
She says,
The drive to LA was a pain in the arse.
I've had a nasty cold and it's proceeded to get worse during the trip.
The next day was spent on homework and a two-hour drive to Ontario from Anaheim.
An hour of that was spent on the five alone.
Her friend Julie, Kasumi19, went with me on the adventure.
We arrived and met up with Frank of The Overnightscape, a podcast out of New Jersey.
He's a big gamer too, apparently, so we sat with him during the ceremony.
We also met someone from madpod.com sat with us too.
The issue when we tried to get in was that we didn't have badges.
I said, we're Orange Lounge Radio, we won an award.
They said, ìWill you be here tomorrow?î She said, ìNo.î And they said, ìFine, just
go in.î
Julie and her Dark Sakura helped themselves to the free food and they sat there mesmerized
by Adam Curry, who apparently was standing just a foot away from their table.
And I remember when I talked to Jamie on the phone, she didnít shut up about Adam Curryís
hair, so I thought it was funny.
And she would also like to say, ìFor the record, he still looks fabulous.î Anyway,
they let the first three awards winners talk, one being Mr. Curry himself, and then the
People's Choice winners went up, had pics taken, and got shooed off.
We have a $25 Visa gift card and plastic trophy, pictures of which will be on the site soon.
Woohoo!
$25!
That's a higher budget than we've ever had for this show.
I thought we won some web design package or blog design.
I have no idea.
Did they chip us?
Did they jack our prize?
I don't care.
Whatever.
It's not a big deal.
Uh, anyway, DarkStalker continues.
After that, I mostly hung around talking to Frank and was interviewed for his podcast,
so I feel inclined to give his, uh, podcast a plug.
TheOvernightScape.
www.TheOvernightScape.com
He's awesome and his podcast was one of the nominees in the political social talk, I believe.
Very cool guy.
At any rate, that's it for me.
I do have one bit of advice for the column tonight.
Don't try to park on a hill in Julian, California,
because it is friggin' impossible,
and never trust directions.
Ever.
get a map! That from our very own DarkSakura who will be back next week and
you know one more time and then we'll shut up about this awards thing just a
big thank you to all our fans out there we also want to say thank you to the
other nominees in the category because we were up against some awesome indie
talent in the video gaming category so we want to say congratulations as well
to the guys over at DreamStation.cc,
Yankadank over at Gamers RadioCast,
Industry Insider Gaming Steve and his podcast over there,
as well as RPG MP3,
world's largest dungeon audio review because they do awesome jobs on their
podcasts as well.
We are all independent and this is probably the only year where the nominees
are going to read like that because I bet you next year
with all the built-in audience that some of those corporate podcasts have, not to knock
on the corporate podcasts, you know, they're doing a good thing for the
community, 1UP and GameSpot and all them, but, you know, probably us indies are gonna
have a harder time standing out next year, so, guys, we're gonna have to enjoy this
while it lasts.
So, congratulations to you guys as well for being nominated.
But you know, how much Mountain Dew do you think it takes to get through the world's
largest dungeon?
That's what I'm curious about.
I don't know, but they have that new energy drink now, so...
That's true.
And who was it, someone that we knew, it was a 48 hours, oh, VX, oh yeah, was that by 48
Yeah, 48 hours with that stuff.
I'm sure they drink a lot of that.
I tease, because I love.
Alright, moving on.
This is something about Nintendo that's pissed me off for a long time.
But this plays into something you were talking about last week.
You know how I've been pissed off that Nintendo's not going to support the revolution.
Nintendo's not going to support HD with the revolution.
And as somebody who recently bought an HD TV, that kind of pissed me off.
Because I wanted to see Nintendo kind of embrace the HD technology like everyone's doing.
doing and there was kind of this they said this a long time ago but there were
rumors just very recently that they were going back on this well here's the thing
there was an interview on CNN money and they chatted with a Nintendo of America
executive VP of sales and marketing Reggie Philz I'm a and he said that what
will offer in terms of game gameplay and approachability will more than make up
for the lack of HD. And I'm thinking, shit, this just buys into what Loki said last week
about the stereoscopic 3D. It all makes sense. They can't do it on an HD TV, that's why they're
not going to support it. Because then it goes on to say that when you have the HD support,
you have really long loading times as well. And I kind of noticed that Halo kind of seems
to load a little longer than it used to. I don't know, maybe it's just I'm insane, but
it seems to have a slightly longer load time. I don't mind waiting a little bit longer for
pretty games, but maybe this all buys into what you're- we'll find out!
We'll find out early December.
I think it'll be cool.
We'll see.
Loki, what do you have for us tonight?
Um, a couple things.
First thing will be kind of... let's see here.
My favorite topic of discussion is how hackers have broken the PSP.
And Sony's really having trouble with their copy protection stuff this week, you know,
the whole CDDRM rootkit thing that they put out there and how not only is Microsoft pissed
off at them and also California as a state is suing them and now the government's coming
after them.
Well, on top of all that, people have found a way to exploit the version 2.5 firmware.
Sony, it's just not your day.
It's just not your day today.
It's just never going to happen.
Listen, Sony, you've got to understand...
Don't launch the PS3 right away.
You might want to wait a little bit on that because you're not having good luck right
now.
You got to understand there's never ever going to be a way to fully 100% get the PSP to be
able to not run homebrew.
It's never going to happen.
They seriously should just give up.
I guess they have a moral responsibility to be patching this stuff, but honestly.
Okay, well no downgrade has been released yet, but there's been a new exploit that's
that's been put out there, where they've actually found a way to create a TIFF file to cause
a buffer overflow the same way that they did it with version 2.0 firmware to be able to
break it and run their own code.
The other thing that's actually happened, and it was reported on psp3d.com I believe,
they actually had a version of that exploit that they converted into a save file.
So basically you load the save file either in a game or just in their save file browser
thing there to actually be able to launch this.
And there's a boot bin file where you can launch your own code.
So in theory this should work to be able to run a down grader later on or something to
that effect.
Of course a new firmware update is expected and I believe the new thing that they're adding
with the new firmware is going to be e-book reader. I actually saw the story on this.
Okay, that's cool.
Be interesting. I think it's kind of pointless. Maybe a web browser with, I don't know, Java
support would be nice.
So that's that. The other thing that was kind of cool is they were showing some screenshots
of the Gradius collection that's going to be coming out.
That's exciting. That's definitely a PSP game I got to pick up.
So it's going to be nice, they showed both the pan and scan version of the old games
and then the widescreen version, which is kind of neat.
Very exciting.
Yeah.
Alright, let's go over to our mailbag and read a couple of emails that have come in
to us this week.
If you want to email us, togo at orangeloungeradio.com is the place to send those emails, togo at
orangeloungeradio.com.
And we might read your letter on the air, just like we're going to read these folks.
email comes to us from the goo the self-proclaimed DDR King of
Charlottesville Virginia well bow down to the DDR King hey guys love the
podcast helps to make my workday fly by like I am high on drugs now I know you
are all addicted to the Bahmani games as much as me and here is where you can
flaunt your geekness and help me out all at the same time dance dance documentary
Where or where do I find it? Help-a-honkey-out.
You know, I googled it. I couldn't find it. I have no idea where you can get this movie.
I was interviewed for some movie that they were doing on DDR, and I don't know if this is the same one or not.
I think it was, and it never came to be.
No, if you go to Internet Movie Database, you can actually see dance dance documentary on Internet Movie Database.
and this is what I really want to talk about sorry buddy I don't know where you
can get this movie because I have I cannot find a website where they are
selling this movie but I was drawn to this entry on internet movie database
because it actually has like a full entry here in a review and it's like
what's going on does it show your name is one of the actors no but it shows
other people that we know very well like Mel B and some of the other people in
the community they're all listed here and they have internet movie database
entries how cool is that like you could click on Mel here and get to his whole
page, almost like he's a card-carrying member of the Screen Actors Guild now or something.
That's kind of, I don't know, that cracked me up, as a long-time member of the Bomani
community, this cracked me up.
You know, and this, a lot of this was filmed at the Cyberbeat Nation tourney, which was
this huge tournament years ago, and you and I were both there, so we might be in the background
of this movie somewhere, if nothing else, but no internet movie database page for us
yet.
We'll see.
of, you know, Orange Lunch Radio either. Very, very disappointing.
That's alright. What kind of a documentary do you think it is if you don't get
all sides of the topic? We didn't have a podcast at the time, because this came
out in 2004, so we didn't have a podcast that time, so nobody cared then.
Oh, okay. Even though we've been doing this for, you know, what, three and a half years?
Let's go on to another email. We had another email.
It's our buddy, Dekeman, saying, hi, I'm back from Canada
Have just finished catching up on the last month or so worth of shows
I heard you guys read out some release lists for the US and the UK but nothing for Australia
So he sent us a link and you know checking out the frapper. You know we were plugging the frapper last week
I didn't realize like every freaking podcast out there has a frapper because like now this week
I'm looking at other sites and like put yourself on the frapper put yourself on the frapper
I'm like oh wow we apparently jumped on this bag bandwagon real way late, but it's still cool
So put yourself on the front for orange lounge, but looking at the frapper. We have some pins in Australia
So we got to recognize our Aussie fan base. I don't like about the frappers
I can't actually put myself where I live and said it's just city
You don't want them to come to your house
You know, you might have some you might have some very angry Mac owners and in the groove players that would come
You know bring in. Yeah, whatever. Anyway, here's some things that are coming out in
Australia I'm just gonna kind of read through this list real quickly here
18th of November, NBA 2006 and NHL 2006
coming out 24th November, Matrix Path of Neo
also same day Soul Calibur 3
coming out on 25th November, Shadow the Hedgehog and the Capcom Classics collection
and then we go into the December, we have 1st of December
you guys are getting WWE SmackDown vs. Raw
which honestly I never really got into the wrestling games
but I know some folks are into them so whatever
Prince of Persia 3 Two Thrones on 8th of December, now that'll be pretty cool.
Sega Classics Collection, you guys are finally getting on 10th of December.
And then on into 2006, you guys will be getting Oz, which I don't even think we're getting here.
You guys are getting that on 28th of February, so feel lucky about that one.
And then on March 13th, you guys are getting Godfather.
Of course, that all being on the PlayStation 2.
You want to go to some other systems.
Over in Australia, you guys are getting King Kong for the Xbox on 17th of November.
Half-Life 2 on 21st of November, and if you go to some other systems such as the GameCube,
Pokemon XD this week on 15th of November, and Fire Emblem Path of Radiance on 1st of
December, and over on the DS you guys are getting Burnout Legends on the 12th of December,
and Phoenix Wright, Ace Attorney, 28th of February.
I like how sometimes they get games before us, like King Kong isn't here until the week
of the 21st.
first. Mm-hmm. Just interesting the way it works out sometimes. Yeah. So there
you go. Can't say we don't love you guys down in Australia, so there you go. One
other mail I wanted to read for you guys here. This one is coming from Edmund, and
Edmund wanted to send us something about the Video Games Live, and you know, we
were kind of, we were kind of, you know, dogging on Video Games Live a little bit.
He wanted to send a positive review about Video Games Live, because unlike us,
he actually got to go to the show in Vancouver, so he wants to share what was
going on. He said the show was great, great sound, great lighting. The
production values were great. Each piece was accompanied by game footage. It was
an incredible combination. The show started with what they called classic
arcade medley. This segment started with the primitive beeps and boops from games
like Pong, Space Invaders, and Defender, and then transitioned into the games
with some sorts of music in it like Donkey Kong. Okay, good, that doesn't sound
as hokey as I thought that was gonna be, so I'm really glad that that is kind of,
you know, was the way they opened. That sounds cool. Lastly, they played music
from the classics with true orchestration like Dragon's Lair and Outrun.
They proceeded to play music from games like Metal Gear Solid, Zelda,
God of War, Beyond Good and Evil, Castlevania, Myst, Warcraft, Advent Rising,
Halo, etc. The show was an astounding orchestral experience.
I believe that both gamers and non-gamers would enjoy it equally. It's too bad that they had
to cancel most of their shows. So, a positive review
of the show coming to us from Edmond.
Again, if you want to send us an email,
togoatorangeloungeradio.com is the place to send it,
and we hope we'll be reading your email
on a future podcast.
For now, back to the news.
Loki, what do you got for us?
Okay, the other things I was gonna be mentioning.
There's a ton of stuff, of course,
of the 360 launch going on.
Some things I have that I found really funny.
The first one being, of course,
the golden tickets that are beginning.
The golden ticket, the green golden tickets.
The golden tickets are being given out at Walmart.
I think those are just hilarious.
Apparently, this is one of those things.
They're going to be handling their first come, first serve
type line thing.
But you get a ticket.
What's great about the thing, though,
is the tickets are a little bit confusing.
They are for the opposite of the colored box
that they're supposed to be.
So the green tickets are for the white box,
and the white tickets are for the green.
Oh, that won't cause any confusion at all.
Actually, no, I take that back.
I'm sorry.
They're for the same boxes.
However, their little form tells them
which ones which, the white box is going to be the $2.99 and the green box being $3.99
of course for all those who are pre-ordering those, those are completely opposite.
So some people hopefully will be getting their systems for $100 less than they would have
to be paying, which I think is quite funny.
The other thing which is interesting, and this is completely on a different subject
here. Actually, same subject, Xbox 360 Zero Hours, an event that's been going on in the
Mojave Desert.
Oh yeah, I wanted to see if we could go to that, but real work calls. We'll be able to
do it.
In order to get a ticket, they were doing this Blitz thing on Thursday actually, where
you would have, I believe there's like 12 sites participating, all the major gaming
and for basically they're giving out
what do you mean all the major gaming sites we weren't in on it yeah we don't
have an actual huge budget like they do okay
they only have $25 now remember oh I'm sorry you have a $25 budget now
no anyways so they were giving out I believe each site was giving out about
360 tickets
and then the rest of them were going to be randomly
drawn actually on Monday
so we'll find out who gets to go. 3,000 people including VIPs
which will be contest winners from the Origin website
and of course the Hex 168 site will be going there and you'll be
greeted with 48 hours of pure gaming fun
and celebrities. So it's like Burning Man with more games and less nudity?
Yeah. Okay. And celebrities who really have no point being there
Also, it's like the E3 booth.
Yeah, and you also get to buy your Xbox 360
a whole couple hours earlier than everybody else.
Big misconception. They're not going to be handing you one out the door. You get to buy it.
Will they be forcing you to take two games with it?
Well, it is the Best Buy booth, so possibly.
But yeah, that's going to be...
This just leads into what I was talking about at the beginning of the cast, why I'm not doing this.
Why I'm just not going to do it anymore.
Well, here's why. It makes sense when you find out why
they're trying to force games on you. In order to
be able to have Xboxes at launch, you have to promise Microsoft you're going to do
ten million dollars in business by the end of the year.
Or else what?
Or else what? They're going to slap you on the wrist?
What, you're going to give a severe penalty to a big
company like Best Buy? Crap, if I were a company like that, I'd pull your crap off
my shelves. Good luck selling your damn system under these rules.
Okay, I'm just some gaming fan with a little podcast, maybe I don't understand the bigger scope of things, so I'm sure I'll get emails on that, but whatever.
You have to understand, they don't care. They don't care. You're nobody to them.
Yeah, I know.
It's my money, dammit! I should be somebody. The customer is always right.
Anywho, in other news, I will file an error. It was bound to happen sooner or later.
Nintendo is talking about possibly redesigning the DS, a la the, you know...
Oh, so I can buy it again?
Yeah!
Oh, just like how there's like 50 different Game Boys out there I could buy?
Exactly.
Oh, what a shock!
So, yeah, Reggie feels, I may drop the hint that the DS may be due for a redesign.
Basically, yeah, it's not a surprise.
They're gonna make it sleeker, I guess, and smaller and yadda yadda yadda yadda.
Not a big surprise.
Yeah. Alright, I got a story over here. NCSoft, you know NCSoft, they make
Guild Wars.
NCSoft is saying that they are going to be
working on a console game. Chief Executive
Tack Jin Kim mentioned that they were developing for the next generation
consoles, but
they're not saying exactly what they're doing, but if you think about it, well,
they do MMOs,
so that would seem like the most logical thing they're gonna put out
but who knows anything is possible and I would think if they're gonna put out an
MMO
Xbox 360 is probably gonna be where they gravitate to but who knows
anything's possible at this juncture but we do know NCSoft will be developing something
I thought I'd want you to support Guild Wars to the console I bet a lot of
people might get a kick out of that but what do I know? Again
I'm just I'm just some guy. For those people who like to play games on their
computer
that they shouldn't be playing shame shame shame the emulators
yeah anyways I'm so there's gonna be a there was a long-awaited mod
that takes a legends although the ocarina of time and updates the graphics
with high-res textures well it's finally out folks
I'm course you will need me on the raw man
emulator to play it anyways I'm you can definitely find this link at a four
color
rebellion dot com and that's I won the
posts that they put on there from
today actually
November 13th
So that's kind of interesting. I personally didn't get to play Ocarina of Time, even though I had the disc for the Gamecube, you know the
Here's the weird thing. I I understand the Ocarina of Time is a
treasured game that you know when you ask people
What is your favorite game of all time Ocarina of Time like almost always comes near the top of the list
I did not get as into this Zelda as I and I I'm in some category by myself sometimes
I feel like I did not get into it
and I don't know if it's the 3d thing that really just threw me that I never was able to get over but I
Just keep going back to the Super Nintendo Zelda
You know and how freaking wonderful that game was linked to the past and just to me nothing compares to that
I don't even know if this new Zelda will compare to link link to the past to me, but
at the same time the new
Zelda looks very, very sexy, so maybe all will be forgiven, but we'll see.
It'll be interesting. Anything else, Loki?
Yeah, a couple more things. First, of course, the game I've been
watching closely, Project Gotham Raised in 3, I actually watched, they had this
twenty-five minute video discussing, like, all the
details that went into the graphics, the physics, and everything, and the game looks
amazing.
But, apparently, it might not truly be high def.
Big freaking whoop. But, apparently,
There was a test version of the game that was shipped out to a reviewer and they actually did a screen cap of it straight from the machine.
Anyways, dumping the graphic buffer or something like that.
And it's 1024x600 instead of 1024x720. Big friggin' whoop.
So it's not the exact same detail.
The game looks amazing though, but of course there's controversy with the whole system launching soon.
Is it not really high def? Ooh, are they lying? Yeah, whatever.
Do the first generation games ever push the limits of the system? No.
Not a shock.
In other news, Marvel has signed, or actually I should say,
Activision has signed a deal with Marvel extending their partnership
for another 12 years or so.
Basically allowing them to make games until 2017
using the licenses of Marvel and it's going to be exclusive with them so you'll see
wonderful games such as more Spider-Man and more X-Men games coming out. Not to
say that they don't do bad games because the Ultimate Spider-Man... I heard very
good things about that Spider-Man game, I didn't tell you myself. And X-Men Legends 2 was supposed to be pretty good too.
See, X-Men Legends 1 disappointed the hell out of me. I was not a big fan of it, but I have heard that 2 is much better, so we'll see.
is much better because you don't have to unlock multiplayer. That was retarded.
I remember when we got that game we were just like, oh yeah, let's play multi...
Oh, wait, we can't.
Uh, speaking of Activision, I just wanted to drop this out there. Quake 4 is going
to be a 360 launch title. It is coming out in time.
You know, and with all the news about all these games getting pushed back, I suppose it would be
refreshing for a change if you're an Xbox 360 fan
to hear that Quake 4 will be dropping at launch. It was going to be dropping at launch.
that was originally the case it was supposed to be on the 21st I heard now
it's gonna be the 18th it is the 18th I just wanted to say that it has been
confirmed by the studio it is happening eight player support over Xbox Live just
an FYI that's really cool and it also has been reported that doa4 is actually
pushed back to December now see now that was that was the game I was looking
forward to more than any other but for the now before we all jump the gun here
It was only pushed back a week.
It's December 1st.
Oh, okay.
That's not a big deal.
Big whoop.
I mean, it's like, oh no, I've got to wait seven days.
That's not such a big deal.
But again, another reason why I do not need to be waiting out at line at six o'clock in
the morning on next Tuesday.
So I mean, and I've heard actually, I've heard other things seeing that it was, they're dropping
it on the 18th also, which was very strange.
I've been hearing mixed rumors on that, but I guess we'll find out in a few weeks, like
next week.
I mean, one's going to be coming out.
So, big deal. There's tons of stuff, and I can wait seven days for a game. I mean, you're
gonna be picking up launch games anyways. You don't need to have six games at launch.
Well, I do, but, you know, that's just me, so...
I'll still be playing Mario Kart DS for the next three weeks, hopefully.
Oh, hell yes. I have to dominate the rankings for that.
Good luck. Good luck. There are some sick, sick, sick Nintendo fanboys that will beat
you up really bad online, and some of them are probably listening and can't wait to kick
your ass that's perfectly fine it's on anything else I've only got one last
story so Loki it's up to you you know I really don't have too much else other
than yeah it's been all week long has been just stupid drama with you know the
360 launch and that's basically been it it's been you know the whole rumors oh
you know why why are they short shipping us why is this and that so all will be
answered very soon it's still gonna be all drama this entire week is you know
basically it but um yeah that's that's pretty much what I've got you know just
that stuff quake 3 for the pocket PC you know but who owns a pocket PC you know
compliance so who really wants to play quake 3 on a pocket PC anyway so well
who wants to run Linux on a DS but they do it anyway so okay it does make
homebrew and in the story of you know it's really been a slow news week
People have been reporting on numerous websites when you pop in cameo in your Xbox
It says put in Xbox 360 dumbass, you know, not really but you know
It basically says this has been to be played on it
So that's what people do with their games that they buy before the console is out. I wondered why people did that
Okay, always answered. Thank you all other things, you know from you know instruction manuals being online for the 360
I mean people are just dying to get anything, you know, I'm sick of the hype. I'm sorry
I'm not trying to be anti Xbox here, but I am sick of the hype
You know if you want the damn system or not by now have fun if you do
Have fun waiting if you don't or whatever. I'm just yeah, I'm done. I
Got one more story good one last story for tonight. This is really last story
You're gonna surprise me with something else here. Loki possibly
alright
Keita Takahashi, who created Katamari Damacy and the sequel, gave an interview with the
BBC this week and said that he probably doesn't really want to be doing gaming for the rest
of his life.
He's actually imagining developing a playground for children, so he's not really into doing
video games for the rest of his life, but I'm just reminded of how Kojima always says
he's not going to do another Metal Gear Solid and then, you know, the next year.
Oh!
Just kidding!
Here's another one!
I don't know.
I think we should be forcing him to stay on video games because I'm kind of afraid to
see what kind of playground equipment he's going to come up with.
God damn, I mean, we don't actually need a physical Katamari out there.
That's scary.
Alright.
That's it.
That's all from me.
Anything else?
Any last minute stories, Logie?
I got nothing.
It's going to be more of the same next week, I'm sure.
More games, more fun, more drama.
Can't wait.
We got a fun month ahead.
The next six weeks are going to be a blast because we got the holiday season.
Oh, it's going to be insane.
You know what?
I actually signed on to Final Fantasy XI to update it, and that's about it.
I looked at the date that I last played it.
Five months ago.
I've been paying...
And you've been paying, let's see, five times.
How much do you pay him on?
$12.95 or do you have another character?
I have another character.
Alright, so you paid $13.99 on the $14, and you paid $70 for nothing.
I'm sure the fiancé is very pleased.
Whatever.
You know, I really don't care.
I will play.
I will play by the end of this month.
Mark my words.
I'll play World of Warcraft yesterday.
I just don't have time.
I gotta play, I have like certain games I have to play during the week, I have to play
like everything comes out.
No, you poor thing.
Having to play video games.
I have Ninja Turtles, and I haven't played that yet.
Well, maybe we'll hear a review on that next week.
For now, that's the show, we're pushing an hour, we're done.
That's it for tonight's show. Next week, we'll have Minnie head on the show, we're gonna ask him questions, it'll be a good time.
Final thoughts, Loki?
I hope Mario Kart DS is gonna friggin' rock.
You know, that's my exact same final thought is, Mario Kart DS, please,
dear Nintendo, please
do not screw up your online
capabilities. But I have faith it's going to work. I think it's going to be an exciting
era for the DS.
And Animal Crossing DS in a few weeks after that.
That's right. All right. Thank you so much for listening to and supporting Orange Lounge
Radio. You remember if you like us, please check out our website, www.orangelaungeradio.com
and check out the forums, which are getting more and more active. We're loving that. We
got some great people, some just intelligent, intelligent posters. Love it. Keep it up with
the forums over there. And of course, tell a friend, because that's really the way the
the word gets out about us because you know we're independent and that's how
folks are gonna find out about us is if you tell them so spread the word and
until next week have a good one that's the end of another orange lounge radio
to-go edition this podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com
See you next update!
