Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of November 7th, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition.
Your podcast calls for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
Hello, everybody. Once again, you're tuned in to Orange Lounge Radio To Go.
It's the podcast dedicated to video games that don't suck,
But sometimes we have to talk about a few games that do suck, only to tell you to stay far, far away from them.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me, as always, actually back from a little vacation, is Dark Sakura.
Not really a vacation thing, it's how I was working my ass off during all that time.
Well, okay, but a vacation from the show. Did you miss us?
My aim's improving.
That's what I thought you'd say. Now, ironically enough, even though you're out past two weeks, you're not going to be here next week.
yeah cuz I'm gonna be at the podcast awards yes and thank you so much to our
listening base who gave us an excuse to go really so um Dark Sakura is gonna be
representing us at the podcast awards so have fun I'm looking forward to that bar
and I mean the award say say hi to all the them famous people that podcast for
me I hope I get to meet Adam Curry's hair I mean Adam Curry be awesome he's
fabulous I know he sees he's the man I hate to keep bringing up his hair but I
really am just enamored with it how could you not if you if you watched MTV
in the 80s how could you not when I was old enough to appreciate boys I was
enamored of him I have to say all right also joining us someone who's still not
old enough to appreciate boys it's a Loki huh bad joke forget it what's up
not much I'm in one of those moods tonight as I mentioned on the
live 3 hour program that's on orange slouch radio how you doing how was your
week
Logie my week was good I killed lots of my boss and
other people at the same time sounds good well tonight we got a fun program for you
guys
we got a lot of interesting news a brand new movie is being made
out of a video game we're definitely going to talk about that we're going to talk about some
upcoming Nintendo DS releases
not just Mario Kart DS and all that stuff but looking into first quarter next year
and on tonight's program we have an interview
which should be very interesting we actually have a follow-up to a story we
talked about a couple weeks ago
gonna be a good good show so we're gonna start off tonight though
as we always like to start off Orange Lounge Radio To Go by talking about
our gaming week and what we've been up to so DarkSakura why don't you start us off
um seeing as how school and
everything has been kicking my butt I did however get Guitar Hero
on Friday
Been playing the crap out of it. I love that game
I was actually it's more or less me playing more than I feel and on repeat because I love that song
Yeah, it wasn't until I played it on your TV that I ever started missing more than one note in a row. Oh gee
Sorry, well, it's kind of standing up and looking down and have this killer of a headache, but
I'm sorry. It's all perspective
I think I would have done better had I been sitting down but you have to sort of stand and rock out with that guitar
you know and then um uh really it's been you know it's hard for me to get to my
TV because Dan's been going on a Star Wars kick lately as playing the battle
front 2 game no he's freaking watching episode 3 and then went back and watch
the others oh that kind of powers kick I hear you know this is bad acting coming
out of hating Christians, and I'm like, oh! No! So, George Lucas owes me $30.
Alright. Loki, how was your gaming week?
My week was good. I actually was playing more PSP stuff than anything, which is pretty interesting.
Complete opposite of before. What I've been playing lately has been Grand Theft Auto,
and what it is is we've got four copies in the office at work, and the four of us go
down every break, twice a day, and do four player deathmatch. And lately it's been pretty
good. My boss has been getting a lot better, but I kicked the crap out of all of them the
other day with my Janet Reno character who's a kickass sharpshooter with a rocket launcher.
So I'm pretty deadly with that thing. And it's funny seeing Janet Reno run around with
a chainsaw and murder people, but you know, don't underestimate old women. Awesome. Now
has the multiplayer kind of increased your perception of the game? Because I remember
last week you didn't really give it that great a review. You said it was kind of okay.
It was okay. The multiplayer is really fun. The only thing though is I'm not really interested
in the other multiplayer modes like the capture the flag and stuff. I think with the amount of
players that supports, which is only six, it's not very enticing. It's just something that I think
would be better with more players. But four player deathmatch is just really fun. The other game I
was actually trying out today was Star Wars Battlefront 2 for the PSP. Now I haven't played
the console version of the Star Wars Battlefront 2 yet, so I can't really compare the two,
but it did seem pretty plain to me. The levels remind me of stuff that might have been on
say the Playstation, like the original Playstation stuff. But other than that it was pretty fun.
I did have trouble seeing some of the characters because they kind of blended into the background
so that kind of sucked, but the space battles and stuff were pretty fun and I was just kind
of reminded me of some of the older games for the Playstation 1 though, I can't remember
the title off the top of my head, but really fun game and of course been playing War Warriors.
That game's really cool, it just keeps getting better every level I play, so really awesome
game and I didn't get a chance to play Shadow Colossus like I hoped, but hopefully gonna
pick up Guitar Hero this week, and yeah.
All right
Now I was promising last week on the podcast that I would actually be giving a review of the Taito
Collection that was recently released for Xbox
However, I'm tabling that yet another week because I bought a game this week that kind of took up most of my game time
And that was Guitar Hero. I know all three of us have mentioned now, but I really did I picked up Guitar Hero
It's awesome. It's a great music game
It's like fuse guitar freaks the Konami Guitar Freaks game if you've ever played it fuse that with
amplitude frequency and it's really what you've got here except you know it's not
really a guitar freaks clone it really does improve I think on that in fact it
doesn't really seem inspired by guitar freaks as much as it does it seem
inspired by frequency and amplitude and to some extent karaoke revolution as
well because harmonics developed that game as well so I think those you guys
that are kind of missing frequency and amplitude in those games you're gonna
really enjoy Guitar Hero. It's pretty much the same idea with the ISO notes
kind of falling down and great song list, freeze pops back, a lot of unsigned bands,
great cover songs in this game. They're not the actual songs
but they sound so much like them it's very hard to tell the difference.
Harmonix did an outstanding job on this game. Red Octane put together a very good
controller for the game. The controller is solid. It's even got a whammy bar
people. It's got a whammy bar. What more do I need to say? It's a great game, I hope
there's a sequel. Even if you're not that into music games, I think Guitar Hero is
something very accessible. What I like about Guitar Hero, what I really like is
the art direction. The artwork is outstanding, the way the game is put
together is great, but where I think Guitar Hero really shines is it's not put
together like most of Konami's Bamani games, where you walk up, play your game,
leave. What I like about Guitar Hero is it's got that little story mode that
kind of you know it's got it makes all these little extras so much fun like
getting to see your review of how you did in the paper and having the you know
blow up and the guitar you know spinning around when you're doing a really good
job and just setting it on setting it on fire when you're done setting it on fire
when you're done and all that stuff that it's just amazing the way they have it
all put together is great so I highly recommend Guitar Hero if you're a music
game fan if you're not a music game fan I do still recommend you check it out at
it's one of the more accessible games and I'm definitely looking forward to
Guitar Hero 2, which I think would be a given at this point because I did not
just spend $70 on game and controller for there to only be this one game, okay?
All right, now since it's been a little while since Dark Sakura has been able to
be on the program, we have to start off tonight because she's got a little
catch-up to do and you know that you missed it. It's the one and only
advice column because you guys, if we stayed home and played video games all
all day long. We'd have no time to go out and set guitars on fire.
Rock. So, um, DarkSakura, why don't you tell us
what your advice column is all about tonight?
Today's piece of advice
is how to escape from the trunk of a car.
If you are, first of all, if you're dumb enough to get stuck in the trunk of a car
you shouldn't have my mercy, but let's go ahead and be nice anyway.
Number one, if you are in a trunk that is up against the back seat of a car, try to get the seats down.
Number two, if the trunk has a cable release, pull on it to release the latch.
Should I think any car built after, what was it, 86 was it?
No idea.
It's required by law to have, basically if you buy any new car, it's going to have a latch in it.
It's required by law.
Number 3. Look for tools to pry the latch open. Many cars have emergency kits under the spare tire. Use a screwdriver or crowbar to open the latch.
Or, as in Beeps and Bowhead Do America, a jack.
That was funny.
4. Dismantle the car's brake lights by yanking wires and kicking the lights out. Then wave and yell and signal to passersby or other cars.
But my final piece of advice?
Yes.
Just don't get stuck in the trunk, God.
Don't make friends who are in the mafia.
Yeah, don't make friends who are in the mafia.
Don't try to sneak people into drive-throughs and all that stuff.
Oh God.
Or not drive-throughs, drive-ins.
I remember though.
Drive-throughs are a little different.
What was it?
Smiggle 2?
Yes, Sunnyvale Golf Land DR.
Right, where we do lanky style in the backseat of Iguan, in the trunk of Iguanagirl's car.
So we could all make it over to Lion's, I remember that now, the restaurant.
Hilarious.
I've never seen paleness of that nature outside of the goth scene.
You've never seen paleness of that nature, hmm?
Outside of the goth scene.
Okay.
All right, anyway, let's move on and get into some stories tonight, what's going on in the
gaming world.
Starting off tonight, I thought we would bring this up.
It's very interesting because on last week's show we were talking about how the video games
live tour got canceled?
Not even a week later, here it is, an announcement going out that Play, a video game symphony
which is being put together by JMP Productions, who is the team behind Dear Friends Music
from Final Fantasy, they are going to go on a worldwide tour.
It's going to kick off in North America sometime in the year 2006 and it's going to have music
from Battlefield 1942, World of Warcraft, Final Fantasy, The Elder Scrolls 3, and much
much more.
The maestro will be Arnie Roth, who I believe was the man at More Friends, I might be getting
that wrong, I don't know, but it should be very interesting, the folks that put together
Dear Friends are going to be doing this too.
So what do you think, do you think this will be successful, where Video Games Live was
not so successful, where it got cancelled, or what?
they have the experience of at least putting on a show like this so we know that they're
capable of it and it shouldn't be that much.
To Video Games Live credit, they did do the Hollywood Bowl show, which was successful.
But they have pulled off a successful tour at least around the United States and Japan
and stuff.
So, I think, Shin being different than a More Friends concert with different music, that's
about it.
I mean, it's not really anything different that they have to pull off, so yeah, sure,
why not.
Dark Sakura, is this a concert that sounds like something you'd want to go to? Maybe get a little culture with your game?
Well, I listen to real classical music, but I don't know that it'd be worth the ticket unless they actually put stuff that people actually play.
Well, lots of people play World of Warcraft and Final Fantasy.
Well, that's not World of Warcraft and Final Fantasy, I'm talking about...
It's not anything I have any interest in, maybe if it was like console games.
well okay that's I guess that's true cuz most of those games we named off there
were PC games but you got to assume that there's gonna be some console in there
too I mean Final Fantasy console but we've seen that before maybe maybe
everything you've named off are MMOs okay okay well not Battlefield 1942 oh yeah
Battlefield 1942 that's true but that's still very it's kind of more known as a
PC title I think all the scrolls is an MMO it's not an MMO but it's yeah yeah
They're all PC games or at least we we need a console series like that
So as long as it's an expansive eclectic
But not like where they're including pong and Donkey Kong or whatever that other whatever that are you doing the other tour is promising
Pong had no music in it. Well, I think that'd be no remix. Oh
With beeping it. Oh, I'm sorry
Alright. Yes. No. Alright, but how about how about some music from katamari?
Would that sell the ticket if they put Katamari Damacy music in there?
Maybe.
That'd be weird, but okay.
It'd be awesome.
Alright, we're going to go into another story here, and this has to do, you know we love
to talk about video games being made into movies, just because this happened so much
this year, honestly, we've had a lot of gaming news.
Well, the next one out the gate looks like it's going to be Castlevania.
That's right, Crystal Sky Pictures has picked up the rights to adapt Castlevania
and attached to direct Paul W.S. Anderson.
Paul W.S. Anderson is the man behind Resident Evil and Mortal Kombat,
which were pretty decent video game adaptations.
Granted, better than Alone in the Dark, certainly.
But let's not forget he also did Alien vs. Predator.
So, what can you do?
Anyway, so we don't know much about the story just yet.
More information to come on this, but what do you guys think?
I remember we do this segment on the live show called Listless
where we make our top three list of things that should happen within the
video game community I know we did one time we did video game we would most
like to see a movie made out of and I seem to remember Castlevania being in
the top three so is this a good idea or a bad idea I did have to do it right I
would be very skeptical what what what do you think they could do to help this
this along.
Well not screw up the content hopefully keep true to the game and make sure that the publishers
of the game had creative control over it.
That would be my guess is make sure that they are definitely keeping tabs on what's going
on with the game so it stays true to the storyline and content and everything like that.
Okay, what we're going to do now is I promised a little earlier in the show is that we were
going to talk a little bit about a follow-up to something we talked about a couple weeks
ago.
I don't know if you guys heard about this.
Did you guys hear about the King's Quest IX fan project that was going on?
Now you know the King's Quest series was developed by Sierra years and years ago, right?
Of course you remember the old King's Quest games.
I know my favorite is the King's Quest IV, the one that kind of seemed very inspired
by a lot of different fairy tales.
Well the series actually ended with King's Quest VIII and what happened is that Vivendi
actually bought Sierra and decided to discontinue making King's Quest games because they felt
there wasn't enough demand for these adventure series anymore.
So they stopped making the games.
Well the fan community, and there's quite a community out there for the King's Quest
games, wasn't happy with that answer.
So there's some folks that got together and decided they were going to make a fan game.
But as we reported on the show a couple of weeks ago, Vivendi actually issued a cease
and desist against the company that was coming together to make this King's Quest IX game.
So we have on the show tonight an interview with some of the people that are involved
with the King's Quest IX project, one of them being somebody who is trying to save the King's
Quest IX game and somebody close with the King's Quest IX production team.
So I've got here with me Matt from the Save King's Quest IX project.
Thank you very much for being on the show here today, Matt.
Thank you for having me.
No problem.
So how did you discover the King's Quest IX project?
You know, it's been so many years now, I don't really remember.
How long has the King's Quest IX project been going on?
I believe it's been going on for about four years.
For about four years, wow.
So it's been a long-time project in the making.
Absolutely.
So what was your reaction to the news that Vivendi had issued the cease and desist against
the project?
I think like a lot of fans, disappointment, you know, sadness and disappointment.
So why then did you end up starting the SaveKQIX.org website?
Well because I was disappointed and because I knew there were a lot of fans that were
disappointed.
I just wanted to try to do something to help, wanted to do something to try to help convince
the Vendi to take a look at this and see if there was a way that the game could be released.
Now I noticed when I was looking at the website that you guys are kind of taking a unique
approach to trying to kind of petition Vivendi, so to speak, to take a second look at what
theyíre doing here and most people would use like a petition online type website for
these sorts of drives, but you guys are advising a letter writing campaign.
Why did you decide to do the letter writing as opposed to petition online?
Well, weíre actually doing a number of things.
One, weíre doing the email writing and then weíre also doing the letter writing.
The email thing, the reason we're going with email rather than a petition was because we
wanted to make sure that when people emailed, it was coming from a legitimate email address.
On an online petition, you can just type in whatever email address you want, so it isn't
necessarily legitimate.
And then the letter writing campaign, we want as many people as possible to take the time
to sit down and write a letter, drop it in the mail, because really those letters mean
the most to corporations like Vivendi.
What would be the ideal outcome of this Save King's Quest 9 drive?
What do you envision as a realistic possibility for the masses to be able to play the game?
Our goal is for the game to be released.
Whether it's released as freeware or whether it's released as a legitimate commercial release
by Vivendi, we don't really care.
We just want the game to be out there for gamers to play it.
How big would you say is the community behind this, because I noticed that the King's Quest
community out there is still very large and very active, and part of the reason Vivendi
has sort of said they're not going to continue the series in the past is because they don't
think they have the support, but it seems to me that there's a very large following
out there.
How big would you say is the King's Quest following out there?
It's hard to give a specific number, but I do believe that there is enough support out there that a commercial release of a King's Quest IX would do well.
I mean, adventure games in general are still being released.
You know, Fahrenheit just came out, The Longest Journey is releasing a sequel, Siberia had two games that sold very well.
So I think there still is a pretty good adventure game community out there, but it's hard to
put an exact number on it.
How would you feel if Vivendi took all this information to see that there was a drive
to have the King's Quest series reignited, and then they decided to put out their own
game, as opposed to what these fans have been working on?
Is that something you would support, or would that be...
So, we really would like to see this particular King's Quest game be released.
But yeah, we would certainly support Vivendi if they decided they wanted to do their own
King's Quest game.
So you would prefer to see this game released?
I would like to see this game released.
I'd love to see them allow this game to come out as a fan game, and then they can release
their own official version of King's Quest IX.
All right, so I know we have a lot of PC gaming fans that listen to this program, so how can
they help?
I know we've talked about writing letters, visiting the website, savekqix.org.
How can our listeners best help you guys out if they remember the King's Quest games and
would love to see a new entry in the series?
The best thing they can do to help is go visit the website, www.savekqix.org.
On the website, we talk about all the different things that they can do to help.
The big thing we're focusing on is sending an email to Vivendi, and we make that very
easy to do on our website.
You can also blog about us.
You can write a letter to Vivendi like we already talked about, send emails out to all
your friends about us, just help us spread the word.
That's the other really important thing that we need people to do.
All right, so we hope our listeners can help you guys get the word out there.
All right, thanks, Matt, so much for being on the show today.
We appreciate it.
Thank you.
We also decided to contact Cesar, and Cesar is involved with the King's Quest IX project
itself.
Thank you so much for being on the show today, Cesar.
Thank you very much for having me in your show.
We know that's happening on King's Quest IX right now.
I'm pretty busy right now, but I can't stop the opportunity to be on the show.
We appreciate you taking the time out to help us out with the show.
What is your role with the King's Quest IX project, for those who may not know?
I'm basically the project director and I'm also the main designer.
I basically take the responsibility of having everything going smoothly and handing the
assignment to all the people.
I also wrote a script that came out to be more than 50 hundred pages.
It's a really long script.
Wow, that's a huge script.
Could you tell us a little bit about what the story is about?
Does it continue the King's Quest series or is it a new direction or could you tell
us a little bit about the story?
It's a little bit of both.
We want to give some kind of closure to the King's Quest series, but it also takes a
new direction in the sense that it's a much more darker story.
We want to create something more for this time.
When you see stories like Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings and all that kind of stories
that take a much more darker plot.
We wanted to take the beginning to that direction,
but you can actually say that it's between King's Quest
and Lord of the Rings.
Of the story, it basically starts
when in the middle of the celebration
in the Green Isles, a lot of stuff happens,
and a direct disturbance falls into the land.
And King Graham sets out to find a way to reverse the spell.
As he does that, he finds out that thereís a lot more involved.
Itís about a property that has been taking place for a thousand years and there are societies
involved in this.
Itís a really complicated and long story.
With 1,500 pages, I canít imagine.
With all that work, having gone into it with the script and your entire team of programmers
and art and just everything that goes into this.
Is it tough having spent all these hours and then having Vivendi come in and issue this
cease and desist?
I mean what was your guys' reaction to this news?
Well, all this time we knew that it could happen and we were kind of ready for that
to happen and as Phoenix Online Studios we weren't going to stop working as a company
Even if we had to change all the stuff that we had into something new, what we wanted
to do was try to get Kings vs. Knights to happen commercially.
In the case that that didn't happen, we had a plan B where we basically could create
our own game with everything that we had until that point.
Of course, we would have to change a lot of the stuff that we had, but it's doable.
I was kind of curious about that when we first talked about this story when it kind of hit
the news a couple of weeks ago.
Some of us had joked that they could take King's Quest and make it Queen's Journey
or something by changing all the art and stuff.
Is that a realistic plan B?
Well, I wouldn't say that because Queen's Journey is definitely a good joke.
Well, I know.
It's a silly name, but the same idea behind just changing the names and things that may
relate to the King's Quest story and just kind of changing it so that this game could
come out as its own series?
Right.
But we will basically have to strip it off from a lot of stuff that it has, because we
used a lot of the backstory of King's Quest.
Like I say, we wanted to bring a closure to the series, so if we were to make it a regional
game, we would have to work a lot on it.
But it's doable.
I mean, it's not impossible.
Now, I'm sure you're aware of this savekqix.org website where they're trying to get people
to send letters to Vivendi to save this project.
Are you willing to talk to Vivendi one-on-one, sit down at the table and try to work this
out?
We're basically already talking to Vivendi, but that's about all I can say at the moment
because we are under a constitutional agreement, so there's not much I can say about that.
the Safe King Quest 9 side and all the clients that are trying to help out, I really appreciate
their support.
I want to take the time to thank them because everything that they've been doing has been
working out.
I want to ask them if they're going to do it, be really nice to them because they're
actually being nice to us.
No letters sending over to them like saying, �You bastards are shutting down the project!�
No, be professional.
Be professional.
That is what you are going to say, and that is because Bivendi has owned those rights
and they are on their right to protect them, and they have seen the work that we have been
doing in King's Quest and now they are talking to us, but what is going to happen, I don't
know.
We'll just have to wait and see.
Thank you so much for being on the show today, Cesar, and best of luck to you and your company,
whether it be a King's Quest IX release or releasing this game as something else in the
future.
I hope it's successful, and best of luck to you guys.
Thank you very much, and thank you very much for having me in the show.
Not a problem.
It was very interesting to hear from Cesar and Matt, both involved in different capacities,
the community around the King's Quest games and what I think is really interesting about
this whole thing is that there is a really solid community behind these King's Quest
games and I think, you know, at least me, my personal thoughts on King's Quest is like
it was one of those games I always appreciated and I thought was so much fun and I always
kind of wonder, gee, I wonder what ever happened to King's Quest, why did they stop making
King's Quest games?
I don't know, is it just me that's feeling that way or, I don't know.
Why haven't they made most of the Sierra games? I mean a lot of them have disappeared just
I don't know, like Space Quest, Police Quest
The only one I can think of that came out was Leisure Suit Larry but that was kind of
not the same thing at all and a god I hope
I hope that if Avendi continues King's Quest it doesn't
I hope they stick to what made King's Quest work and the formula that was good for the game
but best of luck to these guys definitely so
It's really neat to see the community come together like that, you know, no matter what community in game, what sub-community of the gaming culture it is.
I just agree that the email should be kept constructive.
Absolutely. You could do damaging stuff to this if you don't keep your emails professional, keep it professional.
And we hope some of our listeners will choose to help these folks out.
I think I'm going to write a letter myself because I would like to see this happen.
least I want to see the King's Quest franchise continue you know in some way
and I hope I hope these guys get their way anyway moving on one to bring up
another story and it has to do with the Simpsons you know the TV show the
Simpsons you know they've had all these games come out you know in the few years
and they've been kind of a none of them have been that great really except maybe
Simpsons hit and run but even that was kind of a well things are going to
change because Electronic Arts just recently signed a deal with 20th Century
Fox and Gracie Films which is going to give now EA the rights to produce the
future Simpsons games so now you know EA is behind a lot of powerhouse games
they are going to be creating the Simpsons games now so what do you think
good news for the Simpsons bad news for the Simpsons I don't play Simpsons games
what can only wait and see can't be that bad I suppose but I don't know it's
It's really, I can't really make distinction based on that because, who knows.
But I would like to see less parodies of existing games, because that's kind of what the EA
franchise, or I mean not EA, the Simpsons franchise seems to have been built on the
past couple games as parodies of existing, I kind of want to see less of that in something
original like a Simpsons game.
I don't know.
Do you remember Bart's Nightmare on the Super Nintendo?
I actually own that game, anyway, forget it.
Some more details coming out this week on the brand new Super Mario Brothers.
This is a game coming out for the Nintendo DS.
It's going to have wireless two-player action as well as mini-games for up to four players,
and this is all coming out in the latest issue of Famitsu Magazine.
Will it also include a playable copy of Mario Brothers, like every other Mario Brothers
game that it released on advance?
Oh yeah.
I don't know, although I can't see how it couldn't have it, but maybe they could make
a touch element in here I don't know so this is going to be a versus mode that
will be two players and you can't do four players in the versus mode that's
only for the minigames so this new Super Mario Brothers is going to use 3d
graphics but it's like a side-scrolling game which I think is a great direction
for the series I think it's a little weird it's coming out on DS and not an
actual system because I remember the first time I played the Mario level
inside Super Smash Brothers Melee I was like damn they
should make a game out of this this looks great and it plays wonderful
I don't know so but it sounds like maybe they're kind of heading in this
direction a little bit with the new Super Mario Brothers so I am kind of
excited Loki what do you got for us tonight well not too much did want to
mention though there was a press release put out by 2k games the people behind
Elder Scrolls 4 unfortunately it looks like the Elder Scrolls 4 has been pushed
back to the next fiscal year 4, take 2, that would mean somewhere around, I don't know,
next year.
Unfortunately, after February, I believe the date I saw was like April or something.
Very sad, because that was one of the games I was looking forward to.
The other thing about the 360 is it's been rumored and actually kind of starting to look
like it might actually be true now is Microsoft is purposefully shortening the allocations
that each one of these stores is going to get to basically increase demand by having
them sell out. I'm very disappointed that that's happening, but on our live show actually
we found out there are some places that you can find 360s if you haven't ordered one yet
or really need to get one on launch day. One of the places being Toys R Us is actually
doing pre-orders on them, you have to do a bundle, but it's with a couple games, but
I mean everyone's going to be picking up a couple games anyways.
And also stores like Target and Best Buy are going to be opening up at six in the morning.
Best Buy rumored to have a larger allocation than most other stores because supposedly
Bill Gates is going to be pimping the 360 in the Manhattan Best Buy.
You know, I played one of those Xbox 360 kiosks at Best Buy over the week, and I don't know.
I don't know if I feel the need to get one of these on launch day anymore, I think it
just might be too much hype for me.
I don't think the games...
I don't know.
It's hard to say because it was only a couple games and I didn't get to play them very long,
but I'm feeling a little iffy on this.
I don't know if this is one of those like have to have on launch day things.
I don't really feel like putting up with all this shortage crap to get one right away.
I don't know.
I don't know how I feel about it now.
Well, I've already got mine ordered, so...
I'm hoping, I've got to check with them tomorrow because I'm going to go in and buy some more
stuff to see if I'm actually getting it on launch day or not because it, I don't know,
it's iffy.
And I'm going to be very disappointed if I don't because I did pre-order mine way in
advance and I've heard people that pre-ordered it back in June when they didn't even have
two SKUs available and even they aren't getting one on launch.
But then again, that was an employee so things are going to get ugly.
Things are going to get ugly, and you know, I'm kind of hoping, you know, that if this
all pans out, you know, like it is where there's tons of shortages, all we need is another
company like Sony or Nintendo to go, hey, guess what?
Our system's coming out in a few months here, you know, pick one up if you're pissed off
with this stuff, you know, we're going to have better games anyways or something.
It'll be interesting, we'll see.
All right, anyway, let's go over to Dark Sakura and see what news she has for us tonight.
First of all, the new images for Silent Hill, the movie, have been posted on IGN.
Ooh, there's another movie.
We've said this on many previous episodes.
Very excited about the Silent Hill movie.
It's uh, yeah, it looks like Silent Hill.
It's very, very Silent Hill.
I mean, the outfits, just, it's really hard for me to really explain it unless you go
and look at the images and it looks like it's right from the game.
you sure that they're not pictures of Silent Hill 5 on the PlayStation 3 no
because PlayStation 3 doesn't look at that realistic all right but these are
good shots very good also for our European listeners I have some news
about the DS Wi-Fi connection hotspots mmm 7500 actually says over 7500 Wi-Fi
connection hotspots will be active in the UK from November 25th when Mario
cart DS launches there. It's actually the surface is going to be rolling out of
the rest of Europe at that time. Places included McDonald's, Coffee Republic,
Hilton, Ramada Jarvis Hotels, Road Chef, Welcome Break, First Great Western
Railway Station, over 25 student unions and city center, BT payphones, airports,
football stadiums, British Library, Canary Wharf. Where can't you go to get on?
All over the place.
All over the place.
All over the place.
What about McDonald's?
Because, you know, that was big news here.
I said that was the first thing I listed.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I missed that.
Sorry.
But there's a, it was basically a, if our UK listeners want to see a little bit more
on that, if you go to www.thecloud.net or www.btopenzone.com, there's some Wi-Fi hotspot
maps there games also that another one mentioned that's available for the plan
that of course is Tony Hawk's American skate land which will be released over
there on November 18th speaking of release dates I have release dates cool
I'm sorry I you know missed the other week that's all right of course a
twisted metal head-on came out xenosaga episode 2 came out coming out on the
11th, we are looking at Zook Tycoon 2, Battleground Europe, Bubble Bobble Revolution, Cold War,
Crime Life, Gang Wars, Gun, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, Legion Arena on PC, Lost
in Blue on DS, Super Mario Superstar Baseball, Nano Stray, Sly 3, The Incredibles, The Matrix
Path of Neo, WWE Smackdown vs Raw 2006.
There's a lot, a lot of games coming out soon.
Good stuff.
Kind of on the same vein, I actually was pulled up a calendar that shows what Nintendo's got
planned for the first quarter and next year, and there's some really exciting titles coming
out.
Electroplankton is out on January 9th, True Swing Golf out January 23rd, and Super Princess
Peach, also.
Looking forward to that.
Yeah, it should be very interesting.
It's kind of a girl power type game, but as long as it's not done cheesy, it should be,
has the potential to be really good. I mean, I know a lot of people that will pick Peach
in Mario Party, just to dominate.
Just to point out a few more of the notables coming out this month, uh, Dr. Mario and Tetris
Attack on the Game Boy Advance on the 25th, Soul Calibur 3 on the 18th, Sonic Rush on
the 18th, Pokemon XD Gale of Darkness on the 18th, and Namco Museum Battle Collection.
Also coming out of Half-Life 2 on Xbox.
I was going to say that the, oh damn I just lost it.
Yeah well I know those are the UK dates.
The thing is, I was going to say, I saw a ton of big games kind of this week, especially
The Matrix and stuff. I was surprised to see that they're getting the
SmackDown vs. Raw before us, which is kind of neat.
I didn't think wrestling was as big of a deal anywhere else but here.
I know. News to me. It's interesting. Actually I found another notable
Shadow the Hedgehog on the 25th.
The other thing I was going to mention though, is Electroplankton I heard is only going to be available online or in the Nintendo Manhattan store.
So, you're not going to be able to find it in your local retailer.
I have heard that same thing, that it's only going to be available online, which is a very strange way to sell the game.
I don't know if they're trying to make a collector's item out of it or what, but we'll see.
I know I'm gonna pick it up. I'm definitely interested in electroplankton.
Looks like a fun game. So, anyway, Dark Sakura, looks like
you've got to run and go save the
save the planet from invaders or something right now, so.
Or at least save myself from
an F in Dreamweaver class.
Well, your final thought for our listeners tonight, Dark Sakura?
Do your homework. Do it early in the week.
Alright, moving on, I want to talk about the PSP, because I just talked a few minutes ago
about the DS games coming out first quarter, well here's something that's going to be coming
out for the PSP in not too long, it's going to be a Gradius collection, it's coming out
on February 9th, and it's Gradius Portable, it's a compilation of Gradius 1-4 and Gradius
Gaiden.
It's going to be coming out, it's a straight port of the previous games, but they're going
to be adding a few bonus features as well and also you can stretch to the
widescreen otherwise you can just play in its original aspect ratio so the game
doesn't look all stretched but you can you have the choice to do it either way
I thought it wasn't actually stretched I thought there were new versions of the
game available there were in the widescreen mode um I Oh grottius one and
two will have the widescreen mode so well grottius one and two will the other
ones not so much. Now here's the biggest thing that's going to come with this, a save feature.
So no more getting all the way to level 6 and losing all your lives in the end. You
know what's kind of interesting about that? No Salamander or Life Force as it is.
No Wi-Fi 2 player either.
Yeah, too bad. Maybe for the sequel, maybe that's what they're holding out on, who knows.
Loki, what else you got for us?
Well, speaking of the PSP, the PSP2TV, I believe,
was launched this week, or I should
say is launching this week.
They have had a few videos coming out
showing how to install this thing.
And oh my god, this is not for your average user of a PSP.
You have to literally disassemble the entire thing,
rip the guts out, put new guts back in, and you're done.
And it's just not pretty.
But if you are out there and you want to spend $120 to pick this thing up, it does look pretty
cool.
The graphics don't look that bad, but damn, it's definitely voiding the warranty on this
thing.
You have to have an electronics degree to be able to put this together.
Well, you know, it's actually all screws and no actually soldering or anything like that,
but you are unhooking some ribbon cables and stuff that are very, very delicate and it's
not for your average consumer to be able to do this stuff. Now granted, if you do want
to have some TV support and you're not willing to break open your PSP, there are some other
options coming out. One being, it's kind of like this thing that sticks over the entire
screen and basically captures the video from the image. I'm not going to say that that's
going to be probably that great of a picture, but you know, that's another option out there
for you. The other thing which is interesting is there's a company working on mod chips
right now they're supposed to be released in a few weeks here for the PSP
the first and they're going to be sold on eBay starting off in the price on
those supposed to be about 25 bucks so that would be interesting to check out
and supposedly it will allow homebrew that we run on any version of the PSP
now on the same note as homebrew running on any version PSP there's this brand
new software coming out called PSP advanced and it's basically a video
software, kind of very similar to iTunes where you can play any, most video formats and most
audio formats.
The thing that's interesting about this though is it's going to run on any version firmware
and they're saying that it might be on a UMD or something like that, but there's also a
part that's on your memory stick.
Yeah, that's going to be exploited to run any homebrew, that's what's going to happen.
So pretty soon, firmware might not be an issue anymore of running home, Bruce.
Very interesting.
Very interesting.
Usually throughout the Orange Launch Radio To Go show, we would open up the mailbag and
go to what you guys have to say.
Unfortunately, our internet in the studio is down right now, so we're unable to access
our mailbag.
Isn't that convenient?
So we're going to have to table that to next week.
However, if you have some emails you want to send us, togo, T-O-G-O, at orangelaunchradio.com
is the address you want to use and we definitely always like to hear what you guys have to
say and Dark Sakura is always in there looking at the email back.
I've actually started helping her out recently too so I go in there sometimes as well because
there's just so many of you guys with so many nice things to say so keep them coming.
We like getting emails.
Doesn't everybody?
So we usually try to send one back because we know people like getting emails.
All right, what else you got, Loki?
Well, the other things I was going to talk about, more of kind of the rumor control stuff.
Someone was saying, or actually they were rumored to have a, that Microsoft was thinking
about doing an Xbox portable, I don't think that's going to happen anytime soon.
So anyways, beyond that, this kind of ties in with some portable stuff, it's really interesting.
There's this UK site, Britishgaming.co.uk, they posted an article about a Resident Evil
game.
It's basically an online game that's made to look like one of those old Game & Watch
games, which is kind of interesting.
With the little LCD games, or whatever, the burn-in pictures, okay.
And supposedly it's a mini-game promotion where you control Leon and you try to knife
50 or more chainsaw-wielding maniacs, which look like little heads with a stick.
So it's kind of interesting.
You can find that at BritishGaming.co.uk.
Will it have the same bad voice acting as the first game had?
I don't know about that, but...
It sounds like it's based off RE4, so I guess not.
Yeah, probably not.
The other things, there's been tons of pictures, especially with the Xbox lounge in Japan,
of new face plates coming out for the 360.
I'm going to be the first to say that face plates for the 360 is the most retarded idea
I've ever seen.
I don't get it myself, but at the same time, well the Game Boy Micro, I don't really get
that either with the whole face plate customization.
It seems to be this interesting trend, but okay, whatever, it may not be for me, but
some people are into this whole customize, you know if people customize their car, they
might want to customize their console.
Exactly.
I don't know.
Well, if you're into faceplates, you can definitely pick some up for your most, you know, consumer
hoarded products.
For example, Star Wars Episode III, they've got three different faceplates that will be
available.
These are official.
These are official, and they're, like most faceplates, they're going to be about fourteen
nights.
But all that, see, I don't know if I dig those, because the only one that's kind of cool is
that first one in the picture where it's them dueling in the lava from episode 3, but the
other ones, like the one that looks inspired by the classic Star Wars films, all the controller
ports and stuff are running through the people's faces, so you can't even really see clearly
what it is.
You're like, I think, is black rain coming down on the Star Wars cast?
Because it's hard to see.
I don't know.
Whatever.
So they have World of Worlds themed stuff, Adidas, MTV's G-Spot, just a bunch of weird
shit.
That's all going to be available at some point. I'm sure you'll see these in your
major retail stores. I think I'll stick with the standard white
faceplate. No, I like the idea of faceplates, like they showed a Project Off from Racing 3 one.
Maybe included with like a special edition of the game. That might be something cool to
give away, but
I'm not going to spend $15 to buy something when, especially
if I'm going to buy a faceplate, it's going to be a blank one that I can design myself.
And you know there's going to be a website. You know there's a Star Wars nut out there that can't wait to
spend the $15 on this.
Well, these are the same people who buy those Star Wars themed Alienware PCs because they
have the Star Wars stuff on the side.
Anyways, moving on from there.
The other thing is this week actually, Newsweek interviewed Miyamoto talking about what we
can look forward to seeing in the revolution and where he sees gaming kind of going from
there.
Both comments that he made though was saying that he always envisioned that the console
games would break out of the on a screen type of thing and basically fill up an entire room.
You made a very interesting blog post about this, so you kind of came to a conclusion
from this, huh?
Well, I'm not the only one that's come to this conclusion.
It's basically that one of the things was that Show West this year, they were showing
off the brand new 3D technology.
Which is a movie convention, not a game convention, a movie house convention.
Movie house convention.
It's going to be, they're pushing, this is going to be the next format of theaters.
This is what's going to drive people back into theaters.
It's going to be these stereoscopic 3D movies.
Everything you see is going to be 3D.
Well, Robert Rodriguez and Peter Jackson, all of them, were saying, I believe it was
Robert Rodriguez that commented saying that you're going to be seeing these in the theaters
the next coming years, but one game company has beat us to it, to the market, but you
know, you're going to see these things rolling out of the theaters soon.
Well from what I can tell so far, Xbox obviously is not going to have anything for it, Sony
doesn't have anything for it, they've also demoed something on the GameCube that was
at E3 a couple years ago showing a stereoscopic 3D plug-in for it, what do you think is going
to be?
So that combined with Miyamoto's comment about, you know, off the screen.
And he says that he wants it to basically take up the entire room.
And you think about that controller, which is a very 3D controller, and he said, this
is all I can say about this at this time.
To me, I think one of these things that they're going to announce, and I honestly think that
everything about the revolution hasn't been said yet, I know that they've got stuff up
their sleeves that they haven't said yet because everyone's really excited about it.
I think that stereoscopic 3D as you know a standard for the system I think is going to
be possible.
Now one of the things that they threw out someone was suggesting was a portable projection
screen that would do stereoscopic 3D without glasses which I don't know if that can be
pulled off.
As long as it's not something that's hoarded in all the games because that can make you
very sick from doing something like that for too long.
It's got to be something that's only once in a while you know.
I don't know, like minigames or something, because I don't know, I would think that that
would make you sick, unless they found a way for the body to get adjusted to the 3D more.
But again, I guess if I had the time to sit through Captain EO when I was a kid, which
is similar in a way, I would have the time for a game.
But I think though, I mean, Nintendo's known for gimmicky stuff, now granted this is not
really gimmicky, this is like the next stage in what, you know, cinema and stuff is going
to happen, and you know...
One step closer to a holodeck, really.
seriously and I would think a 3D mouse or a 3D controller like that, it makes sense.
It's just, you know, I'd be really surprised if they didn't do this and this really is
making sense that this is the direction it's going to go and I think we're going to find
out more once they've come up with these press conferences talking about it because this
right here, once the Playstation 3 comes out and all that stuff, this is really going to
set them apart. Whether their specs may not be as powerful as the other systems, it's
It's not going to matter anymore, they're going to be in their own category, they're
just going to be set apart from everybody else.
Which would be revolutionary.
And I think it would put them back on, you know, in the lead basically.
Interesting theories, we'll see if any of them come true.
Anything else for us tonight, Loki?
Well that's pretty much, you know, what I've got is all the important stuff I hit up on.
This month is going to be really crazy as far as games coming out, it's really a doozy.
Especially with next week, the week of the 14th, there's way too much stuff coming out,
way too much stuff, and then you've got the 360 launch, it's got to be a busy month.
Well, it's that time of year when we're getting into Christmas and stuff, so not a surprise.
Oh, and the other thing is Advent Children, it's supposed to be on the 10th, date's still
to be announced now, again, that thing keeps getting pushed back further and further.
Because they have to think of a way to get people to buy the UMD or DVD now because everybody's
pirated it off the internet not everybody but you know they definitely
took a hit by that getting leaked out and everything so they need of course
they shouldn't have released it in one place way before they released it in
another I don't know maybe that's just me anyway I'm just a couple more stories
for you guys tonight I want to talk about Metal Gear acid 2 now you know in
the previous Metal Gear games there's usually been some type of like fan based
competition for instance you could be a dog tag in Metal Gear Solid 2 or there
was like a camouflage design competition that they did for Metal Gear Solid 3, well now
what they're doing is a card creation competition for Metal Gear Acid 2. So if you think you
have a name for a card, an image file, a card type and card information, and something that
goes around the Metal Gear and Kojima theme, now it can't be a crossover, like you can't
have a DDR card or something from another Konami game, no Goemon or anything. And it
has to be something realistic that would actually work in the game.
Check out some of the various gaming websites, because they're running competitions.
Also check out Konami's site to design cards for Metal Gear Acid 2, and some of them are
going to turn up in the final game, so those of you creative folks might want to go check
that out.
That is pretty awesome.
I'm also glad to see that they're actually going to be bringing a Metal Gear Solid type
game to the PSP.
It's not going to be just the smell of your acid anymore, which is nice.
Alright, now last story for you guys tonight.
This is kind of interesting.
Usually we end with a funny story, but this is not a funny story.
This is just kind of one of those gaming culture stories.
There was actually in China, this is something that was being reported on Yahoo News China,
there was a character in World of Warcraft, well not really a character because it was
a human that was playing this of course.
name of the character was Snowly. This person died after playing World of
Warcraft for several days straight during a national holiday. Well, they had
an online funeral service to basically commemorate the week anniversary of this
person passing away and what's very interesting is if you look at the screen
capture it's very solemn. It just shows all these characters kind of sitting and
it kind of looks like they're all bowing their heads and they're all in these
very neat lines so it's kind of I don't know it's very sad to see so but it was
it's just very interesting to see the community coming together like that to
honor somebody who is playing among them but it also just goes to show please
please game in moderation especially with these MMOs you know play for an
hour but then take a good 10-minute break go outside get some air lift some
weights, do something. It doesn't always have to be 100% about the games. It can
be 90% about the games, you know. And finally, where would we be in a
podcast without mentioning Jack Thompson? Oh, just when I thought it was over.
Okay, so what's going on is there's a homicide case that's actually, you know,
of course with a kid and, you know, they're using the Grand Theft Auto as
saying that's the thing.
Well, one of the parts that the defense has actually
kind of turned the tables on is they're
questioning Jack Thompson's ability
to practice law in this state.
And they're actually questioning his character now.
And so Jack Thompson's, in a sense,
going to be put on trial, which should be interesting.
They're actually going to try to get him barred.
I think it's from, I want to say it's from Georgia,
from practicing law in Georgia.
I know this is really sophomoric, but only one word comes to mind right now.
So it's interesting, but sooner or later they're going to find out this guy's a quack.
All right, that's going to do it for another edition of Orange Lounge Radio To Go.
Check out our website, by the way, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
We look forward to seeing what you guys have to say on the forums.
And also, our forums did this this week, which I think is very interesting.
We're trying to put together this map to see where all the Orange Lounge radio listeners
live.
It's a frapper map.
So check that out.
That's on our forums.
It's F-R-A-P-P-E-R, I think.
I can't tell because our internet is down right now.
It's recording.
Yeah.
So check that out or on our forums.
Of course, the link is there.
So check that out and plot yourself on the map and show us what regional areas we should
be covering more.
And also this week, I believe, Jamie's going to the podcast awards.
Yes.
that a little early in the show she won't be here next week because the
podcast awards but she'll be having fun I'm very envious oh well but you know
thanks to everybody out there who you know voted for us and then loved us it
was nice yeah that's it final thoughts Loki we're gonna be on the news on
Tuesday and I hope that we you are I'm gonna be on the news on Tuesday I hope
they don't catch me saying something retarded and I know I know that they've
got me saying something stupid like it's so much fun or it's I know I know you're
gonna give me a call that day to laugh at me so sure they'll be on a later show
check that there's more on the forums on that if you're curious about what's
going on with all that Loki and Dark Sakura being on the local news my final
thought is I need zinc and vitamin C because I think I'm coming down with a
cold and it's time to end this show because it's just making me sicker I get
to be sick. Thank you guys very much for listening and supporting Orange Lounge Radio. We appreciate
it. Have a great week. We'll see you next time on the Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition.
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To Go edition. This podcast is a proud
part of www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next update!
