Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition, week of November 21st, 2005.
You're tuned in to the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition,
your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat.
Now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Logan.
Hello, everybody. Once again, welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio To Go,
that podcast dedicated to what you gamers really want to know about.
And you know we like to talk about video games that don't suck on this show
Although sometimes we will talk about games that do suck, but only to tell you to stay far far away avoid like the plague
Say hello to oh my name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as sky
I should introduce myself, and then I'll introduce the co-host we have over there sitting next to me Loki. Yes
I'm here all right and joining us on skype line tonight. Say hello to dark Sakura. Hi. How are you doing?
I know what happened. Did you did you catch something from Adam curry at the podcast Awards or what happened?
No, I was already sick when I was there
Apparently I had a cold turned into a sinus infection
LA made it worse and now I have a pretty nasty case of bronchitis
This it's like God doesn't want you to be on this show or something. I don't know what the hell's going on Darcy
Sakura it happens every every time this year I tend to get some type of
respiratory illness but last year I didn't get it and I think it was just
because I lost all that weight the year before mm-hmm and this year it's like
hi you remember me I'm back let's give you pneumonia now it's just a healthy me
for pneumonia it's just a healthy la air well real quick how was the podcast
awards it was we weren't there for very long Julie went with me I said you know
she's a helps us out sometimes oh yeah and if I actually let me real quick let
me say there are a lot of folks behind the scenes that help us out with a lot
of things that sometimes don't get their due credit especially Jason oh my god
we'd be dead in the water without Jason so thank you to Jason and Julie and Jess
over at DDR freak and just everybody who helps us out behind the scenes and
doesn't get their credit sometimes so anyway Julie kept my road rage down to a
minimum on the trip which there was plenty of that hmm that was your words
themselves the ceremony itself it was sort of like let's give it everybody on
stage give him the thing get off only the people who win the big prizes get to
talk and I got to see Adam Curry who looks a lot more handsome now than he
did in his MTV days all right all right met some cool people I met Frank from
the overnight scape mm-hmm I haven't had a chance yet to check out his podcast
is basically I came back to homework yeah right yeah actually I came back to
homework and then getting sick again so I went to the doctor soon I got back so
leading into our next topic how was your gaming week I imagine you probably
haven't gotten a lot of gaming done actually I can say that the last weekend
was pretty much taken up by a fantasy store online all right for the Xbox
there was a lot of that going around are there still a lot of people on there
apparently so yeah but uh the guy that we stayed with he was busy playing that
and then Julie was showing him blue burst so we had some blue burst going on
cool it's kind of glad I didn't uninstall it off my laptop because they
used that version and actually the theme for my house has been a need for speed
underground most wanted which looks kind of pretty I'm reserving my judgment for
the Xbox 360 version when it's out it's but you know right now on it just looks
kind of and it's got lots of prettiness going on and lots of destructiveness
going on but I've kind of had my fill of watching that game unfortunately a 360
versions only a port so it's only a little bit better and I hear that
they've got some really bad loading like choppiness in it so hmm I guess that I'm
gonna reserve my judgment for actually seeing it we'll see all right um so is
that all you pretty much have your gaming week yeah that's pretty much it
I've had this copy of Mario Kart DS sitting on my computer desk now for a
week you got to open that thing soon it's awesome it's open it's sitting
there just hasn't been in my DS yet gets get some use out of that this
Thanksgiving it's great all right Loki how was your gaming week my week was
filled with Shadow Colossus, which is fun. Haven't really gotten anything.
Haven't you beaten that yet?
No, I haven't really been playing it.
Mainly Mario Kart DS. I've been pounding out, trying to get Rob unlocked.
I have to beat the entire game for that.
Not me, Rob, but Rob the Robot.
Rob the Robot, yeah. And it's pretty cool, and the online stuff is pretty fun.
It does take a little time to get people to play online, especially if you're trying to find your friends online.
Because I wish they had a way to kind of like aim or something like that where you can see who's online on your friends list or something like that.
But they don't have that so oh well. Or like some sort of lobby system where they have like a chat room or something. That'd be cool.
Other than that, not too much. I've been just checking out a lot of videos of the 360 stuff coming out. I bought two 360 games.
So I technically played AMP 3 and Call of Duty 2, I played the Let's Unwrap the Shrink Wrap and Look at the Manual and that was it.
You're crazy. Why did you do that? Just because you wanted to get in on this hype?
No, because I'm getting the system when it comes out.
But that might not be until January at this point.
I don't think so. I really don't.
You're still convinced you're getting it Tuesday, huh?
I'm not sure if I'm getting it Tuesday, but I know I'm not getting it after Christmas like they say.
Yeah, it seems like I don't believe that they're gonna be that long
I mean cuz what's the big deal the if you you know?
Hype this system up as the big thing for Christmas and you don't ship anymore. That's kind of retarded. Yeah, I agree
Huh
Yeah, but you see you have that lucky thing of being very close with a GameStop employee that can manage to get you one, right?
Yeah
Yeah, that's my actually I had something else about my gaming week. Oh, what's that?
My extreme amounts of giddiness after finding out that Kingdom Hearts 2 is having a Tron
Thing. Oh, I know we talked about that briefly on last week's show. That's amazing
Also the new trailer show Steamboat Willie's gonna be another level that's in that as well as Leelo and stitch
yep I saw that actually I am I knew that because they had it at the e3 demo so
it's gonna you've got stitch there but I also played a good bit of it at e3 too
because I have all my pictures up the game just looks sexy that's all it is
and the it's it's out on Japanese sites there's the the demo reel for Final
Fantasy 12 which is looking pretty hot some folks here have that now because
Dragon Quest 8 I haven't gotten to check it out myself yet but I've heard it's
pretty darn good
too bad the game might be getting delayed again you know that's a rumor
going around right now that games getting delayed again surprising they
said for sure
March 2006 in Japan March and now they're saying up maybe maybe not
let's see the thing about the final fantasy games I've noticed though is
that the u.s. versions are almost always worth waiting for because they add more
stuff. Yeah a little bit. And then it gets re-released as an international version and blah blah blah blah blah.
What I'm kind of waiting for, you know, and this is really, every time I see Kingdom Hearts 2, I keep thinking, you know, back to Super Mario RPG.
That was one of the coolest things where you have Square teaming up with Nintendo to make a really kick-ass RPG. They really need to do that again.
again just with all their franchises kind of make a new RPG and make it
really cool it like Paper Mario is no excuse for an RPG this is not a sequel
to the Super Mario RPG it's a poor excuse is what it is but I don't know
that's what I'm waiting for I'll keep waiting I'm sure
alright enough fantasy Smash Brothers Final Fantasy Edition you guys look you
guys have some crazy comedy already got her gets oh that's true anyway that's
just Final Fantasy 7 no we need like like full-on Smash Brothers trial with
you know different like lock in one and radio yeah absolutely all right my
gaming week um let's see I also have been playing an awful lot of Mario Kart
DS it really is that good I haven't been into a Mario Kart game probably since
maybe the 64 really so much though the Super Nintendo one is really where the
old school this is that I love it and I love this new one for the DS you know
for some reason the GameCube one the formula was just off I didn't care for
the GameCube one and the the Game Boy one that they had previous just it
wasn't the same it really wasn't I don't know what what to say but it wasn't the
same but this one is great it it controls pretty good considering you
know it's got you know the d-pad and everything and the game runs great it's
a very simple engine it plays much like it was the old Super Nintendo one I love
I love the fact that they included the retro tracks, the wireless features are
great and the fact that it goes online
is even awesome as well. Now granted that's probably the game's strongest and
weakest points because
Nintendo's never really been online with their games before
so that for that it's a strong point because like OMG you know we got a
DS game that's finally online but at the same time, eh,
lots that could be improved with it. In fact
we're hearing at least we kinda got word this week that Nintendo is banning you
from sharing your friend code on their forums. You're not allowed on Nintendo's
forums to actually share your own friend code.
And I think the reason why they're trying to do that is they're wanting to
make sure that
people on your friends list are actually your friends. And not that they could
stop me from posting on another forum,
but I think that's very interesting that they are really, really being careful with
this online stuff. Like they don't want
to have that story in the news about, you know,
little girl meets old pervert on Nintendo game and on Animal Crossing.
Yeah, I was gonna say, well in Mario Kart, they can't really communicate anyway, so it's
like retarded.
That's why I thought it was weird, because you can't really communicate in Mario Kart
anyway, which is kind of one of its downfalls, is that you can't do anything, you can't use
the microphone to chat, you can't write, talk, or anything.
Oh my god, that would be so bad.
So I don't know, but it's just cool that it's online at all, I mean honestly, and the fact
that it runs with no lag online is incredible, there's nothing short of incredible.
the way you set up the games and the other stuff kind of around that I don't
know it feels maybe a little bit rushed so maybe it could have been polished a
little more and I'm hoping like when we get some more of these games like
Metroid Animal Crossing maybe we'll see that front end for the thing Wi-Fi be a
little better my peeve with that game is the whole battle mode I don't get it I
don't get it at all and I love the battle mode in the Super Nintendo game I
I love the battle mode in the Nintendo 64 game.
I didn't get it with GameCube.
Their battle mode was crap because their arenas were crap and I don't even think the Game
Boy Advance version had battle mode.
But it's just this one's pretty cool.
I just don't get how to blow up the other balloons.
My other minor minor bitch besides that would be maybe some of the other mechanics in the
actual racing.
It does seem like it favors, and I know that Mario Kart is supposed to do this where like
like if you're in last place you get the really good items and when you're in
first place you get the not-so-great items it seems to really favor like
last place like over first place like almost too much like it's kind of skewed
again though that's a real minor minor complaint I still highly highly
recommend Mario Kart DS I think it's a great title especially if you've loved
any of the other Mario Kart titles so I give it my highest recommendation also
what I got to play this week Dance Dance Revolution Ultra Mix 3 of course Orange
Lounge Radio started all about music video games of course I have to check
all the new ones when they come out ddr ultra mix 3 my only it's a good game
it's a solid game I do recommend it for fans of ddr for people that are just
getting into it I can only give it about a borderline recommendation because I
think ddr Ultramix 2 was better I think the formula for how they were picking
the songs was better and it's kind of one of those things was like if it ain't
broke don't fix it and Konami kind of really went crazy with some of their
song pics they have some like stuff that sounds like I don't even know I they
just have like they're trying to do
homages to these bands but does that
mean that they're good stuff to dance to
I don't know see I think they made some
really odd picks like Ray Charles and
the clash and stuff I mean although
those are great songs I don't think they
make for good DDR songs so that kind of
ruins the game for me in that aspect and
plus just the fact that the song packs
that you bought on UltraMix 2 do not
function correctly not all the songs
work right in UltraMix 3 so it's kind of
one of those you know I bought these
thinking they'd work and all the future DDRs and now they don't that kind of
sucks because it's all miss synced so that's kind of a complaint but I will
say to the game's credit Xbox Live features are marvelous the steps to all
the games are really good even those songs that aren't so great and there are
some really good songs on there as well and in fact later in the show we're
gonna be talking to one of the musicians who did some of the really good music
in UltraMix 3 we're gonna talk to Midihead a little later on in the show
but first let's get to some gaming news and I'll go ahead and let Dark Sakura
start off Dark Sakura we love Katamari and I understand you got some news about
the next in creation of Katamari actually it's called me and my Katamari I
think that's a cute name okay looking at the pictures that are online right now
the game looks actually very fabulous I mean it looks top-notch for the PSP
however the control from what I understand though is supposed to be
pretty much crappy and I can understand that without having both analog on it I
mean imagine you're going from a from a game where basically you've got two
handed control to trying to control it with one hand it's not gonna work so are
they gonna do it with the one analog and the buttons or what are they gonna do
I haven't seen too much into it however there are some good features that I
think might make up for that. Like what? Wireless play for up to four people.
Cool. You've got the prince and the cousins there's old and new. You've got
customization options, more masks, more headgear, the ability to wear them
various places a new island interface that highlights players your options in
different stages represented by animals needs in new homes there's actually the
information for it is up at katamari.namco.com okay but there's also a
photos up on this actually quite a number of photos at worth playing.com
which actually was this particular link was also emailed to us by one of our our
listeners. Awesome well thank you listener for sharing the LAist
developments on me and my Katamari. Now we know what they're
officially gonna call it here in the US because previously we just knew
my my Katamari was like the Japanese translation so it's kind of nice to hear
that you know it's it's gonna have a name here in the US that actually makes
a little more sense so that's nice to hear all right moving on I got another
story for you guys and this has to do with World of Warcraft as you know it's
released into other countries now it just recently went over into Asia other
parts of there what's interesting the game rolled out in China not that long
ago and unfortunately they've had a bit of an incident there a 13 year old
Chinese boy actually jumped to their death from a 24-story building from
playing too much World of Warcraft now that's not the new thing okay that
happened after it rolled out last year that actually happened last year this is
the new part the parents of the boy are now suing Blizzard saying they actually
got a lawyer and quote internet game addiction researcher and they are
filing the suits upon the whole game industry on behalf of parents
interesting the question is how liable should game companies be when their kids
OD on the gaming does World of Warcraft feature jumping out of buildings no I
don't know if that's what they're saying so much for some kid that jump out of a
building because he was addicted to a game okay I don't see how that works if
I'm addicted to alcohol I don't jump out of a window hmm I go drink more alcohol
okay I don't get it all right so just kind of I don't know it's it's too bad
but it's interesting to hear that the the lawsuit crazy stuff doesn't just
happen in the u.s. because that story is coming out of China so go figure Loki
you got something for us those crazy Chinese in their games they're always
killing somebody where you have something related to that no I don't I
Well, this year's Spike Awards, or their video game awards, the results have been posted
because we like to spoil everybody's stuff.
If you don't want it spoiled, turn down your volume for about a minute.
Yeah, exactly.
Anyways, game of the year, Resident Evil 4, which is interesting.
Best action game, God of War.
No surprise there.
sports title of course Tony Hawk's American Wasteland and then they have
some really strange stuff best cyber vixen of the year some chick from 007
from Russia would love one I thought was pretty cool was best soundtrack well
they have guitar hero was best soundtrack but best original score we
love katamari which is really cool but then what's kind of interesting is they
have a whole bunch of games winning awards that aren't even out yet like
Peter Jackson's King Kong the official game of the movie it's not out yet what
did it win it won um let's see here best performance by a human male
Debbie Jack Black and Peter Jackson's King Kong it also won let's see here
best cast well the game actually be out by the time this airs I'm not sure if
It comes out on Tuesday, so then yeah, it'll be out by the time this airs
I don't think this airs till like the first week of December or something so yeah
So then they have best RPG World of Warcraft best PC game World of Warcraft
Best handheld game luminous, which I thought was pretty cool well-deserved now um
Resident Evil 4 being the game of the year there. I think I could see that you know
It may not be my favorite game this year, but damn
it was a real sharp looking game really innovative and just the graphics were
amazing and I could see I could see Resident Evil 4 walking away with that
it makes more sense to me than some of the other awards that I see shows give
for game of the year sometimes so I'm okay with that what were some of the
other nominees do they list the nominees or just um I forget who else the
nominees for game of the year we also have some other best supporting male
performance Christopher Walken in true crime New York City of course and of
And of course, also best supporting female performance, also won by Tracy Lords in True
Crime New York City.
Go figure.
Alright, what were the other nominees for Game of the Year?
Game of the Year, the other nominees, we had God of War, definitely deserving, Call of
Duty 2, also very deserving game, World of Warcraft, also very deserving, and Fear, all
very good games.
See, I'm kind of surprised World of Warcraft didn't walk away with it, honestly, just with
all the people that are just sickly obsessed with that game, but Resident Evil 4, I'm not
going to say that I necessarily think World of Warcraft is a better game, but Resident
Evil 4, I can see that. That's a pretty solid list, I'll give it to them, they've got a
good list. Well, let me put it this way, it's a lot better than say, G4A. I disagree with
Resident Evil 4. Really? What would you have put? I honestly would have gone with World
of Warcraft or God of War. Why were you not so big on Resident Evil 4? Well, if you've
followed the series, it's actually such a departure from the rest of the series, that
I don't know, as a game it was great, but it wasn't Resident Evil.
But if they'd called it something else, would you have been okay with it?
Possibly, it would have been like, why we're pretending to be a zombie game without zombies,
then yeah.
All right.
Well, you heard me talking earlier in the show about DDR Ultra Mix 3, which was released
last week.
One of the biggest gambles that Konami took was in shaking up the song list with a variety
an eclectic mix of music, everything from rap, to rock, to synth, to classic Spanish
music.
They didn't neglect some of the things that worked for them in last year's DDR Ultra
Mix 2, however.
One of the songs in DDR Ultra Mix 2 that got a great reception from the fans was In My
Eyes, as remixed by Midihead.
Well, Midihead is back in this year's DDR Ultra Mix 3, with contributions to not one,
but three songs, and we're happy to welcome Midihead to the program this week to talk
about Dance Dance Revolution UltraMix III and some of his other projects. Welcome to
the show, Mini-Head!
I am sorry, I'm so sorry. I was downing some Pepsi one at the moment.
Suddenly I thought I was reintroducing Dark Sakura, because that's usually how she introduces
herself.
Oh no, you mean this has already been done?
Yeah, you two are going to have to have a contest someday. I don't know what's up with
that.
Oh geez.
Well, first thing I want to know about, you know, your song in UltraMix 2 was so well received by the fans.
How long did it take Konami to say, hey, we got to bring him back for UltraMix 3?
It took them a couple of months to see the light, man.
Just a couple of months? Do you think that's one of the reasons why you got brought back, is because the fans?
Do you think they noticed that, that the fans had such a great feedback to the last time?
It was all the fans. I don't think they would have called me back if the fans hadn't demanded the Mini-Head!
Well awesome, well congratulations, that's great to go from one song to three songs that you contributed to, that's great.
Yeah now next time, now this is a total secret of course, next time, this is for your listeners only.
Alright.
Next, for the next game it's going to be Mini-Heads Dance Dance Revolution Ultra Mix 4!
That's it. It's going to be Dance Dance Revolution Midihead mix. That's it.
I would rather dance to a mix made up completely of Midihead songs. I'll tell you what.
Some of the songs they picked for this last mix because they picked some really weird stuff.
Stop it. You're making me blush.
All right. Well, this time one of your original songs, because most people know you for your remixes,
but now one of your original tracks, Raise Your Hands, actually shows up in the game.
up in the game. Did you get to suggest this, or did Konami actually listen to your album
and pick something, or how did that happen?
Well, actually, I just sent them a CD full of stuff after I did the In My Eyes remix.
I said, you know, guys, I also have some of my own music. So they were surprised to get
it and listen to it and actually hear that I have some talent in me. They decided that
That was the song that was going in the next game.
Well, awesome.
It works really well for the game.
I don't know if you've had a chance to see it in the game yet, but the cut and everything
works really well, and the video's kind of cool, too.
Well, it should, man.
I do crunches and sit-ups to that thing.
Wait, it's crunches and sit-ups.
Actually, I don't think they put you in the video.
I think they hired some dancers to be in it.
Yeah, I'm a little too overweight for their taste.
That's all right.
So are most of the people playing the game.
Come on.
I need to get the game.
You know, that's funny.
This is what's funny is I've done all this work for Konami and I have yet to get the
game.
They haven't hooked me up with the game.
They haven't sent you a copy of the game?
They're going to make me go out and buy it, dammit.
I know people from Konami listen to this show.
Konami send him the game.
He earned it.
People.
Of course, I need an Xbox too then at that time.
They should send you all that stuff.
Here's another thing I'm curious about is that your music did so well that you're in
I don't even know if you know about this yet, but did you know that one of your songs is crossing over into a game that Konami is putting out in Japan?
Oh my goodness! You're kidding me!
No, I would hope so.
I knew, I knew.
I was going to say, I hope you got paid for it.
You guys announced it on your website.
Well, this is great. The Jelly Kiss Midi Head Smack Mix actually made its way to Beat Mania 2DX 10th style, which is coming out in Japan this month.
In fact, I think it's coming out this week, so that's amazing because that doesn't happen
very often where you have a song that started in the United States version of the My Series
and actually goes over to Japan.
I think that's only happened one other time, so you're a trendsetter.
Yeah, it was with David Hasselhoff.
Unless you worked under the name Big Idea, I'm not so sure about that.
Oh yeah, well, I'm going to be the next David Hasselhoff of Japan.
That's what's going to happen.
Good luck, that would be awesome.
How did that happen?
did they tell you they were interested in doing this? How did that all go down?
No, they don't tell me anything. Are you kidding me? They just do what they want.
As long as they send you the money. They paid me. They've paid me and
done away with me. They just, they just,
they have full right to circulate that as they please. Well, you know,
a lot of the fans were saying that you should be in Beatmania as well, and now that's
happening, so you know, they're definitely listening to the fans over on some of the boards.
That's one thing, that's one thing I've got to give to Konami Hawaii is
the fact that they do listen to their fans. And that is to be well respected. That doesn't
happen a lot in this industry.
Absolutely. So kudos to Konami for actually reading and getting a pulse for what's going
on on the message boards out there and giving us what we want, usually.
All right. Well, we're lucky enough to actually have a copy of Jelly Kiss Midi Head Smack
Mix, so we're going to go ahead and play it for you guys right now.
Alright, that was Midihead's smack mix of Jelly Kiss here on Orange Lounge Radio To
Go.
We're joined still with the remixer himself, Midihead.
A little later in the program, we'll be bringing you one of his original tunes from DDR Ultra
Mix 3, Raise Your Hands.
If you want to check out more information on Midihead's music, check out his website,
www.midihead.com.
One other thing you've actually been doing on midihead.com, for the past couple months
you put out a couple podcasts of your own that were available on your website, and they
were kind of teasing Dance Dance Revolution Ultramix 3 and kind of playing, hey, here's
Here's some of my songs that are going to be in the game.
Here's some of the other artists that are going to be in the game kind of teasing us
with what was going to be in the game.
Are you going to continue to do this even though the game's out?
Are you thinking that podcasting is something you want to keep doing?
I don't know, to be quite honest.
It's a lot of time as you know to pull those things together.
If I continue to get the feedback that I've been getting from all the fans, then I don't
really see any reason to discontinue it.
After all, we've got to give them what they want right around.
We've got to make those fans happy.
One thing I think they'd want is to keep knowing what's going on in the world of Konami with
all their games.
Do you think Konami would be good to you and let you be like their voice?
Well, it's one of those concepts that certainly we're trying out right now, and I can't tell
you how much dialogue I've had with Konami about it, but it's gone all the way up to
corporate and we've discussed the benefits of having an artist mingle a little bit more
with the fans. So in this form, it seems to be doing just fine. I just need to find the
time to do more podcasts. I think if I continue doing them at the rate that I've been doing
which is like every other month, and you know, it won't burn people out, and it won't burn
me out.
Well, we'll see what happens with that.
Good luck to you in whatever you decide to do with future podcasts.
Now, you know I gotta ask you this, because we're a video gaming related show, and I know
you said earlier in the program you haven't gotten a chance to play DDR Ultramix 3 yet,
but I'm curious, are there any other video games that you're into?
What kind of video games do you like to play?
Well, I gotta say, I have this really sick habit of firing up Urban Terror, and I know
I've mentioned that before, it's a Quake 3 mod, and I play it a little more than I really
should.
Are you looking forward to Quake 4?
Quake 4?
Yeah.
You know, Rob, I have to say that although I used to play a lot more video games in my
time, I don't find a lot of time to dive into as much first-person shooterism as I'd like
to.
It's good, though, to remind our listeners that there is a real world out there, outside
of video games, that sometimes involves work, working two or three jobs, family, and family.
Yeah, work and kids and life and house and payments, and I think I've pretty much summed
it up.
Exactly.
Enjoy youth while it lasts, kiddies.
Right.
You bet.
You better enjoy youth while it lasts.
Even though you don't get a whole lot of time to play the games, you're still working with
a lot of games, and one thing that was kind of new that we found out about a couple weeks
ago is this new game, Dance Tracks, which I guess is a new dancing game.
And in the preliminary song list that they've released, we noticed a couple of your songs
were in the song list.
How did you get involved with the Dance Tracks project?
Well, that one spawned off of the remix of In My Eyes, spawned off a phone call, and
there I am.
Should I just tell him this exciting story about how I was laying dying in my hospital
bed after knee surgery and they cut a main artery and I was bleeding to death and overcame
was it D.M. Ashira?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, he's the one that actually contacted you behind this game.
We don't know much about the game, so we're trying to figure out little bits and pieces
wherever we can, and if hospital bed, leg amputee be it, then that's all we know so
far.
Alright.
The show's getting out of control now.
Alright, well, back to a more serious story, I bet probably a year and a half ago you probably
didn't think that you would be so involved with video games as you are now.
I don't know.
Is that true?
Of course I knew I was going to be involved in video games.
Are you kidding me?
I paint my entire destiny for them.
Video games was something that I had planned on doing eventually, I just didnít know when
it was going to happen.
So everything I do in my musical avenues, I always try to leave as many doors open when
Iím doing stuff, and here I am.
So do you have future plans to continue working with video games?
If the moneyís there, yeah, are you kidding me?
That sums it up everybody, weíll go where the moneyís at, wonít we?
I gotta pay for my house, man. I live in Southern California.
Oh, ouch. Alright, well, Midiehead, that's about all the time we have, but thanks so much for being on the show today.
We appreciate it. Once again, guys, check it out, www.midiehead.com if you're interested in Midiehead.
And he's got his own music there that you can download, and the forums, and his podcast.
It's just an action-packed site, so check it out, everybody. Thanks so much, Midiehead, for being on the show.
Yeah, you're welcome, dude.
Alright! Yay Midihead! Let's move on to another story.
We're going to talk about this. This is a rumor that's out right now is that a
Zelda movie is on the way out.
I don't know about this but this came out of Club Nintendo which is a Mexican
publication is very similar to Nintendo Power.
It was Reggie Phil's aim
was the guy at Nintendo that actually talked to this magazine about it
saying that they want to do Metroid and then Zelda would be next in line
but the weird thing about this is that I thought that John Woo
got the rights to Metroid but this is indicating that
Nintendo actually somehow bought this back and I didn't know that that had
happened
so I don't know yeah this article apparently indicates that Nintendo bought
back the rights from John Woo so that's kinda interesting if that happened and
kinda was under the radar
so I I don't know if Zelda should trust it unless it's an
official Nintendo yeah I'm a little question mark on this I'm not gonna
believe it just yet I mean it is kind of neat to think about a Zelda movie but at
the same time do we really need a Zelda movie I don't know because the games are
so freaking phenomenal of course Metroid or Metroid is great too but I don't know
Zelda seems like one of those things where it's already a movie we don't need
another movie if they did they would have to do it right well I would hope
they would all right Jamie you had another story for us about one of the
Xbox 360 launch games might be kind of buggy what's going on with this well
rare has stated that they took a very big risk with perfect dark zero so that
it would be released on launch day they said typically it goes to a
certification process to finish it up and then it's released to be
manufactured but they've gone ahead and released to manufacturing without it
going through their certification process.
They actually said they gave the go-ahead five days
before the game certification.
Wow.
And then if their certification doesn't pass,
they essentially quoted here that they
would have hundreds of thousands of disks on their hands.
That is a huge risk, because that's a big penalty.
I know Microsoft is huge.
All the game companies really are is huge on those.
Everything's got to be right and certified.
That is a huge risk you're taking there.
I guess Rare kind of working directly with Microsoft can get away with it a little more
but that's crazy.
I hope the game makes it or we're all in trouble.
Well it's also stated on there though that Rare puts a lot of work into polishing the
game so they're sure that it's going to be okay but they've produced 700,000 copies for
the US.
Wow.
So that every person who has an Xbox 360 will also have that title.
Now we know how many are coming out.
Well that's their estimate, that's the estimate.
Well I would think that they would know what they're talking about
seeing as they have to communicate directly with Microsoft.
Hey wait, Microsoft you said that we're only getting...
But that doesn't mean we're getting 700,000 of them on Tuesday.
That just means they're making 700,000 of them for the first run.
First run, first launch.
That also though explains why the game hasn't been available for review by some places.
Speaking of which, by the way, not only that, we've got more problems with Perfect Dark
Zero.
It was supposed to be out on Friday, but apparently they're having trouble getting into the United
States because it has to ship from China now.
They're running way behind.
It's got to delay it to launch day instead of before launch day, which was interesting.
And we're not even sure if it's going to be there on launch day either.
So that's probably why you can't find it in stores right now either.
Interesting.
Well if anything, are they having to ship it directly from China to the States? Or did they have it shipped specifically?
They said basically what happens is they ship it from China and it ends up in one of two places. Either Toledo, Ohio, or I can't remember the other location.
Then those get sent to Central Hub and then shipped out to stores from there.
And one of the other things that they mentioned which was very interesting here, Joanna Dark
does not feature jumping.
She cannot jump.
What good is she then?
Hey, as long as she's got boobs.
Hey!
Just kidding.
Alright, speaking of the Xbox 360, now the other week we were talking about the backwards
compatibility and how there's like 200 games that are going to be backwards compatible
here in the US and people are saying that's not enough, that's not enough.
guess what kids be thankful you don't live in Japan because guess how many
games are going to be backwards compatible at launch in Japan 12 that's
it 12 now they promise they'll be adding more and more but all you're getting at
the first run through is 12 now granted these are probably some of the biggest
games Halo Halo 2 Ninja Gaiden Rainbow Six Crimson Skies Fable and then of
course Simpsons hit-and-run is just randomly in there too but kind of
interesting that they're not getting quite as many but of course not as many
people bought Xboxes in Japan so maybe they're not as worried I don't know
ironically enough those 12 games also happen to be the same number of people
that purchase an Xbox in Japan oh ho zing all right low-key what else you got
for us well more on the Xbox stuff one of the things I thought was pretty cool
about the whole 360 launch in the first place is the Xbox Live arcade and they
have a ton of stuff out there going to be available for you to download, but they've
actually kind of released what they're going to be releasing initially.
For old retro games, they've got Gauntlet, Robotron, as well as Joust, which will be
really cool, Smash TV, which I thought was really neat, then of course my favorite, which
is going to be, well actually they have a few other ones here, Hectics, which is that
one that was put out by the guy that did Tetris, another game. Bejeweled 2, for all those Bejeweled
fans out there. And I can play that online for free. I know, I know, I know. And then,
of course my favorite, Geometry Wars Retro Evolved, which seems to be everybody's favorite
out there. Those are going to be available, most of the games are actually going to be
available for either five to ten dollars geometry wars and some of the better
ones are actually gonna be five bucks a few of them are gonna be ten and one
some billiards game is $15 for download oh it's top shell smash TV do I think
that was one of the ones that's five which is cool I would hope so but but
considering you can buy it as part of a $20 pack with 20 games it's really only
worth a dollar okay all right all right but here's the cool thing though least
they do have free demos you can try out so you can try these games before you
buy them that's nice other than they're gonna have free demos for other games
like me for speed most one are gonna be on there as well as some of the other
EA games and stuff that that's kind of cool and of course more gamer tags you
can purchase and all that stuff a lot of ways to waste your money so all right
well you don't want to waste all your money on video games though because you
know if you spent all your days playing video games you'd have no time to go out
and spend your money on strippers like looky did this past week right looky
that was yesterday yeah anyway uh so here to always remind us that there is a
real life outside of gaming is the one and only dark Sakura and it's been a
couple weeks so she's been able to give you a piece of her advice so here it is
Dark Sakura's advice column and Dark Sakura, what are you going to be talking to us about tonight?
Today's bit of advice is how to leap from a motorcycle to a car.
Number one, make sure the vehicles are moving at the same speed. That's very important.
Two, wait for a long straight section of road before positioning the vehicles as
close as possible to each other. You will be on the passenger side of the car so you
will be very close to the edge of the roadway. 3. Crouch with both of your feet on the running
board or the seat and hold the throttle until the last instant. Remember, as soon as you release
the throttle, the bike speed will decrease. 4. If the car has an inside handle above the door,
grab it. If not, simply time the leap so your torso lands in the car. If you miss the window,
tuck and roll away from the vehicles. 5. Have the driver swerve away from the bike as soon
as you're inside the bike may slip under the rear passenger side wheel of the car
but my final piece of advice yes just freaking don't try jumping into a car
while it's moving that's stupid or at least tell the guy to stop just shoot
him first I don't know all right that's why you put that's why you shoot the
tires and then throw the guy out of the car and then drive off somewhere we can
change the tire all right that's much easier for the love of God don't tell
them you saw it in a video game yeah don't tell no no no tell them that you
saw it on the edited GTA 3 speaking of which pursuit force is available for
purchase for the PSP coming this spring.
I didn't want to say the words Jack Thompson, but what you said kind of made me think of
that.
I heard he got booted off that case in Alabama or something and the judge yelled at him or
something.
I might be kind of...
He didn't get booted.
He quit.
I didn't.
That's not what I read.
He's a big loser.
Oh well.
No, I'm just amused by his Amazon rating.
What is it?
37,000 on Amazon's list?
Don't give him a free plug.
Hey, speaking of which, people that like the Jack Thompson book also recommend gay porno
books as well.
Really?
Really.
That's an insult.
I'm just making fun of him because he's a loser.
All right.
He does nothing but embarrass himself, so I think he's a good point of humor.
Gay pornography can at least be artistic sometimes.
Jack Thompson's work, never artistic.
All right.
No.
Let's talk about The Matrix online.
Loki this is a game you played for about what three days three minutes yeah well
I actually people are still playing it apparently this game was shut down no
it's saying that the matrix online so good they did some of that they did a
server consolidation I think they didn't shut it down anyway they are doing
another update it's update number 38 and they're gonna be doing in-game
advertising courtesy of massive we'll be doing the in-game advertising using the
billboards they kind of already do some real-world product advertising but now
they're gonna do stuff you know that's bought advertising because the
advertising they had before was for like let's say the clothing was used in the
game they'd give that clothing company free advertising so now they're gonna do
I guess selling for the advertising whatever and that those ads will be
refreshing and updating with pretty good frequency in the game there so very
interesting I I'm just kind of surprised that the game is still has such a large
following I see as they don't off all the characters yeah I don't want to I
don't want to bash on you know matrix online because it seemed alright and I
can see where people get into it because it does continue the matrix story but I
don't know I just it doesn't have that same play me play me over and over again
like some of the other MMOs do I don't know I enjoy the matrix games that
online not just Ragnarok but Final Fantasy Warcraft tell anything anyway
for all those people who are willing to play the sort of mindless rounds of PSO
and yes I was one of them you know it has its addictions all right
Dark Sakura what do you have considering release dates in the UK I have quite a
a few what we're looking at so far we have Kala Cthulhu dark corners of the
earth which I'm interested in bubble bobble revolution on the DS crash tag
team racing for the PSP is this all this week the 25th Oh awesome dr. Mario and
puzzle league on the GBA Dragon Ball Z supersonic warriors to gun a Kirby
Canvas Curse on the DS, Mario Kart DS also on the 25th, Need for Speed Most Wanted, Pro
Evolution Soccer 5, Psychonauts, Rugby Challenge 2006, Sega Classics Collection Ski Racing
2006, Tales of Eternia, The Incredibles Rise of the Underminer, and Touch Golf.
Also to be announced, we have Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire, and Pac-Man World
3, a few other things coming out, Snowboard Kids DS, those are all scheduled to be out
sometime this month, we just don't have a date on it.
Awesome.
Alright, that for our friends over in the UK, and here in the US, I don't have a calendar
in front of me for the US, but everything's all about the 360 this next week, and that's
what a lot of people have been talking about, but there's been a lot of great games released
for other systems here this past week too, I mean we had Mario Kart DS, we had the Ultra
Mix, we had Call of Duty on other systems as well, Call of Duty Big Red One, yeah, just
lots of games coming out this week.
This week was, or last week I should say, was one of the biggest launch weeks of the
year.
Oh yeah, it always is.
Yeah, it always is.
Wait, wait, wait, this is the Big Red One?
I need somebody who was in that, that's kind of cool.
Moving on, let's go to Loki, do you have any more stories?
Yeah, I got some stuff on the PSP actually, it's pretty cool.
The first one being this program called PSP Advanced, and what it was is actually some
software that kind of acts like iTunes, but for the PSP, so it allows you to put on video
and MP3s and stuff, very simple-like, and you can also play a lot of different formats
that you couldn't play before, like divx files and whatnot, and basically this program
goes on your PSP runs on homebrew so it's you know made by an actual you
know commercial company that's you know doing this and what's really cool they
were talking about selling it at first but they've decided to go ahead and
release the full version for free so you can actually go to pspadvance.com and
download the full version of it it works on I believe firmware 1.5 and 2.0 and you
can basically act it has a PC program goes with it and you can stream your
media files to your PSP and it's pretty awesome.
Sounds cool.
So, you know, that's really neat.
The other thing which, of course, I'm excited about because Orange Laundry is all about
the Bomani games is PSP Revolution 0.1 was just released.
It's basically Step Mania, kind of a Dance Dance Revolution sim for the PSP.
Works really good, actually plays all the Step Mania and DWI files and you can go find
those on like wonderful websites like
Fomani style and stuff and they have a
whole listing of them and just really
cool that they have that to go now so
I'm sure a lot more stuff will be added
to that as well.
Alright, alright we're going to go over
to our mailbag because it's been a
little while since, well actually I
snuck into the mailbag when you weren't
here last week Dark Soccer I hope you
don't mind I snuck in there and stole
some letters. You're allowed.
Alright but Dark Soccer is going to read
us some letters that are in our mailbox
box and if you want to send us an email it's togo togo at orange lounge radio
comms places in your letters dark soccer what do we have this week yes I couldn't
get the article to pull up because you have to be a member of that site and I
was like man but I'll go ahead and read the email said hey alright just
So we encountered an article talking about current developments on educational video
games.
Now professors are continuing to take them seriously as fundamental learning tools.
What do you guys think?
Will we see real great educational and fun video games popping up in schools in several
years?
Not just like the classics in elementary school like Word Manager, but like some similar ones
to the ones stated in the article.
Maybe games that teach English to non-native speakers or foreign languages, Japanese, French,
Spanish, Chinese to name a few.
As for real life scenario games involving ethics in real life situations like firing
someone in tough decisions, I'm slightly skeptical but I could see them put into intriguing action
adventure games.
Sex Education the Video Game.
Anyway just asking what you guys think.
I'm kinda surprised that this is news. I mean, I
kinda thought we were using computers and games for education type scenarios
for a long time.
In my profession actually, I'm not sure, you know, my day job, what I do is I
actually teach people. I'm a corporate trainer
and I like to use computer-based things all the time and sometimes that might be a
scenario where, you know, they actually choose like multiple choice
questions that
will alter the scenario of events. I don't want to give away too much of what it is I
do, but
there might be like a multiple-choice thing and it changes the events and they
watch what happens to their character
in some aspects and of course you know naming back to the classics there
we've already been using that game element in teaching for a long time like
Jeopardy! that's an old classic I use that for review all the time in my class so
I don't know I maybe it would help me to know like I'm assuming the article is
talking a little more about console games and what the rest of us kinda
think of as games games
and I don't think I see that connection too much maybe but
we need to return to where in the world is Carmen Sandiego
yes in the classics Oregon Trail and all that stuff I'm sure that stuff is still being used today
but I think that you do have
potential though to expand it beyond what we having now to go into
like you know a lot of times the games are easy to use for younger
for the younger ages, but I think that
they don't always utilize that properly for
older teens and up. And I think that
that would be actually a good market to get into is to have the whole
lessons, whole courses done, you know,
as an educational game. I think it could work.
It would depend on the game, of course, because remember,
a class is only as good as the games that are
Todd in it. No, forget it. Alright. You got one more quick email for us?
One more from Rini.
Just to sort of paraphrase a bit,
basically stating that
one particular reason not everyone should run out to buy a 360 or PS3
or whatever on its launch date is possible problems with faults in the console.
Just stating again, I am reminded of the PS2 launch
when the thing erased memory cards and something else.
Of course, we did not encounter this,
but then you'd have to go out to your nurse retailer
and get an append disk or mentioning of an upgrade station.
Another reason is, you know,
dealing with, I guess, the quality of the systems,
holding off for something
that might be better down the line,
and also wanting to know where the ferrets are.
The ferrets were around here somewhere.
They might've died from starvation
because you haven't been here actually I'm not sure what's going on wait hold
on they're still here all right all right to send us an email send us email
to go to go at orange lounge radio.com very good point there by the last email
there um a lot of times those consoles have problems with the first releases so
maybe a reason to hold off I don't know but I have a first release Japanese ps2
that still works to this day well yeah but it depends on how much you use them
to because you don't game all day long nor do I also don't use it as a DVD
player either that's true and we hear that the they were not good for DVD
players the first few I'll have you know especially with the ps2 the more you use
it as a dedicated DVD player the more chance you have of ruining the system
itself by that motor drive I have my actually my first my ps2 got it at
launch date and playing music as my dedicated DVD player perfectly fine
because you have a satanic curse in your house that keeps that thing running is
what it is.
Alright.
I've actually known plenty of people who've had, who use this as their primary, as their
primary DVD player and have had nothing but problems.
I use my Xbox as my primary DVD player but I just, I don't play games on it.
The Xbox was made quite a bit better.
Yeah, the Xbox was made quite a bit better and since I paid extra for that DVD kit you
better believe it's going to work.
Anyway, Loki, we're running out of time.
Loki, you got another story for us?
Yeah, real quick.
Of course, we gotta still talk about the 360 launch being that it is on Tuesday.
They had some craziness on Friday when Circuit City started taking pre-orders for what 360s
they were gonna have.
Oh, I remember what we mentioned last week, oh, they're gonna sell them in the stores
on Friday, and sure enough, like the day after our podcast rolled out, oh no, that was all
a big lie.
Yeah.
So Circuit City's, I don't know who knows what's going on there.
So they were being sold on their website.
They actually did have the units out of the bundles, so that was kind of interesting.
Or you could pre-order the bundle and delete the additional stuff on there, which is also
Well that was if you're lucky enough to be able to actually get through.
The site was hammered so much it went down as well as their entire technical support line was just jammed up.
So that was interesting.
There's actually people now camping for their 360 right now.
But you can always assure that celebrities are going to have one.
They had an LA launch party for the 360 and Paris Hilton has a bag with a 360.
That is so fucked up. What do you think Paris Hilton is going to play on her 360?
360. She doesn't know what a 360 is, okay? That's basically that.
And then finally my favorite store in the world.
That makes me mad that you won't get a 360 but Paris Hilton will.
Come on! You know she's a big gamer.
Anyways. Well, not video games. My personal favorite
is the ad for Best Buy
showing the 360 and stating that's the absolute latest in gaming that burns
CDs and DVDs too.
thank you Best Buy for lying and not even knowing what the hell you're talking about
I will not be going to Best Buy to buy anything for my 360 thank you very much
it's just one mistake it's a pretty mistake don't blame the whole
well that's not why I'm...
they're actually false advertising and they can be held accountable for it
oh my you guys are you guys are vicious we sue you
gotta be vicious to keep up oh man I hate to be in line with you people
on Tuesday hurry up buddy guess who's not gonna be in line
Look, don't rub it in. Stop rubbing it in. We'll come to your house and take it.
Real quick mentions, if you pre-order Dirge of Service right now, you can actually get the tech demo for Final Fantasy VII, the video plus, which is ahead of the trailers coming out for that.
Also, with Metal Gear Acid 2, 3D version of the Metal Gear Solid 4 trailer.
Not bad.
Yeah, very cool.
That's US pre-orders, right?
Yes.
Okay, Dark Sakura has our last story tonight regarding gaming in another country
We've got one actually published by Eurogamer a group of German politicians
Proposed to ban on all video games that show lethal violence
That that's pretty that's pretty much simply it
They're actually
it's a it's basically already looking at and I'm trying to find the group that
was calling for this the Christian Social Union saying that killing games
have no place in Germany's bedrooms there already though are having some
folks against that if only you people knew what went on in my bedroom the
gaming happens in the living room I shouldn't have said that on the radio
The head of Germany's Interactive Software Association, Olaf Wolters, basically was quoted
in Der Spiegel saying, ìAs far as weíre concerned, there are no such things as killer
games but adult games, and theyíre willing to work with the governments to resolve the
issue.î Itís stated also that Germany has some of the strictest censorship laws in the
world, but they needed revision, especially after in 2002 a 19-year-old shot and killed
16 people in Erfurt before turning the gun on himself, as he was also an avid player
of Counter-Strike.
It's saying the new legislation, if approved, will go into effect March 2008.
Just a bunch of crazy people trying to ban things because they can't watch their kids.
It's just stupid.
I know.
It won't happen.
You know what's going to happen though?
The only way we're going to be able to solve violent games in Germany is to make more David
Hasselhoff game I knew you were gonna make it David has off I was trying to
think of a good Shiza porn joke but I just now I want to keep this a family
show tonight uh Jamie your thoughts I don't know you know it's really hard
because you know how I feel about this parents should be doing their jobs right
mm-hmm the manufacturers should also be taking responsibility to label their
games correctly yes mm-hmm but I don't think that the government has any
business poking their nose into it it should be left up to the consumer and up
to the man the manufacturer to keep the consumer informed especially with a
statement as subjective as any violent game well that could be anything I mean
what who what's violent what's not is a car is Tom and Jerry with a big cartoon
hair hammer is that violent whack-a-mole the game that's pretty violent
So I hate I hate hate hate is what I hated about the California law
I hate these subjective things that lead too much open to interpretation
so
alright, well
That is gonna do it for tonight's program
So, um, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts Dark Sakura your final thought and then we're gonna say goodbye to you
reject false icons and
All right, we're gonna go ahead and click the hang up button now Dark Sakura, but thanks so much for
sitting with us on Skype tonight and we'll see you next time okay bye bye
Loki your final thought my final thought is I'm gonna beat this stupid Mario Kart
DS I'm gonna get robbed finally all right and my final thought is Tuesday
when you're all fighting those lines I'm gonna be sitting back playing some World
of Warcraft and Mario Kart DS and I'll just take my sweet ass time of buying
that xbox 360 thank you very much
alright we promised one more mini head
song tonight before we close out we're
going to leave you guys with this tonight
this is also from ddr ultramix 3 this is
another MIDI head track remember to
check out his music go to www.midihead.com
this is raise your hands
have a great night everybody we'll see
See you next week.
Iron's on the floor as the crowd's on the floor
Feel the starting boom, blast through your ribcage
Bending lights in the mist as the DJ is in
Shouting out to the fans
Raise your hands
That's the end of another Orange Lounge Radio To-Go edition.
This podcast is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next update!
