Orange lounge radio to go edition week of November 28th, 2005
You're tuned in to the orange lounge radio to go edition your podcast home for all the latest video game news and gamer chat
Now here are your hosts dark Sakura sky and low
Hello everybody welcome to another edition of orange lounge radio to go
it's that podcast dedicated to all things gaming all the news you want to
hear about and of course as we always say we like to talk about video games
that don't suck although sometimes we have to talk about video games that do
suck just to warn you to stay the hell away my name is Rob Roberts you might
know me as sky joining us welcome back dark Sakura we missed you hi how you
doing voiceless I know what you know what you you have the what we've been
calling the wheel of infection or whatever because your
doctor's telling you every week it's something different or something right
it was a cold that turned into a sinus infection while I was in LA because I
came back really sick right and then he told he told me it was bronchitis but a
chance that it was pneumonia and he put on my thing pneumonia and I had an x-ray
and all that and this week he's telling me it's whooping cough or it might be
he's taken the cultures he stuck a q-tip up my nose you
I was gross it tickled I wanted to sneeze well well you're back and I know
you're not feeling it a hundred percent but we appreciate you being here and our
listeners have said they've missed you so as I'm sure you've seen in the mail
bag so is there a man proving they're trying some people out there haven't
missed yet but they don't know they don't know crap yeah but they suck screw
them Loki's here as always say hello to Loki I'm here no whooping cough for Loki
No, no, I can't arrange for you to get the plague. How you doing Loki? I'm doing good. Yes
Yes, I'm doing I could be doing better how to have 360 but
I'm still doing good crazy stuff with the 360 launch, huh?
You know nothing I didn't expect. All right, well, we'll talk about 360 stuff
But of course, it's very important to us because you know, we're casual show here
We don't really you know
We're not and we do whatever the heck we want here
And one thing we like to do is tell you about what we've been playing because we are gamers as well
We don't have companies that send us a lot of free stuff
So we have to go out and buy games ourselves and you know, we have real life that you know
We have jobs and stuff, but we do fit in time for gaming when we can dark soccer
Have you been able to fit in any time for gaming? I know you've been sick, but what even playing if anything I played
I played some Katamari last night
a new one or the old one but I got motion sick because my stomach was
already feeling irritated I turned on World of Warcraft and then shut it back
down again because I couldn't stand it's just like because I've been so
disoriented it's been driving me crazy to play anything so I've been taking it
kind of easy with gaming however I did play some PSO blue burst while I was in
L.A., and did watch somebody play through a couple of quests on the Xbox.
And did you get a chance to check out Xbox 360?
Uh, yes, actually.
I didn't play it because I just wasn't feeling well enough, but I got to see Perfect Dark
Zero, which I thought was pretty cool, and then Call of Duty, and then Project Gotham
Racing, and Dan's been playing a whole lot of Need for Speed Underground, so I've actually
seen quite a bit of that.
And he compared it between Xbox and Xbox 360 and said that the 360 version really just
seems like a port.
It's lower.
Not as much fun as the Xbox version.
Interesting.
And I got to see the BSOD on the Xbox 360.
Not the blue screen of death, but...
The black screen of death!
Hahaha.
Alright.
What caused the black screen of death, my ass?
I think it just got hot, but it was it was on the same game that I'm hearing most of the complaints about is on
Call of Duty 2 no on
Project Gotham 3 as I say it's one of the racing games if I remember right yeah
In fact one of our listeners had actually sent us an article about that, but I was gonna say from experience
I've seen it happen, and it was on that game and most of the people I talked to said that it is on
and I want to say GTA but it's it's a project Gotham but aren't they saying
that it's all related to the power supply basically and I know that it's
overheating I don't know exactly why but most of people who run into the problems
are playing with their game in a cabinet I know that's a common factor hmm
anything else you want to share with us dark soccer not particularly all right
Does she want to hear the details of my illness? I doubt think so.
Uh, maybe on another show. Uh, Loki.
Uh, well, I've been, um, I take a little time off this week because of my car and being broken, so...
Meanwhile, while that was being worked out, I've been playing Mario Kart DS, and that's really fun.
Um, I do not like snaking.
Snaking is retarded, and it's a really stupid aspect of the game where people just basically...
you saw the same thing in F-Zero GX where people
they wiggle their cart back and forth or whatever using the drifting or whatever
and it makes it go super fast, a little faster than it should be going in the game
and it's kinda pointless. It's a way of cheating basically. It's basically an exploit
more than anything else
yeah it's retarded so that I have to say but other than that
I'm playing people that don't snake it's still really fun because the games get
really close we played a match earlier today
and man down one race and down the line is just crazy
Yeah, me, you, and Miklotov were all playing a match in the house, right?
Yes, and that was fun.
Good times.
So I really wish there'd be more people on my friends list
popping on during the day, but a lot of times, even doing worldwide,
it's hard to get four players, which is really strange.
I don't know why I'm right into that problem, but I don't know.
So I've been playing that.
I've been playing Grand Theft Auto multiplayer.
I am still owning everybody.
I'm on a five win winning streak right now,
and basically kicking the crap out of all my co-workers it's great
they uh... know that i'm coming to give them the beat down with uh... chainsaw
usually and uh... i'm uh... rocket sniper as well so it's really fun
i wish that game were online cuz that'd be really cool
and then i've been playing shadow of colossus still and i'm bored with that game
i'm ready to be done with it i don't think it's a big huge impressive game
that everyone was saying is
it looks pretty yeah
that's about it there's really no content of the game i gotta be honest i
So I was kind of excited about this game because I heard a lot of good stuff on our forums
and stuff and then you brought the game over for me to check out and you kind of showed
me the game and you were playing it a little bit and I was kind of, it was very pretty
don't get me wrong, the game was very pretty looking and it looked like something I might
want to check out sometime but it just looked a little boring.
I'm not sure I like the concept itself.
It looked a little...
It is boring.
There's no story to it really.
Maybe it's just my perspective and what I look for in a game but it didn't look like
my kind of thing.
I don't like the fact that there's no other enemies, no nothing,
there's no real puzzle. I mean, the only puzzle solving in the game is
figuring out how to get on these colossus and figuring out how to kill them.
But once you're done with that, you're done. And there's only 16 of them in the game.
Granted, there is a hard mode, but when you go through the hard mode and the time modes or
whatever,
you can actually unlock more weapons to make it easier. Why do you want the game to be
easier? It's gonna be shorter. Then they have some point where you can actually kill
lizards and
shoot fruit with like a bow and arrow and stuff but
that doesn't really do anything it's just whoopity-doo here it is
so I don't really know I've kinda lost
purpose in the game. It's fun exploring stuff but there's no benefit to
doing it
like one of the things that people are talking about you can do is climbing
to the top of the temple thing. I haven't tried doing that but that looks
like it could be fun because there's a lot of
area to roam around in but there's no enemy so what's it matter
you know it's it's really bad but I don't know
yet you play it anyway well I just want to get done with it so I can sell it back
oh I see well you're letting me borrow it for a little while right so I can check it out
for a little bit yeah
alright sounds good um but anything else that you've been playing
um I want to play some of the Warriors I haven't got a chance to play any more that
lately but that game I think is going to keep my interest more than anything
some games I've been playing this week I checked out
the Final Fantasy 12 demo and I gotta say I'm pretty impressed
It's, they did change some stuff from what I saw at E3 two years ago in regards to the
battle system because it looks like now with the battle system that you, there's not the
boxes around the screen or anything, it is very seamless where you are walking around
and you, it's unlike other Final Fantasy games in the past, except for XI of course, where
you, I know a lot of people didn't play that, where you walk up to something and engage
it like in real time and it's very different from Final Fantasies of the past.
But I think what's very interesting about the battle system, which is pretty much all
that this demo really allows you to see is the battle system is that you
basically it kind of fuses 11 with the old battle systems which I think is very
interesting because there's a lot about 11 I really did like and the thing is is
that your your party members if you want them to will do their own things and
it's almost like you're playing online with but with intelligent people that
are you know doing the cures as they need to and all this other stuff so it's
very different feel to the Final Fantasy game I noticed. I was a little
disappointed with the summon sequences even though you know they're grand and
overdone like they are in every Final Fantasy game. I was expecting something a
little bit different, a little bit of load time problems there, but nothing
nothing game crippling, just a slight kind of, oh that's too bad. But
otherwise the demo kicked ass. I'm definitely looking forward to the game, I
really want to check it out. My only other minor bitch is that the movie
scenes in the demo were not rendered in the game and look like they are a copy of a movie
because they are pixelated and I can see the pixelation really bad on my TV. I'm sorry.
I'm having microphone problems tonight, sorry guys. It would look very pixelated on my TV
and if that's the way that the game actually looks when it comes out I'm going to be sorely
disappointed. I'm sure this is just because it's the demo. I'm very sure it's just the
demo and the movies will look fantastic but I couldn't help but kind of sense a little
of disappointment because I wanted to see in the demo a little bit that you know nice looking game
you know the rendering sequences and everything so uh also obviously if I got the final fantasy
12 demo I must be playing dragon quest 8 which is true I picked up a copy of dragon quest 8
there's a lot of stuff I really like about dragon quest 8 um it's I'm gonna be honest with you guys
I haven't really been into a dragon warrior or dragon quest game since the very very first game
on the NES I've kind of just slept through the rest of the series I never
played the one that was out on PlayStation I didn't bother to play well
of course a lot of them didn't even come out here I didn't bother to play any of
the other ones on the NES so I kind of dragon quest but I'm for some reason
finding myself really liking this one it's definitely an old style RPG which
is good and you know maybe not good for some people but good for me because it's
definitely a throwback to like the older games where it's like you know the
enemies are there, attack, magic, it's very basic. They don't try to overdo it with all
these crazy concepts or anything during the battle. So I like it. It's a good game. A
lot of good graphics to it. It's got a very different graphical style to it, obviously
because some of the graphics were done by, you know, famous anime guy. The only disappointment
I would say that I have with the game is the cut sequences. There's some cut sequences
in there that are kind of have a lot of low time and the voice acting is very slow and
I find myself wanting to push the X button before the cut sequence finishes usually just
to get through the cut sequences there I usually want to push the X button just to get through
them so I apologize again you guys but I have a crazy mic tonight I might have to pass it
back and forth with somebody else here so the record it's a todiana who did Dragon Ball
Z thank you I yeah I knew he did Dragon Ball Z Dr. Slump and that's the only thing turns
me off by that game I don't like Dragon Ball Z at all but you know a lot of the
character animations are very funny like a lot of the animal a lot of the animals
the monsters are very similar to what you saw in the old Dragon Warrior games
you know the slimes and everything but they do some funny things like they'll
make your characters dance and the dancing motions are hilarious I love it
it's great so yeah I definitely I recommend Dragon Quest 8 if you're a fan
of role-playing games especially if you're looking for like a throwback to a
very old, less complicated RPG type game. A lot of work though. It's not something you
can just play through very quickly and watch the cutscenes. You will die if you don't take
some time to stop and gain experience. And that bugs some people, so I don't know.
Granted though, if you are still looking for a throwback to, you know, really old games
and stuff, especially old RPGs, Wild Arms, Alter Code F, which came out a couple weeks
ago, and Romancing Saga, which came out a couple months ago, which was the original
Soccer Frontier, so both remakes of their original counterparts should be pretty good
too.
And, oh, and, and, and in a couple weeks, Final Fantasy IV.
What's the street date on that, do we know?
Second week, or no, first, wait yeah, second week, second real week in December, so around
the week of the 12th I think.
I'm definitely looking forward to that.
You spoonie bard.
I think we'll start off getting into the news tonight, however, I want to issue a couple
of corrections to things we've talked about on previous podcasts, because, you know, we're
human, we're gaming fans, and we sometimes make mistakes.
This first one isn't so much a mistake as it is a clarification.
A couple of podcasts ago we were talking about Guild Wars, and I said that NCSoft makes Guild
Wars, and somebody over on our forums, a main fan over on the forums, wanted to clarify
that ArenaNet actually made Guild Wars, and they deserve the credit.
NCSoft simply publishes the game.
Which is interesting because it kind of brings up
this whole thing about, you know,
usually it is the publishers that get the credit
because they're the ones that are, you know,
paying for the advertising and all that stuff
that are, you know, really getting the game out there.
True.
So, you know, but I see definitely the point here
that's trying to be made is that, you know what,
we need to give credit to the programmers as well.
So, you know, a lot of times,
and this is probably true of any gaming source
you're looking out there at,
a lot of times the credit is going to the publisher and not necessarily the
company who actually made the game so
I'm definitely willing to issue that clarification there
but just be careful with
what you read out there because sometimes the people who are publishing
the game may not necessarily be making it
a classic example would be Nintendo
publishes a lot of stuff that they don't necessarily do like the old Rare games
you know
something to think about. The other clarification we would like to make was related to
something that we talked about previously last week
and it had to do with the Chinese gamer and the parents were suing Blizzard.
He was not a World of Warcraft player because World of Warcraft wasn't really
out in China until May of this year. It was actually Warcraft 3
was the game that the Chinese gamer committed suicide after playing
and the parents are still suing Blizzard because of it. But of course
this just goes to show, because we get our news from other
sources obviously,
Because there's very few companies that send us releases directly
But it just goes to show that the media will pick it up and run with it
You know about these horrible MMO RPGs that are you know, ruining people's lives and everything
So besides it wouldn't be the first time that Chinese person has killed themself over an MMO. So
Or kill their baby. It's still sad
It's sad depending on the age of whoever the gamer was it's their parent's responsibility to keep an eye on them
And you know, it's really stupid though because like in World of Warcraft you still
Well, I guess it's the same in Warcraft 3. You jump off something you do end up dying if it's high enough
Although the first thing I did was jump off the top of the tree
You know, I have killed myself that way I jumped off a waterfall and I killed myself in World of Warcraft. So it is possible
It's just stupidity
Taking the bad genes out of the gene pool
Well, let's start off with a our first story tonight and I said for tonight's first story
I want to do anything besides an Xbox 360 story just because I'm too oversaturated and believe me
We have plenty of Xbox 360 things to talk about I said anything but an Xbox 360 story
So we have something better. We have a story about 50 cent
He's retarded
50 cent actually has this game 50 cent bulletproof which came out recently and
sexual
Themes intense violence use of drugs blood and gore no surprise. This game has an M rating, right?
Well, guess what Curtis Jackson, also known as 50 Cent, said in a recent
interview with Reuters? Just because it is rated mature doesn't mean you
shouldn't buy it for your kids. No, actually that's what it means. Hold on,
hold on though now, wait a minute, because I think this is where most people stopped
reading and here's what the rest of what 50 Cent has to say.
He said, play the game and explain to them what they are playing. So he's saying
that parents should play the game and then explain to the kids what they are
playing so I think the intentions might be good here I I know I wouldn't let my
kid play this type of game because that's just too much violence and sex
and all that stuff but I do like the fact I think many people pass this off
as 50 cent is crazy but I do like the fact that he is saying parents play the
game with your child parents get involved even though maybe he didn't say
at the right way I at least kind of give him a little bit of credit for trying to
say that the parents should be involved although maybe he wasn't I don't know
but what do you think I think what he's saying is oh my god my game was
released one week after true crime New York City it's not gonna sell very well
kids please buy my game because I need the money he's just not thinking that's
all it is he's I thought he was like you can use this as a teaching tool and you
You know, maybe it could be a teaching tool of sorts, but in the real world, kids are
just going to go, oh, 50 Cent said I should play this violent game, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
Whatever.
I, I wouldn't be surprised if they'd taken him completely out of context in this interview,
because you know that stuff happens all the time.
Loki, you wouldn't know anything about being taken out of context in an interview.
Isn't it so much fun?
Shhh...
Alright, uh...
I guess now we can talk a little bit about Xbox 360.
Let's talk about this. I don't know if you knew this, but Microsoft is
taking a hundred twenty six dollars.
They're writing it off for every Xbox 360 system they sell.
And while this may sound shocking, it actually isn't that uncommon because the
gaming companies really make their money back on the games.
So just so you know, if you wanted to know
how much of a loss Microsoft's taken on these consoles,
$126, and that doesn't count, you know,
when you throw in all these peripherals.
This is just the console itself, so kinda interesting.
Microsoft also saying that they are aware of the shortages
and they are pushing to, and this is a quote
from Peter Moore, the corporate vice president
of worldwide marketing and publishing, said,
our goal is to replenish inventory
in the channel every week.
So lots of Xbox 360s are flowing in every single week.
It's not like we're shipping and then going dry
for two or three weeks.
Loki, you have anything to add to this mess?
Yeah, basically, he's quoted saying,
and I just saw this earlier,
because they basically,
they're not gonna be short at all
with what's coming out here.
Man, I wish I had the article.
Oh, here we go.
Basically, Major Nelson,
the guy who's behind a lot of this launch stuff,
He was visiting his family here on the East Coast and he says he took the opportunity
over the past couple of days to stop at various retailers in southern New England to check
out what people are saying about the Xbox 360.
One thing I noticed was that there was a large amount of incorrect information floating around
regarding shipments of units.
One store incorrectly told me that Microsoft won't send us anymore until March.
I double checked with the retail team and while I can't speak to each retail outlet's
specific distribution strategy, I can tell you that we have a weekly replenishment strategy.
That means that we have new shipments of Xbox 360s being sent out each week.
If you hear that a store won't be getting an Xbox 360 from Microsoft until next year,
you may want to gently remind them that your source, in fact, that we are shipping consoles
each week.
story is be patient once again don't believe all the rumors you hear so
that's that's a good point from the horse's mouth I let you know these Xbox
360s have been reporting crashing in dark soccer you saw one of these things
crash you know to be perfectly honest we got the BS OD once and then after that I
actually just saw it freeze without anything just completely froze in the
the middle of a race.
Now, apparently you can actually fix these crashing
Xbox 360s.
This was something that was posted over on GameSpot forums
that you can actually fix it with string.
All you have to do, hang it from above the ground.
Because the problem is that in these cabinets and stuff,
they're overheating.
Because there's no way for it to effectively cool down.
The power supply is overheating.
I cleared that up.
But the problem is the power supply is it does have a fan.
And like any console, you want to keep it perfectly ventilated.
This is also with a computer or anything.
You just need proper ventilation around it.
But they say place in either that or like suspending on a box lid or something like that,
like a small box, just to basically give some airflow around it.
So the power supplies are overheating.
They have fans inside of them, but they're not that strong.
Also, the fact the console unit itself, they said that there's ventilation holes
that aren't getting punched out during manufacturing
and that could also lend to overheating as well.
Um, actually they had a lot of the same
issue. I remember when the Dreamcast was released saying that it was overheating.
Um, well uh, what we used to do was we actually had a
a box set out until we started using our PS2 as a Dreamcast stand
and uh, letting it air out. Because all you have to do is keep those vents
uh, free of any obstruction and it does just fine. You know what, some
third-party company and it's gonna come out just like they did with the original PlayStation
remember the fan that straps to the side of it and blows air through it
so it doesn't overheat it. Maybe the same thing could
you know set the power supply in something and it cools it off. Or maybe you could not release a
console that overheats
how about that? Yeah that might be good. I tell you they're falling into the Dreamcast trap.
Be very interesting to see. We wouldn't want a system to fail like the N-Gage
and DarkSakura you have something about the N-Gage right? This made me smile
Nokia shifts focus from gaming.
And how long did this take them?
Nokia's VP of Corporate Strategy,
I guess I'm pronouncing this right, Antti Vasara, has
confirmed that there are no plans for future versions of the N-Gage.
They are turning their focus toward mobile TV
and music with the introduction of handsets like the N91
smartphone that can hold up to 3,000 music tracks.
they're planning on placing a greater emphasis on mobile gaming in 2007
which by that time screen sizes and quality were all for better games.
And also the other thing is they're going to be introducing, they don't want
just one platform dedicated to gaming, they're actually going to be incorporated
into all their M60 phones
which will be coming out so that's another reason why that they
shouldn't be supporting the N-Gage. Well the quote I have from him is,
Engage is still being sold, but it was not success in the sense of developing a new category
Engage we bid thee farewell
Wow, oh
Darn, what a loss. Sorry. I I think we've been doing this for like 45 weeks now
And I haven't yet to use the soundboard for anything. So I had to do that
I'm sorry, the N-Gage was crappy. I tried to like this system so bad. I tried to play it at E3.
You have an N-Gage?
And we gave it away.
It's bad.
It was the first model TacoPhone.
Alright. Speaking of something that should be sent far, far away, something about Jack Thompson
and I don't like bringing this guy up every week, but you got something funny.
yeah actually one of our regular listeners Rob with two B's he's actually
sent me several articles and one of them I thought was about time Jack Thompson's
Alabama license was revoked he had been basically shipped out before you know
while they reviewed it but his license is actually gone he cannot practice law
in the state of Alabama that just goes to show you boys and girls do not fuck
with the gaming community yeah but he don't sue me of course he fired back at
a judge more by claiming that the judge had violated the Alabama canons of
judicial ethics by his unfortunate improper and prejudicial prejudiced I'm
sorry prejudicial acts in this case at the expense of three bereaved Alabama
families oh let me guess he's an activist judge you know what I think is
because there's somebody with some common sense in my home state, excuse me, who thought
that you were a big loser. How about that?
Too many practices, mainly out of Florida. Oh, who cares. Sorry to any of our listeners
in Florida.
Moving on, Loki, what else do you have for us?
Well, other than overheating Xboxes, we're hearing reports of scratching disks in the
Xbox as well. Some people are saying, don't play your Xbox vertical. Some are saying don't
play it horizontal. Some people are just saying don't play it at all. But basically, no matter
what you do, your disc will get scratched. Basically the moral of the story is don't
tip your Xbox over while you're playing it. It goes to show you that it really rushes
the market if they haven't found out, oh, these detrimental things. Hey, this is scratching
discs. Maybe that's not a good feature they put in there. So that was kind of interesting
The other one that I thought was kind of funny is they were talking about the Xbox 360 DVD
player.
They're saying it's not very good, actually, and funny, neither was the Xbox's DVD player.
No progressive scan, excuse me?
It says on...
Not nearly as awful as the PS2.
They're testing it on episode 3 and said it looked this decent, but this person who was
reviewing it, their Samsung progressive player blew it out of the water.
No, it sounds like no progressive on this one either.
You've got to be kidding me. No, I swear I read an article that said they had it.
I'm sure some listener is going to email us one way or the other.
You know what, you shouldn't be using your video game system as a DVD player anyway.
Well, some of us are cheap.
You know what, you can go to Sam's Club and pay $50 and get a DVD player that will do everything you need it to do.
you need it to do. And finally, with every video game system launch, there's always going
to be a campaign to put Linux on it. That's right! Free60, the Free60 project, is aiming
to put Linux, such as Darwin, on the Xbox 360 and they've gathered lots of useful, detailed
information surrounding inner workings of the 360. For example, apparently the Xbox
360 is secured down by the following a flash that's encrypted with a per box key and then
they have this key stored inside the CPU and yada yada yada basically they're figuring
out how this thing works i've said from the start putting a game on the hard drive with
the 360 is a dumb idea because you're just gonna be able to reverse engineer that and
voila homebrew so um you know although i've kind of made fun of the people that install
Linux on systems in the past. Honestly, I do get the point of this when it comes to
the Xbox 360, because it does open the door to all this neat homebrew stuff. It's when
you try to install Linux on like a toaster and a Billy Bass that I kind of go, what?
Hey, it's been done! Or a Speak and Spell, I know it's been done.
It's like, you know, come on. What is the practical, I mean, what are you going to run
on a Billy Bass? No, somebody just did that because they could. Anyway. Anyways. Dark
Sucker you have a story for us about Harry Potter
Yes, cuz I actually just saw the movie this week. I so happy I decided to see rent instead actually
And I do want to see Harry Potter, but I I want it. I'm thinking of that song. I want America
I want the kids to be good
You know and I couldn't help but think about that the whole time. I was watching though
I I'm gonna get hate mail over this I hated red. I thought it was awful
I just I was the whole time I was sitting there going get a job get a job
I still want to see it or get AIDS
Moving on this supposed to be a retailing. What was the blah blah him? Yeah
Yeah, but then they never mind. I don't okay back to game
How do you put that?
Electronic arts released a one-level demo for the movie tie-in for Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire and it's available for download
I
Actually, I'm not sure if it's on EA site. I know that they have a link to it from a Eurogamer
So I would suggest go there click on the article about the Harry Potter demo and give it a download because it's supposed to be
pretty cool I
saw it for like
Half a minute at e3 and I was like that looks kind of neat
I did I did play like Harry Potter DS for like two seconds
And I just knew that you I did the little spell thing with the stylus and I thought that was kind of funny
So, I don't know. I
I don't buy a lot of the movie tie-ins unless it's really good, like Street Fighter II,
the movie, the game.
Just kidding.
That sucked.
I have that on my maim.
It's bad.
You know, I think I have that somewhere in a box for Saturn.
I'm sorry.
It's awful.
I think we bought it because it was a dollar.
Let's go over to ye olde mailbag, and I'm sure we've got plenty of emails.
Dark Soccer's gotta catch us up tonight.
If you want to send us an email to go at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is a place to send an email.
The Lovely Dark Soccer will read your email and make fun of your grammar.
Well, I do that anyway.
I do that for free.
What do we got?
Well, just a couple more articles sent to us by our friend Rob, who is not you.
One about the PS3 pricing.
I actually read through this article.
It's a bit long to cover for the podcast.
I briefly read the article and it was on a CNN money actually and I think they
retracted the statement too. I think I heard about that they retracted that a little later so
don't believe anything you hear until like E3. This is fairly recent but they were
talking about with the DVD formats the different high-definition formats being
supported by Sony and Microsoft bringing back sort of like the old Betamax VHS
war goody-goody beta max was better by the way stupid VHS we actually did sort
of have a conversation via email I'm thinking that the price of the Xbox is
definitely gonna drop after the release of the ps3 oh it has to 60 it has to
yeah it's only the next office gonna make any money on it also he sent a wrap
I lost the email I apologize um I actually did also get a notice from him
about skeeball licensed for the mobile phone like skeeball like throwing the
ball and landing it in the Rings yeah why would you play this on your mobile
phone why would you play bejeweled on your mobile why why would you play
bowling on your mobile phone or golf I guess whatever okay now this one had me
all excited Sega launches new operations arm
Sega is back in the amusement game operations business and they plan to grow that part of
their empire by building on the purchase of Gameworks, which has now re-emerged from bankruptcy
protection.
I'm very glad to hear someone still gives a shit about the arcades, honestly, this is
great news.
Well Sega has always kicked ass in the arcades, and to touch on the skee-ball thing, the only
reason why that game sucks is because your phone doesn't spit out tickets.
There's a quote in here saying the asset purchase of Gameworks, a premier location-based entertainment
destination, provides a platform for Sega to lead the amusement and facilities market
domestically.
They're actually focusing on the U.S. market.
Another quote in here, blending Japanese culture with American creativity has resulted in some
of the most compelling, innovative, and popular products in the world.
SEUI also has the added advantage of tapping Sega's manufacturing expertise, all to deliver
consumers an unparalleled entertainment experience what else we got also got
more email from actually one of our fellow podcasters all right be black
wolf oh that guy he's got a good show I just talking about uh I have to find
email and we don't do it for a couple ways to get disorganized it's actually
is mentioning I think I mentioned it on their three-hour show about him
listening to our podcast while playing on the Xbox 360 I thought that's pretty
cool. Oh right on. But yeah you can get your iPod to work through the Xbox 360
while you're playing any game. That was pretty cool. Very cool thank you. Yes you
can actually if a game has you know a crap soundtrack you can listen to
whatever you want to. Awesome. I was gonna plug his website but I suddenly lost the
URL but I know it's it's in our web links section on our website orange
on his radio.com so check it out it's it's cool wait I got it I got the here
it is it's a games.com thank you all games.com slash podcast how did you beat
me to that is that email you suck all right I'll get so close my guess check
it out he talks about a lot of the same stuff we do and not that it's the same
thing it's just you know we have similar interests so that makes them cool the
very last one I mentioned this before ragnaville sort of a portal for all free
servers for Ragnarok online. The information is all up on the guy's site. Mark emailed
me. So you'd want to go to www.ragnaville.com. Check it out.
Huh. And gravity hasn't done anything about this?
I haven't heard of gravity doing anything about it.
Do they just not care anymore because they got Ragnarok 2 on the horizon? Which, by the
way, you showed me that demo, or that, not the demo, the movie of Ragnarok 2. That looks
pretty hot.
That will get me totally off World of Warcraft when Ragnarok 2 comes out.
I gotta say, Ragnarok 2 looked pretty hot. Gravity doesn't...
Maybe they can't do anything because they're overseas. I don't know, that's kind of interesting.
Well, the thing is that IRO was actually played out of
California, actually. Weird. Because I
decided to look up their Better Business Bureau stats for a while. Oh yeah, when
all that crap was going down. Maybe that's why everybody went underground.
I don't think that there's any you know upon further review
I don't think there's any major problem with listing the free servers out there because it's technically not
Hosting the servers. Okay. Yeah
No
Again, though that could get some of those servers in trouble if they use that if you know
Whoever the legal ones in charge use that as their portal to find these people. I
Understand the right draw community is a very tight one and a very rabid one and it's cool
And you know, I I think it's kind of neat when especially when people are like trying to mod the game and do different things
With it, but you know, just just be careful guys. Just make sure just make sure you're in all your checks and balances legally
We don't want to see you get busted. Have fun. Have fun
Make sure your copy doesn't have that pyrite virus and gravity a dollar, you know, they did write it send them a dollar at least
Alright, so that's it for email
to go at orange on radio commie if you want to send us some more we love getting email I
I wanted to mention real quickly about Suikoden 5, they're gonna get a special
edition Suikoden 5 in Japan. Of course they always get special editions in
Japan don't they? This is Konami's kind of answer to the Final Fantasy series.
Some people will say it's better, who knows? It's really a matter of opinion.
It's gonna come with a 200 page book with character illustrations because of
course the kind of niche of Suikoden is that you have like a hundred different
Like what is 101 and some games 108 and others playable characters, but 108 it's 108 stars
I forget that's like the big catch this week. Oh, they're also gonna have an arranged soundtrack
Written musical scores art in the book and everything fold out cardboard art board. It's gonna be great
So check that out so he couldn't
Will they do the same thing in the u.s.
Probably likely probably not but right Konami tell them you want it. You never know what might happen
Loki, you got anything else for us?
Yeah, I got a few thanks.
First off, I was going to mention that Australia is actually getting the Australian Game Developers Conference 2005, Developing Dreams.
The fifth edition of the Developers and Publishers Matchmaking Business Convention will take place on December 5th, 6th, and 7th.
7th and we'll be back to some French and basically they're gonna have tons of
publisher sounds like kind of their version of e3 so to speak including all
the big names you know Nintendo's Sega and Sony etc oh good I'm glad they're
getting a little love down there in Australia with all that so that's good I
hope I hope some of our listeners down there get to go to that yeah should be
pretty cool um let's see other things coming out of the woodwork of course um
looks like that a patent joystick found a patent for their virtual emulation for
these old systems and one of the thing that was kind of interesting for it as
that you select your character before you select your game which is that could
be very interesting playing different characters in different games running
around as Mario and Zelda or something who did this this is actually a patent
joystick found it on the US patent. Who owns the patent? Nintendo. Oh, Nintendo, ok. So
this is supposedly what they're going to be using for the revolution, which is quite interesting.
So you could play other characters in the game, well that would be nothing but a simple
sprite mod for a lot of those old games, so that would be kind of interesting. Yeah, so
it should be interesting. Let's see how that comes about. Also, it was announced that Sony
going to be debuting the PS3 at Consumer Electronics Show 2006, which should be interesting.
Maybe they'll debut when they're releasing the price as well.
That would be nice. Some more specs on it would be nice to hear.
Yeah, seriously.
We'll see.
DarkSakura, you have some release dates for some stuff coming up.
I sure do. I have our December release dates for the UK. We have just a grip of Xbox 360
360 games coming out, including Condemned, Call of Duty 2, Gun, Cameo, Madden NFL, yay,
Need for Speed, Miss One, A Perfect Dark Zero, King Kong, Project Gotham Racing 3.
Other games coming out, we have Psychonauts, Ski Racing 2006, Rugby Challenge 2006, Tiger
Woods PGA Tour 2006, Tony Hawk's American Wasteland, Frantics, and also Bubble Bobble
revolution for the ds cool yep and amps 3 i haven't even heard of
bubble bubble revolution is that something we're getting here in the us
i think so dude i want that i don't care if it sucks it's bubble
bubble do you know anything about the release
dates december for the us loki anything big uh for december yeah
there's nothing coming out in december the biggest things for december of
course you've got final fantasy 4 which is going to be
coming out in about two weeks or so. Animal Crossing Wild World is going to be coming
out for the DS. You've got Super Mario Strikers for those people that like those Mario sports
games. Let's see what else. You've also got a bunch of PSP games actually. You've got
WWE vs. Smackdown 06 coming out for the PSP. As well, of course, Dead or Alive 4 is coming
out for the 360 which will be really good and then some more niche stuff
Tokobots coming out for the PSP as well as there's some other stuff oh of course
the biggest game of the month would be gauntlet seven sorrows and that's pretty
much it there's actually another game coming out on December 14th um darwinia
for down it will be available for download for 1995 is this u.s. or UK or
both actually it says $19.95 in dollars so it's American very cool they are
actually saying though that soon after it's released there will be a
multiplayer version on the way now what is that winning all about because I'm
not very familiar with this one I didn't have too much time to look into it but I
think it's more of a virtual universe one of our somebody brought this up one
of our listeners okay I remember this I remember this okay great cool
sounds good what's the website for that do we know I just closed that's right
actually if you go to I think the company that makes it is called steam
okay so if you I guess we're just google it I'm sure Darwinia uh Loki I noticed
you have this up on the screen right now this is kind of PSP related I'm really
curious about this is this the Namco volume 2 collection Namco battle
collection volume 2 on which has been announced as 11 original games and 12 or
are two arranged games and basically the list of games we've got a king and balloon, boscania,
bosconian, azevious, mappy, the tower of uraga. How many fucking times do we need to see mappy
though seriously? Mappy's been in every Namco collection since the dawn of time. Mappy's
cool and all, but seriously, I'm done with Mappy. There's one game I'm disappointed that's
not in there. What's that? Legend of Valkyrie. Hmm, let's see, Grubda, looks like that's
in there, Dragon Buster, we've got Dig Dug 2, Motos. Dig Dug 2, by the way, highly underrated.
I actually like Dig Dug 2. I don't know why more people don't. Motos, Rolling Thunder,
Dragon Spirit, and then for the ranged games, we have Pac-Man Arrangement Plus, with a giant
plus sign there so looks like another version of Pac-man and modus arrangement which I've
never played before.
Why did they arrange modus?
I don't know.
Is there a modus fan club I'm unaware of?
But anyways.
Why did they arrange?
Oh I guess they did arrange Digdy.
It's slated for the Japanese market in February 23, 2006.
It's actually going to be priced at only 3,990 yen and a lot cheaper than most of the original
game, which was 5,040 yen, and the Japanese release is not yet scheduled, but probably
will be soon after.
And I'm sure we'll get it.
Oh, I'm sure we will.
But there might be different games in ours, because there was in the Japanese one, too.
But they also got the little restricted symbol over in Japan, too, with bonus games on the
old, they didn't have a five-disc set, they had a six-disc Namco set for the PlayStation
But I didn't get to play Legend of the Valkyrie until I got the HuCard for the PC Engine.
Wow.
I want to do one quick story here on Guitar Hero.
You know this game, Guitar Hero, it's a music game that's really turning some heads just
because of its real powerhouse song list and just kind of really great control.
And of course, I think most of us gave a favorable review on this game on the earlier podcast.
It's pretty cool even if you're not really into music games.
This is interesting because Guitar Hero is actually going to be featured on MTV, which
shouldn't be too much of a surprise because you see the MTV logo when you boot up the
game.
However, they're going to really be whoring out Guitar Hero on MTV on the cable, including
MTV, MTV2, the MTV University channel, and MTV.com.
This is a partnership between MTV Games and Red Octane.
the first time rock music is not in the background but instead it is the game
quote there from a CEO red octane well you know who their other partnership is
with right well harmonics Gibson guitars over that too yeah every I because if
you actually look through your unlocks every guitar in that game is a Gibson
guitar down to their classics speaking of MTV I find this very interesting they
are really pushing to get more game-oriented content recently not only
did they pick this up but they they bought game trailers calm they have
yeah assimilated it into its MTV cube or whatever you want to call it it's
nice a load even slower now it's unique this will join the collective all right
um of course you can't play video games all day long because if you played video
games all day long you'd have no time to go out and live a rock-and-roll lifestyle
So to remind you that there is a world out there outside of video games, Dark
Sakura is here to present you her advice column. Some life tips to just remind you
that there's a whole world out there. Go explore it. Dark Sakura, what are you
giving us tips on tonight? Today's tip is how to ram the barricade. Oh, like if you're
running away from the cops or something? Sort of. Okay, cool. If you're trying to break into somebody's yard.
Oh, okay, cool. Number one, identify the barricade's weakest point. Either the
barricade or gate that opens, or the place where a lock holds it closed, is usually the
most vulnerable spot.
2.
Aim for the weak spot.
If possible, use the rear of your car to ram the weak spot in the barricades.
Ramming the front end may damage the engine and cause the car to stall.
Unless you hit the rear wheel drive, I have an engine in the back, like a VW, but anyway
I digress.
3.
Accelerate to a speed of 30-45 miles an hour.
Duck just before impact if you are heading toward an extremely tall barricade or fence.
Pieces of the barricade may come through your window, or the window may shatter.
But my final piece of advice, don't go ramming, you know, don't try to go ram your way into
the Neverland Ranch, because Michael Jackson is so not worth it.
Wha wha wha, Loki!
Any closing stories for us tonight, because we're about ready to wrap it up?
A few things, unfortunately Australia will not be seeing the 360 until March 2nd.
Hopefully then they won't overheat.
Yeah, honestly, Australia, I know you're pissed about this, but maybe the consoles will be
a little more fine-tuned by the time you get them.
If you need a reason why they hate Best Buy even more, apparently it's been shown that
on numerous occasions, and this is not surprising one bit, they've been lying about how many
Xboxes they're getting and employees have been pocketing them and selling them on eBay.
Oh, snap.
That is dirty.
is dirty I thought I thought it was pretty you know I understand the need to
get you know the game system to your employees as well but I always thought
it was kind of shady when too many of them are going to the employees you
really gotta you know don't if there's somebody working for you that just comes
in on the weekends you know do they really get that same priority that the
maybe the manager of the store has I don't know kind of interesting I don't
know I didn't happen to actually see some of the face plates that they have
for the 360, ugly. That's all I gotta say. Should not be spending extra money on face
plates. Well, there were some cool ones that we talked
about on a previous podcast, like if you're a Star Wars fan and all that. I remember that
from a previous show. Yeah, okay. Well, it comes down to this,
folks. If you really want a different face plate, there are websites out there, I believe
Xbox 360 skins or something like that, you can actually design your own. Have it the
way you want it. They have some really cool ones on that site.
I thought about doing that and don't get ahead of me now.
One of the things I thought was pretty cool that they were showing is the development
team for the Xbox 360 have gotten their own special edition version of the Xbox, which
is pretty bad ass.
They've got concept art as well as just some different green highlights on the controller,
which is pretty cool.
So I wonder how long before we see that on eBay.
And then my favorite thing, which I was just checking this out, basically they're going
to say that Animal Crossing DS is going to be an extremely well selling game.
They're saying they might actually outsell Nintendogs.
And so far they've indicated that they've pre-sold 300,000 units, which beats out Nintendogs
by almost double.
You know, um, Mario Kart DS also, and I don't think this came up in any other story, but
Mario Kart had a great first week.
They say that, like, 41% of people that own Mario Kart DS went online with it in the first
week as compared to 18% went online with Halo 2.
And speaking of Nintendogs, they've already sold one million in Europe.
Wow.
One million copies.
That's big.
And I haven't fed my puppies in a month.
Me neither.
My doggies are long dead.
I am so done with that game.
Yeah.
game everybody should check out which is coming out this week Mario and Luigi
partners in time oh that's good now that's kind of the Mario Super Saga 2
yeah that's cool that game was fun that's a good time so maybe if I can take
a break from playing Dragon Quest I'll check that out all right one last story
for you guys tonight and then we'll wrap it up a study by the Entertainment
Software Association says that 31% of Americans plan to engage in a game
exchange this year meaning that somebody's got a game on their Christmas
list so it might not just be the hardcore gamers out there it sounds like
a lot of people out there want to get their hands on a game they're saying 49
percent of homes with children aged 12 to 17 will give or get a game this year
only 43 percent when we're talking kids under 12 and 22 percent in a home without
children which I think is still a pretty big number there so gaming is definitely
making a bigger and bigger step in our culture here so all right and finally
oh I had the last day oh I mine one last one damn it listen I'm done this is it
the last one better be family media guide has released their list of the 10
most ultraviolet video games that you would want not to buy and this is oh in
In other words, these 10 games on my Christmas list, go for it.
Resident Evil 4, Grand Theft Auto San Andreas, God of War, NARC, Killer7, The Warriors, 50
Cent and Bulletproof, Crime Life Gang Wars, Condemned Criminal Origins, and True Crime
New York City, most of which I own.
So why is there a picture of a Clockwork Orange on there?
Because I guess they're telling you not to do so.
I don't know.
I don't know why they...
Not to drop acid and make a movie.
Satan would be behind something like that. Okay, I'm done. Yeah, you better be. Final
thought. Loki, you're first. I hope I get my 360 this week. My final thought is I'm
really sorry for the sound problems tonight. This microphone sucks. That's all I can say.
We're going to use our $25 gift card to get a new one. I'm very excited. DarkSakura, your
final thought? Hack, hack, cough, cough, reject false icons. That's going to do it for another
week of orange lounge radio to go and join us next week and thank you for
listening and spread the word about orange lounge radio we always appreciate
the help see you next time that's the end of another orange lounge radio to go
edition this podcast is a proud part of www.orange lounge radio.com see you next
Thanks for watching, and have a nice update!
