🎵Music🎵
You
Thunder, rain and lightning, danger of water rising
Lammasight, wailing in the train's last line
The shadows of dark creatures, steel clouds floating in the air
People lost their shelter
What's gonna happen to us?
All the steps we take, all the moves we make, all the pain and pain
I see the chaos through everyone
Who are we? What can we do?
Doing all the same
You ain't it?
We have our own style that we won't change
You're the man with the evil in life now
There is no way I could lose
Can't hold on much longer
I will never let go
I know it's a one way track
Tell me now how long this will last
I'm not gonna think this way
Or will I count on others
Close my eyes and feel it burn
Now I see what I'm gonna do
Open your heart, it's gonna be alright
Ancient city blazing
Shadows keep attacking
Little children crying
Confusion, hopeless anger
I don't know what it could be, but you drive me crazy
All your cunning tricks make me sick
You won't pound it your own way
Can't hold on much longer
But I will never let go
I know it's a one-way track
Tell me now how long this will last
I'm not gonna think this way
Or will I count on others
Close my eyes and feel the burn
Now I see what I've got to do
Open your heart and you will see
If it won't stop, there will be no future for us
It's all said and done, but all the hate got set free
I know it's a one way track, tell me now how long this will last
Close my eyes and feel the burn
Now I see what I gotta do
Gotta open your heart too
Can't hold on much longer
I will never let go
I know it's a one way track
Tell me now how long this will last
I'm not gonna think this way
Or will I count on others
Close my eyes and feel the burn
Now I see what I'm gonna do
Open your heart, it's gonna be all right, yeah!
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're listening to Orange Man Radium Live.
Big Mommies talk radio, I don't know how much more.
Oh God!
Heh heh heh heh heh, call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com
And now here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live and this is episode number 132 for this February the 20th of 2005.
tuned in to the B money scenes most homely station of all things the money
my name is Rob Roberts view I know me as sky and yes I'm fussing with the volume
levels as we speak sorry about that the volume levels were a little off when we
started tonight I'm sorry about that our whole pre-show was kind of quiet nobody
said anything my bad oh well joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts in
this corner the happiest bunny on the farm say hello to dark Sakura aka Jamie
I'm caffeinated today. God, that's loud.
Wow, your mic is loud today!
That's... yeah, that's too loud for me.
That's a first! Dang, I wonder if we had to turn it up last week, because somebody else was there last week, so...
I don't see how... I hate something echoey.
Yeah, that is kind of weird. I wonder what's going on with that. We'll, uh, change that.
La la la la la la la.
That's weird. Okay, well, yeah, that is kind of weird. She sounds echoey.
Turn down her gain a little bit. I think it's just her gain's up.
Game?
Stop it.
Um, okay.
Well, say hello to Tech Master Loki while we're at it, I guess.
Hi, I'm fixing stuff. I can't tell what the microphone is.
In beautiful Orange Launch fashion. Can't tell which wire is which in this place.
I don't know what someone moved.
all of them tell it changes I don't know oh wait here we go I think this is it
there you go it does sound echo yo well I don't know
but now it sounds it sounds better now I'm speaking with an echo then apparently
I'm an orange at orange orange chef say hello also to frequent guests of our
program. She's here again tonight. Say hello to DDR Angel.
Hello.
Um...
I just gave something to Rob, and all of a sudden he goes, ooh! And I just completely lost my train of thought. Wonderful!
DDR Angel knows how to kiss some ass around here. She's brought me a bunch of Pepsi
bottle caps that have the iTunes songs on them, because she knows I'm like one of the
only people that actually uses iTunes, and actually purchases songs legally through
iTunes. So she's giving me
Free songs!
I'm so excited.
And then she's also brought me candy.
That is the best way to my heart.
Music and candy.
I have meat and caffeine.
Well, that works for you.
Meat and caffeine.
And I'm music and candy.
What would Loki be?
Blood guts.
Maybe.
And porn.
And cooking, because that's what he's doing right now.
In fact, he's got our webcam in the kitchen.
What the hell?
orangelawnsradio.com
figured what the hell I'll bring another old-school game next weekend to
showcase you know that'll work I'll bring like the SNES and play punch-out
awesome actually we broke out the ps1 today because we found that Dan's been
playing tempest X all day that's awesome as in the kind of crappy version of
tempest 2000 tempest is tempest my friend although tempest 2000 on the jack
was the best. Not on the Saturn. Tempest on the Jag was the only game worth getting a
Jag for. What about Defender 2000? Blah. No there was another, it was Alien vs. Predator.
I guess so, I guess so. That's about the only Alien vs. Predator thing worth even remotely
wasting your time with. The arcade game? Any arcade game, but not the movie. That was my
point not the movie anyway yeah we're here for the next three hours you know
to talk about you know stuff how was your week how was your day and all your
favorite segments cage match and maybe some Bahmani news too and if we've run
out of Bahmani stuff I guess we'll talk about other video game stuff because
we're dorks we're gonna start off this break with a potpourri of Bahmani music
there is no theme this break we're just gonna play whatever the hell we want
And we'll start it off with a song I want to hear, Shiny Disco Balls.
We'll be back after this with more Orange Launch Radio, episode 132.
thanks for tuning in
You
music
music
music
music
music
Just like a fool, I'm in the dark side
Got a full staff, and I'm fighting myself now
I'm in the dark side
Not do it, not do it, not do it
Not do it, not do it, not do it
Fool, I'm in the dark side
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because Bongo demands it!
We are back here with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello boys and girls on this happy 220-2005.
That's a lot of twos and a lot of zeros.
Yeah.
Uh, I don't know.
I'm out of clever things to say.
There's a lot of zeros in the world.
Oh, you're not so echoey anymore.
Your echo went away.
Yeah, but I'm still sniffy.
I know there's been like disease going around. No, it's called someone decided to clean the upstairs room while I was in it. Okay
Yeah, and there was like a thick layer of dust. Yeah, it's pretty bad. All right. Well, you know it needed doing
I'm just was upset at the time. I'm a scared of moving out of this place
You know, the orange launch radio is studio is moving in April
So hopefully you'll have less of a drive to get to the orange launch studio Jamie
me. Hopefully. Because the Orange Laundry Studios are moving and I fear what this place
is going to look like when we move everything. Probably going to find God knows what behind
all this stuff, but that's part of the joy in moving is finding these rare treasures.
You're looking very studio-like today with your headphones on. Am I? Thank you. It's
too bad they can't see it on the webcam, but that's alright. We don't need the webcam.
What's with the headphones today? Actually, I usually wear these headphones. You probably
can't notice it because my hair is usually bigger and so it kind of hides
the headphones because my hair is so huge but since I got a haircut you can't
see the headphones so well. That's right you weren't here last week because I got
my hair cut just before last week's show. So speaking of last week we'll start off
tonight's show by asking how was your week how was your day Dark Sacra? I don't
even remember what I did last weekend. I know I had to do something. Oh yeah it
it was celebrating Valentine's Day. I'm so bad. Didn't you say the man was listening
tonight too? Yeah, I am. Whoops! Whoops! Um, seriously though, we went to Claim Jumper
for dinner, and ate like everything in sight, and I had chocolate cream cheese pie. I wish
I was in a relationship so I could go to Claim Jumper. You could go to Claim Jumper anyway.
I know, but maybe somebody else would pay for it. I could just put out and get it paid
for it. Hold up a little piece of a box. We'll give special favors for Claim Jumper. Exactly.
It's worth it, too. I'm not a whore. Claim Jumper's worth it. I got one of the favorite
things, whatever they call it, and I had the potato cakes and everything, and I had, it's
like a half a chicken, and I took the rest of the chicken home. I like the leg. I was
and they gave me a free cup of soup. Dan got like, for his appetizer, he got like a chili
in the bread bowl. And I'm sitting here with my little cup of soup going, huh, soup. I'm
sitting there staring at his bowl and eating part of it and it's like, there's no point
you should be sitting there staring at his food here, have another cup. I was like, thank
you, you get a good sip.
Aw, that's nice. Claim Jumper has the best potato cheddar soup in the world, in the world.
It has pieces of, uh, of, uh, slightly overcooked, uh, potato skin in it.
Yeah.
Because it's crunchy.
For those who don't know what claims number is, because they don't have it everywhere, I think they only have it-
I think it's only in California.
Well, I think there- it's in other states too, but mostly on the West Coast, I'm not sure, but I know they don't have it everywhere,
but basically it's- it's this giant log cabin themed restaurant, but the portions are like, they kill the buffalo out back and put it on your plate.
I mean, seriously. This is how big it is.
I didn't really do anything too Bimani-related. I played some Silent Hill 3.
Silent Hill 4 is sorta, eh, creepy. Just sort of annoying creepy.
Silent Hill 3 starts off like, shit your pants creepy.
I screamed like a girl at one part of Silent Hill 4. It's a different kind of scare, I think.
Silent Hill 3, dude. I only got as far as the first part of it, the dream part.
But it was like, you know what, the Uzi in that game is so ridiculously not useful.
I was like, ooh, a handgun, shoot the dog.
Well, that's always the weird thing about Silent Hill is you don't, you can't really kill things.
I mean, you can, but it's more, and that's kind of what really bugged me about Silent Hill when I first played it, too,
because it's such a different type of game.
And it's like, you know, my instinct when I play a video game is to kill everything.
But in Silent Hill, you don't have enough ammo to kill everything.
to kill everything. You have to be all Metal Gear Solid about it and you have to sneak
by zombies and just run like hell. But that is so not the way I usually play adventure
games. I want to explore every little corner. I want to kill everything because it might
drop something I need. But that's not the same mindset you can approach a downhill game.
I wasn't spoiling shit. Stop saying I spoiled anything.
Don't listen to that Sharon.
Anyway, Dan bought me roses.
I came home from work the other day, and they were roses.
Wait, now I believe, and I could find this, too,
in an earlier podcast.
You said something to, I remember
in one of the podcasts, you said,
I don't need roses, not flowery girl shit.
My man buys me Silent Hill.
Well, I'm really not very girly girly
when it comes to relationships.
But every so often, I want something sweet.
I have to have my dose of sugar in the relationship,
else I start you know getting lethargic you know without something to keep my I
guess relationship blood sugar up or something you can't use Splenda for that
no Splenda so he came home and gave me this box it's really long box I'm
thinking oh well it's got like a poster in it or something and there were
there's a dozen pink roses in it oh I know I feel all spoiled and special you
are spoiled that's all right thank you but if you weren't spoiled you wouldn't
bring that same charm to the show I don't think now you would you'd be
charming either way shut up Rob you can stop shutting up now okay hi hi but
that's that's really it we've been going through the old system stuff I found
Dan found my copy of cotton for the PC engine duo so I have this feeling that
tomorrow I'm gonna be breaking out the turbo graphics and playing a lot of
cotton which is it's they came out actually on the Neo Geo pocket color in
the States I think but it's a game where you play as the little witch riding her
broom and she's addicted this candy that makes her throw up called willow it's
funny and then she goes WEE-LAW! So, anyway, I'm done. Yay. Alright, Angel, how was your
week? How was your day? Monday was... Monday. Yeah. I got chocolate and stuff. Is that new?
Yes, that's new. He's pointing at my neck. Angel's got a heart around her neck. It's
a little gold heart. I wonder where that came from. Hee hee. Tee hee, tee hee. Yeah, Magus's
fall alright it's all good
um...
geez I don't remember what really happened this week
aside from that and then you know school and work and stuff and
and Rob's looking at his caps and playing with them
yeah actually
yeah he's got a couple songs to get now yay
and uh...
by the way I drank way too much soda this week for that
so like
you know
Contrary to popular belief, as much as I like people to do things for me, you don't have to drink all that Pepsi to win me free songs. Seriously, moderation, honey, it's okay. I'll just take what you have extra. It's all good.
Who said it was all regular soda?
Still, still. Water's good too. You can do the water once in a while.
Of course. Anyway, um, god, not much went on really. I mean, I played some games but not much. Oh yeah, and then the internet went out, dammit. Two days later, um, two days later and some, uh, phone calls. We finally have internet back, so that's good. And, um, I don't know what else happened this week. It just went by way too quick.
week.
Alright, then I guess you're done.
Well, Loki looks like he's cooking, so I guess I'll talk about my week.
My Valentine's Day, now I'm the single bitch in here.
Everybody else is in a relationship.
I'm the single bitch.
That's fine.
I'm okay with that.
Hey, hey.
I said he's lollipops.
Alright.
You did, but for Valentine's Day, actually one of my buddies had a little cook-over thing.
Like he cooked dinner for a bunch of single people.
He had like a singles dinner, which I think is really nice.
That's a very good idea.
It was very nice and very sweet, so I was happy that he did that.
So he gave me something to do on Valentine's Day where I didn't feel lonely.
And I didn't even have to put out, and I didn't have to buy flowers for anybody.
So it was great.
So I got steak on Valentine's Day.
How great is that?
I got homemade steak on Valentine's Day.
It's awesome.
So...
Because beef is love.
Seriously, it is.
I know you perverts, not that kind of meat, meat.
Bastards.
Let's see, what else did I do this week?
I played a lot of WarioWare Touched, because I bought it on the DS on Tuesday, the day
it came out.
Because, you know, I was all excited for a new WarioWare game.
And there was a side of me where I was kind of like, what if they do the Nintendo thing
and just recycle the same garbage again, I have to play the same damn minigames.
But they're all new and that made me so happy, so I'll gush about that more on this week's
podcast.
definitely check that out if you haven't yet. Orioware is awesome. I'm very happy
with it. There are some downsides to it though, so I'll talk about it later. And then
I was doing a little bit of retro gaming too as well. I've been playing a little
more of the emulator. I don't know why I've been getting so back into that
lately. I think it's because like I've been trying to spend a little more
gaming time with things other than Final Fantasy 11, although I've been playing
that a little bit too. I actually went on Xbox Live for the first time in like two
months, and so I found these people that were adding me as friends, and they
probably had wondered if I thought the face of the earth or what but I finally
added him back so hi and I decided to play Halo 2 online and I got killed so
so bad I came in last place and like seventh place which is next last place
and like twice as many kills as I did that is how sad it was I was just not
meant to play Halo or any first-person shooter for that matter I don't think
otherwise what did I end up doing in real life last night I went out to the
casino and I lost $60 but you know that's okay because I'm gonna win it all
back next time I'm gonna win it all back and I went to the buffet biggest buffets
are awesome and you know when I went out to lunch with an old friend of mine
today I went out to lunch with Julie today and she was saying you know when
people say that they're going to the casino to go to the buffet that's just
codes that's just code words for gambling and I'm like yeah sadly it is
I go before the buffet.
I only gambled a dollar.
But you gambled.
That's because I was bored. I was waiting for you to lose your seventy.
Well you know what sucks is that I lost sixty dollars in like fifteen minutes.
My buddy's playing pie gal poker, which I'd never heard of in my life, but I learned how to play by watching him.
And he was there for like forty-five minutes and lost nine dollars. Nine.
I lose sixty in a third of the time.
Life sucks.
I do. The chat room is saying you suck at gambling. I do suck at gambling. I'm just, I should stop. I really need to stop.
But it's so addicting.
Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
He's getting his food finished up before he can talk on the microphone here.
Is that still on cam? www.OrangeLoungeRadio.com? Our amazing Orange Lounge kitchen?
Actually, we can't hear you, bud. Turn on the mic.
Yes, it has a shot of the empty walk at the moment, which will be full.
Well, had a cold this week, that sucked.
I saw Constantine, that was pretty good.
Played lots of Final Fantasy, that was pretty cool.
And then, to top it all off, in the final nail in the coffin, my power supply goes out of my computer.
That sucked.
and so yeah so pretty much today was I was being very lethargic just like slept
for 10 hours got up ate some waffles watched ghosts in the shell two
innocents I actually watched one of my movies I got surprisingly enough and
then slept for another three hours or I don't even know it slept for an hour or
so I don't know why and now because I just realized I haven't had any actual
protein in my body for a while and I kind of feel faint so I had to cook food
and that's that was my week. When was the last time you ate? This morning I had
waffles. Oh yeah waffles but no protein. No protein and waffles. Unfortunately not
there's... Just waffle goodness. Waffle and Aunt Jemima. No protein and Aunt Jemima
either or her syrup anyway. No her syrup has no protein in it. It's not very
tangy either. Antimima might have protein in her though, but...anyway. Oh, and then
we have another person who's knocking on the door, so... It's explicit! You know that knocker's
just for decorative purposes, actually. Dude, I just found a neat link on somebody's picture.
Alright, I'm done. Tell us about it. Alright, thanks, Logie. The Online Entomology Dictionary.
That's pretty cool. And I guess just because I'm the only real nerd here that only I really
would find that to be a cool thing well our listeners might be nerdy too you
never know I'll link it in the chat room alright explicit since you just walked
in why not tell us about your week in your day this week was been good and bad
been busy throughout the whole time doing nothing but homework of course I'm
taking like 15 units of class and I have two jobs so pretty hectic hey I heard
I heard you ran into Magus this week in the arcade.
Uh, what the hell?
At school.
A.R.C., you guys are playing Initial D or something?
I don't play Initial D.
This Dead Air was brought to you by a DDR Angel story.
Hey, that's what I heard.
Okay, whatever.
Let's see, I did not get a chance to go to that tournament this Saturday.
Oh yeah, that's right, there was another DDR tournament I didn't go to.
I heard about it though. I heard about what happened at the tournament though.
Ooh, what happened, Drama?
Well, there's some good and bad stuff. Good was, it was a decent tournament and stuff, as far as I'm hearing.
They've actually broadcasted a commercial for Marsh Madness.
They did a commercial, like a little... No, no, they did like an intermission.
Oh, okay. To talk about, um, March Madness 2K3
with a combination of freestyle... March Madness 2003?
I think... 2005, sorry. I think...
Oh damn, I think we're a couple years late. I think we missed it.
Sorry. That's alright. Anyways. What are they having it this year? March Madness always... Milpitas.
Milpitas. But, uh, but, but, okay, now to go to the bad part of this...
Wait, they had a Milpitas last year, didn't they?
Yeah.
I thought it was supposed to move around.
But now they're going to the bad part about the whole tournament.
Ooh, yay, drama, drama.
According to what I've been hearing, the manager, Paul, in Milpitas Golf...
Wait a minute, before you finish that sentence,
the views and opinions expressed by Explicit are strictly his own and not those of Orange Law's Radio. Finish.
Okay, what the...
Okay, the manager in Milpitas Golf Land screwed the pads over.
I heard there's people who are getting 10 misses in a song, or 12, there was no full
combo throughout the whole tournament.
Awesome.
That's how bad the freaking pads were.
Which also concerns me about Martial Madness 2K5, if the same result would happen again.
Are they going to do DDR Idol in March Madness 2K5?
Not this time. They're doing Freestyle Revolution Plus.
No. Hey. No. As in Mike. No. You listening?
I want DDR Idol. Now. Do it. Do it. Do it. Thank you.
I'm not the one organizing it.
I know. That's why I'm just putting out that special message.
Do they have people in the Speed of Two or the one in April?
The upcoming Sacramento tournament in April.
We need another DDR Idol.
Oh, speaking of tournament in April, somebody is actually in the process of organizing a tournament at that month in Sacramento.
And it's not you?
Not me.
Oh, wow. Who's doing it?
A friend of mine named DJ Aero. He's on the forums.
Okay.
Yeah, he wanted to go through the process of tournament organizing and stuff.
Good luck! Good luck, kid!
Have fun!
It's not an easy path, but I have faith in him.
No, it's really not easy.
If he puts the time and effort into it, it'll be a good tourney. I don't doubt.
Remember when we did tourneys, Janie? Did I say Janie?
Yep. And this is as long as people can accept criticism without taking it personally?
Sorry. I know, I know, I know. That was an issue back then, but...
That was an issue a few weeks ago.
Yeah, but there was a lot of heat and drama. There was like so much heat and drama at the time that I hope that it does not happen in July.
Yeah, I made mistakes. I admit I made mistakes, but I admit my mistakes and learn from it and hopefully it doesn't happen.
Good for you that you can admit that we've all made mistakes.
A lot of things went through a tournament organizing itself. There's always going to be a conflict, an unexpected conflict that you may not be able to do, because it could be the pad issue, but sometimes the place may restrict you from doing certain things.
I say next time there's a clause written into the contract that says
or you know the the gaming thing that says if the pads break down during the
tournament
the tournament will instantly become a whack-a-mole competition and we'll just all play
whack-a-mole
because whack-a-mole is awesome. Well if there isn't really a big pad error on one side you can try
doing it
on the other. Unless if both sides are messed up.
That's what happened at our first SACO tourney is that one of the
sides was screwing up, so we ended up having to do PA all on one side, which, you know,
it made things go a little longer, but at the same time, we were on schedule, I think,
this was years ago, but I think it ended up being on schedule anyway, so we weren't too
bad, but it was just kind of a bummer that that had to happen, you know, but, crap happens.
It happens.
But if both pads, like I said, if both pads don't function, then you can't really run
tournament or just or I don't even know what's gonna happen right there
what does the Milpitas have like 50 machines DER machines they can use?
unfortunately it's under Paul or MGL's management manager itself it means this
is what the reason why I mean hearing why did they not switch the pads the
intergroove pads which is almost in good condition I don't like anyone plays in the
groove I heard according to what I'm hearing from the sources I'm hearing
In The Group makes a lot more money than DDR in Milpitas.
Well, I'm not surprised, because there's no new DDR game.
And the fact that they did not use the In The Group pads for that tournament makes me wonder what happened.
I mean, they're extreme in 4th plus with the messed up pads, so...
But anyways, let's move on. Sorry if I...
No, that's alright. Don't listen to the chat room. Don't listen to the chat room.
Here you go, Jamie. Here's some Advil.
Or you can watch Willy Cook.
We can learn from tournament drama.
Is anybody going to E3? I want to.
I know that Jamie and Matt are, but I have to do the business stuff for Orange Lounge still,
which I need to get up off my ass and do this week.
But I want to go. Why? Why are you asking?
a group of people going to E3 and stuff, if possible.
I'll be at E3, but I'm going with DDRFreak.
Yeah, I'll be at E3, but, I mean, I have no- I'm too early to plan.
Hey, who never knows? Who knows if the tickets will cost more, like, later on? I'm not really sure.
Well, you can pay to get in if you got a couple hundred bucks sitting around, but, you know, you're supposed to
get the hookup by having some game companies.
I know like, I know like places like Gamestop, EB, and various other gaming companies, or as long as you have an access to like a gaming, or any interest of gaming itself.
I had friends that went under EB Games and Gamestop, I've seen that.
I know about, I know people too, as well, so.
Well, we'll see.
You can even say that you have a website dedicated to games, even though you don't have it.
Now, now wait a minute, wait a minute. It is kind of hard to get in on a website, trust me, I know from experience,
because we have a problem proving Orange Lounge Radio is a legit gaming thing, even though, God, we promote the hell out of certain video games,
and our podcast is more popular than what we're doing here right now, so, you know, and it's listened to by quite a few people, but we're still, we're still just a hobby, I guess.
Hmm.
I don't know.
Because I don't know if someone I knew who had a fake website and went into E3 for some, somehow.
If you know who did, if you know what to do, I guess it's possible.
But I don't, I'm not good with that stuff, like bargaining and dealing my way in, so.
Hmm.
Alright. Well anyway, what we're going to do is we're going to go to a break, we're going to come back,
and then we're going to talk about some more Bomani news, I guess, if we have any to talk about this week.
something. And all your favorite Orange Lounge Radio segments when we come back after this
little break featuring another mix of various songs from various CDR mixes. We'll be back.
listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
To be or to be on my side
Yeah
Every time I lose my self-control It feels like I can't let you go
I'm at the point of no return You don't ever wanna come back down
I'm not so high up on the ground
This feeling I will always do
Do, do, do, do, do
Getting away
I'm flying
I'm gonna head for paradise
Nothing to say
I'm climbing
I wanna stay right here tonight
And now, let's listen in to an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of
the new programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bomani Music & More program,
can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except of course the subject that was just under discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play
on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki? The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
Orange Lounge Radio, where everybody has a say.
where everybody has a say.
just be ready for that you want more information on getting in on the
skyline www.orangelandtrader.com click on interact with us hey while you're on
our website check out the podcast which by the way has been taken off quite a
little bit of popularity it looks like so I'm very excited about that we've
been downloaded a lot of time so it's a good time the podcast is a good time and
you can take that show with with you uh everywhere you go and it's not the same
it's not the rehashed crap we do here it's it's new crap so enjoy that how you
What are you doing over there, DarkSakura? You good?
I'm a little sniffy again.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear it.
Alright, before we get into what's going on with the match game,
I thought we could talk about what's going on in the Bamani world,
and a little bit of maybe the general gaming world as well.
Loki, you heard something about what's going on with DDR.
Apparently, there is a new DDR game out in arcades.
But don't get excited just yet, kids.
Yeah, it's another bootleg.
Okay, well, give us some detail.
Okay. Well.
Coming to a Namco arcade near you. Yes, Namco.
Such proprietors as, um, the DDR Megamix and all the other shitty bootlegs that Namco buys.
Um. Go Namco.
Namco didn't make them. They just bought them.
No, they buy them. They dumb enough to buy them, like, four times, okay?
Anyways. So, they are stocking... I see there's...
...hundreds of these things.
coming out to an arcade near you and it's basically a PlayStation 2 inside of
cabinet with some special hardware and it's running I kid you not the DDR
extreme the US version so you've got that running in there and well it sucks
the pads aren't even normal pads they're just the shitty internet or like the
the ones you can get off of eBay, so they break really quick. It's just shit. That's
all that needs to be said. So basically, is it the same, it's just DDR
Extreme on PS2? It's running straight off of PS2.
How does that work with the quarters and all the different modes and stuff?
You can actually buy stuff, they have them like for Dreamcast and stuff like that. You
can actually get where it has a whole quarter system and it'll lock the game out. I don't
really know how that would work though as far as you know allowing you to push
start and I think might be have something to do with pushing start the
start button er and that's how it works I'm not really sure to be honest how but
I've seen him out there they do exist but yeah there's been pictures circling
around the internet and it's literally a ps2 inside of a cabinet I was trying to
find more information on this over on freak or something I'm having our time
finding the thread I know I saw something was it it was that where was
that maybe I'll have to check this out it does it do the song speed up thing
that the last one did because remember the last bootleg would like speed the
song up by 20% it was supposed to be this great new challenge no no no this
isn't even this is just a PlayStation 2 running DDR extreme the US version does
Does it have the webcam? With the itoy type interface.
Does it actually have an itoy hooked up? Nope.
That's lame. And the thing is, I think people are trying to push it off as like DDR 9th mix or whatever.
It's pretty lame.
Okay, I found that post. It's over here on aaroninjapan.com if you want to check this out.
It's called Namco, once again outdoes itself in stupidity, posted by WinDoo, WinDoe, I
think it's supposed to be WinDoe, D-E-U, 32.
Hey kids, it's the new DDR mix, no, not Megamix, no, not even Extreme Plus.
This time, we're really lower the bar by putting the PS2, US Extreme, and the 2A DDR cabinet.
Not only that, but we've also changed the pads.
They're now Cobalt Flux wannabes, included with sheet metal on metal contact, but with
a springy, cushiony feel to them.
Now the layout.
When you insert a coin, a big ugly number appears at the bottom center of the screen.
The thing looks like it came straight out of Atari.
Now when you insert enough coins for a credit and press start, you go to the main menu of
the game.
You can't select anything though, it just goes straight into game mode.
Here you have the option of selecting single, versus, or double, regardless of how many
credits you put in.
If you go to versus with one credit, you are stuck at the character selection screen until
you put another credit to activate the other side.
Time goes for double, only you can actually go into the song select screen and pick a
song.
However, one of the sides will not be active at all.
On to the gameplay.
If you've ever played DDR Extreme US CS or DDR Festival, you know what to expect.
Anyway you pick the song, but what's this?
No mod menu?
That's right, no possible way to get into the modifier menu.
All you can really do is pick your difficulty.
I've noticed though messing around that you can hit the left right select buttons in place
of the left right arrows. So if an L.R. jump freeze is coming up, no problem! Step off
the pad and hit both the buttons at the same time. I've also noticed that if you're holding
a freeze and hit the start button, the freeze drops, even though you're still on the arrow.
Also if you're playing single player, a credit is in the machine, and someone decides to
press the other side's start button during song select, then bam! Instant verses, also
known as the third mix effect. And of course, if you're one song away from your completing
your set and suddenly decide to play non-stop or challenge, no problem. Remember, in Extreme
US Consumer, you can go into non-stop challenge even on your final song. And hey, if you really
want to piss people off, go for the 20-song custom-ony course. With a possible 22 songs
per game, there's no way you can lose. Well, actually, you've already lost if you've put
your money into this piece of shit. That post again coming from window32 at erininjapan.com.
Thank you for letting me plagiarize your post without any information.
So as my theory went, it is pretty much, you know, you have to put in so many credits, and after a while, it will let you use the start button.
That's why you can't get into the mods, because the mods use the start button.
And obviously it's wired for the, you know, select screen and stuff, that's why the left and right work on that.
So yeah, it's just a hack job.
refresh my memory here for a little bit
isn't there some type of disclaimer
when you boot up the art stream u s it says something about
this game is licensed for personal and home use only
uh... any
so come on
every every game has that have a wife the f b i warning
i don't everything
and i don't like it
use within the united
states or whatever
or north america
however that works
I've already sent an email to Konami, and I'm sure other people have too.
Wait a minute. You sent an email to Konami to tell on them?
Did you tell? Are you a tattletale?
I just wanted to see what they'd say.
Did they reply?
Yeah, they did.
They said they were forwarding it to their...
Because I did...
It was to Konami of Hawaii, and they were forwarding it to Konami of America or somewhere.
I don't know, some other Konami division.
Because Konami's got like 50 different divisions and we can't tell.
They're all Konami to us.
Yeah.
Alright, interesting.
This is the same day that I also wrote the email to PETA.
Loki's been a big tattletale this week.
What is that website, savetoby.com?
There's this website where they're threatening to kill a bunny,
and I was joking in Loki's live journal.
I said, ha ha, you should send that to PETA.
I bet they'd have a field day with it.
So he did.
He sent it to them, and they wrote back this huge old email that said,
that said people like to play pranks on the internet and that's just sick I
thought it was funny I hate PETA I so hate them but I just wanted to see that
website get shut down because because he's making lots of money like 15 grand
off of it so far explicit your thoughts on this
Oh, your thoughts on that?
What the fuck?
DDR WTF mix. First we have
the 20% speed up DDR Extreme Plus, and now we have
this type of crap that doesn't even work at all.
But, oh my gods, you can play
Go West in the arcade and everything, and your reign.
own work, so what's the point? If the pads are going to be broken within the next day,
would there be an actual point of playing the game?
Oh, it looks like, actually I'm getting a private message from one of our buddies in
chat and he's actually sending me a link to a picture that shows you can actually get
the modifiers in this crappy game. Let me post this picture, I hope they don't mind,
but I'm gonna post it in our chat room and so you can take a look at that you
actually can access the modifiers in this somehow looks like somebody figured
it out so yeah you know how they did it huh they said they like stomped on a
bunch of the buttons up up down down left right left right maybe no but maybe
they have some video maybe maybe what they're trying to do is just inspire the
they're getting their inspiration from the old mixes of DDR remember back when
They're trying to make a buck off Namco. Honestly, I could take a shit in a box, put it in a DDR cabinet and sell it to Namco and they'd fucking buy it, because they're retarded.
No, left down... Remember when left down right down left was little? LITTLE!
You know, honestly, um, I should, you know, just create some stupid mix right now with stepmania and cellotone. I can make money, because they're gonna buy it. I'll say, it's DDR9 mix.
And wouldn't that be ironic if Konami came after you because somebody tattled on you, just like you tattled on these guys?
Well, obviously they haven't come after these people since they keep making them.
Speaking of selling in StepMania...
Yes, explicit. Speaking of selling in StepMania...
Speaking of that, does anybody remember about some guy in eBay selling an actual bootlegged CD of StepMania and saying DDR complete?
You can sell SetMania. You can. It's in the license agreement. You just can't include songs with it.
Yeah, and one of the songs says Banner.png.
On first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and et cetera, et cetera.
So, what happened with this on eBay? Did something happen, or are we just talking...
Six people bought it. Six people actually bought it. For ten bucks.
the average Joe gamer doesn't know though the average parent trying to find
that sees DDR on Good Morning America and wants to get it for their kids
doesn't know crap about
these people are just preying off the week
okay does not include any of the MP3's
to the way the way everything is organized
in terms of folder wise you get
highs off you in 6th, 7th and 8th mix so you have duplicates of the same song
It's like those 64-in-1 Taiwanese bootlegs that used to be able to get for the NES.
Exactly. Just like those, but much worse.
Where it would have Contra in it eight times, but maybe the player was a different color.
I bought that for my friend for Christmas.
Hehehe, sad. Where the zapper gun looked like a normal gun. And the controller was an old
Nintendo 64 controller that had the analog stick glued in there. And then the other controller
was a Genesis controller that they wired up. It's funny because after Christmas or whatever,
They never came back to their kiosk in the mall, they're gone.
I'm surprised people don't put this show up on eBay.
We'll sue your ass.
No we won't.
Would anybody buy- we should put copies of the show on eBay and see what happens.
I'm gonna buy them.
Anyway.
Of course we're probably violating all sorts of copyright laws by doing that, but hey.
What's going on in the sim scene right now, Loki? Anything going on in the sim scene?
Even though all the sites are down?
Um...
No.
Really, I don't think there's anything going on.
I can't confirm that since my computer's broken, but uh...
The last thing I remember from the DDR sim scene was last week with uh...
What was that, Max? Max Vagina, yes.
That's about, that's the creme de la creme of the, uh, sim scene there, so uh, Max Vagina.
Hmm, yeah.
On that note, I think we're going to go to another break.
When we come back, boys and girls, we're going to get into tonight's Match Game!
Yay! And after the match game, we're going to do the cage match and all those other segments you've come to know and love here on Orange Lounge Radio.
So we will be back after this. In this break, hmm, how about we're going to do some Smile DK to start it off, because we haven't played Smile DK in a while.
We'll be back after this.
No more ringing on my phone
No, just by and night I found your letter
Maybe you don't love me anymore
Foolish me, thinking we will last forever
Dancing all alone, singing tambidos
Listening to the music from the radio, oh
Dancing all alone, singing tambidos
We're sending them together with my room
E-O-E-O, E-O-E-O, E-O-E-O
And I feel lonely, I can't handle it, oh
E-O-E-O, E-O-E-O
When I feel lonely, I can only love, oh
Like the time
You're very hard, you look like a young fella
Take me overnight
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Shake it like a bubble
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Back in the water
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Pushing all the buttons
More
Time
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Ay-ay-ay-ay
Boom, boom, boom, boom
Hi Ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
I actually have a prize for our winner tonight.
Oh, you have a prize? Not with me, but I will send it to them.
I have a Resident Evil 4 music sampler.
Very cool! An actual prize! And I have like an ESPN Sports one too if they want like a whole pack of them.
So tonight you don't get hung up on if you win or you get, you know, your
window closed, I suppose, if you're the chat room contestant. You win an
actual prize. Amazing. Also the winner, going to the winner will be the company
UbiSoft. Wow, okay. Alright, that's awesome. I have to see if I, I don't have my match
game theme music anymore and I don't have Loki's computer to leech it from, so I suppose
we'll have to fill in with our listless music tonight. Or I could just cough from the microphone.
That would be a lovely way to do it. Alright.
How about we just play Genocide, and that'll be the uh, match game music.
Alright, we have to get a caller on the Skype line, so we're gonna open this up to the very first person to call us on the Skype line right now!
First person to call us on the Skype line gets to play match game against our unknown contestant in the chat room, currently, because I haven't said who it is yet.
And, we'll get a chance to win a Resident Evil 4 music sampler! Awesome.
How is Resident Evil 4? I haven't really played it yet.
I haven't really played it yet.
I've seen it, and it looks very rad.
It's very good.
It's practically, if you're one of the casual games, it's probably one of the best, or by far the best Resident Evil out there.
Wow.
More dogs jumping through windows than you can ever imagine.
I mean, it's like an actual 3D game rather than just a slight, like a camera view that was in 1, 2, and 3.
You actually get to see everything.
Nobody's calling in right now.
Yeah, what demo bass is?
Well, you know, we got that buffer, so it kind of makes things difficult,
because we have a slight delay between the time I say,
call now, and the time that they actually hear me say, call now.
So...
So, so, well you know what else is interesting is that a lot of our regulars who call in
on the Skypliner are not here tonight, which is kind of weird.
I don't know, what is going on tonight?
What makes tonight so special?
Three day weekend.
Oh, I don't have a three day weekend.
Why do these people get a three day weekend?
Some of us work for a bank.
Guess who doesn't have to work tomorrow?
Me.
Wow, you'd think by giving away a prize we'd have more people calling in.
Fuck the Skype line, just have them do it through this charity.
Well we have people that are in chat going, oh I've played before so I can't play again.
Sure you can play again!
Who cares?
We actually have a prize to give away tonight.
makes everybody eligible anyway all right if nobody calls in the fursuit
because I know we've got a ton of people who are in chat because we have quite a
few people in chat tonight but they just aren't on the skype line because you
know you have to download skype and then you have to set it up and dah dah dah dah dah
I'll just sit here and wait. We'll just sit here for the next two hours and I'll just
wait. We can do that. Tick tock, tick tock. Wow. How stupid do we look right now?
I see Paris Hilton's gonna be in a new horror movie coming up and it's called The Wax House.
It looks decent, except Paris Hilton's in it and she doesn't get naked probably.
I have something to add to that that you could probably make fun of.
I heard her sidekick got hacked. Her T-Mobile sidekick got hacked.
How does that work?
We will um be doing Paris Hilton chat until somebody calls in the skype line
So I suggest let me start downloading it fucking car already
She did off Skype in if I know wait. No, I can't make fears down. Oh
My god, you guys did you see the simple life this week?
Oh my god was so funny you guys Paris Hilton was so funny on the simple life this week
You know when she said, you know that one part when she said that's hot. I was so hot. Oh my god
I love the civil life working at a more guy here, and you know and with her in the dead bodies
And that was so creepy like oh my God, and then you totally needed to have a makeover
She's like so my idol like I just want to be her one these days
I wish I could be so rich and have all those clothes and the shoes. Oh my God
Oh my god, did you see that episode where they were at the airport and they had to be
the airport people and they were like waving and it was like they were dancing and they
were just playing around and then they had to empty the poo out of the plane as punishment.
It was so funny.
And Paris Hilton was so funny.
then the poo fell on them and then she's like wow I haven't done this since last
year usually they pay extra the shit on me
sorry I was just about I was just about to spit seven up through my nose there
then that one time where she was working in fast-food joint and she's like wow
there's more cock in here than I've ever seen and it was funny because this oh
we're getting a call we're getting a call ha ha ha here on Orange Lounge
radio oh yes guys in here hi Ziggy you have you have saved everybody from Paris
Hilton chat and now we can finally play match game all right oh yeah oh great go
Now the skype line is lighting up with calls. I've got like four people hammering in all at once now.
You ever hear that saying, you snooze, you lose? Well, apply it.
You automatically win my eternal gratefulness. You have my gratitude forever.
And the ferret loves you too.
And I love the ferrets too, thank you.
Okay, finally. You wanna know who you're playing against tonight, Ziggy?
Uh, go ahead.
Now you're playing for Resident Evil 4 sampler CD. Isn't that exciting?
Uh, even though I don't play Silent Hill 4.
Well, it's Resident Evil 4, so that's alright.
Resident Evil 4!
There's no way in hell I'm ever getting rid of my Silent Hill 4 sampler.
I'm a kid!
Oh, whatever.
Think you just lost right there. I think I am lost
All right
All right, you're gonna play against MPQ in our chat room tonight
All right, MPQ is gonna bring it. He was the guy who got our trivia question, right? Wait, hold on. Hold on, huh?
Okay, I feel better. All right
let's uh
Let's get into tonight's match game. You know how the match game works, right?
Yeah.
Alright, we're going to ask you a question, and it has a blank in it.
And then your job is to fill in the blank, and for every celebrity in the chatroom,
or I'm sorry, every celebrity in the studio that you match, you get a point.
But here's the thing, I'm going to be asking for an answer from MPQ as well.
And for every answer that he matches, he gets a point.
And he might walk away with that Resident Evil 4 sampler.
So, don't let him do that, or you'll never understand the difference between Resident Evil and Silent Hill.
Alright?
Okay, repeat after me, Siggy.
Resident Evil.
Resident Evil, yeah, I got everything.
Capcom.
Yeah, I know.
Silent Hill.
Konami.
Konami, there you go.
I know, I know.
Good.
Yo, yo, turn down the Nitrous Oxide.
Maybe we should send them a box of notebooks too.
Wait, what?
Maybe we should send them an Enterprise.
Maybe. We'll see. We'll see if he's worthy.
He sends you a rawhide bone.
Let's see how he does.
All right, here we go. First question. You guys ready?
All right, here it is.
Rob, hey, that's me, was all excited to start a brand new blogger this week
all about his video game addictions.
The staff and regulars of Orange Lounge Radio, though, were shocked
when they visited the blog to find that the first entry wasn't about games at all,
but about blank.
OK, don't answer just yet, Siggy. We're going to let the celebrities have a chance to answer.
Orange Lounge Radio staff was surprised to visit the blogger to find that it wasn't about video games at all, but the first entry was all about blank.
Everybody's writing down.
Okay, MPQ's locked in an answer.
Jamie's dinged in.
Magic came to heaven, love has got me breathing, love has got me breathing.
Tell me what the feeling is, come on let's hear it.
I got it!
Alright.
How you doing, Explicit? Got an answer?
Staff and regulars of Warren's Lounge though were shocked when they visited the blog to find that the
first entry wasn't about games at all but about blank.
Angel, you got one?
Still thinking. Angel's still thinking.
Alright.
Just the first thing that comes to your mind, Angel.
Rob was all excited to start a brand new blogger this week all about his video game addictions.
the staff and regulars of Orange Launch Radio though were shocked when they
visited the blog to find that the first entry wasn't about games at all but
about blank. Okay okay it looks like she's written something down explicit
you good to go to? That it is it just go with your gut instinct all right all
right Siggy here we go your answer please the staff and regulars of Orange
Random Prawn!
Boobies is not a match with Ham or Random Prawn.
Explicit.
Gay porn.
Gay porn, I do believe that would be a match with Siggy.
So one point for Siggy, zero for MPQ.
Loki.
Shocked to find it was all about Paris Hilton
in her wonderful shoes.
Paris Hilton.
Not a match.
Sorry.
Angel.
You're going to give me a look from the mouth.
I said Kylie. All about Kylie.
Very good answer but not a match, sorry. My answer was
it was all about how he needed a date.
This is the part where you feel pity.
Thank you. Okay. Alright, thank you. Alright! That's enough.
Alright. Alright, so Siggy's up by a point.
Here we go. Question number two. It's MPQ's chance to catch up here.
Loki was very sad. Oh,
Where's my music? Where's my music? Thank you.
Loki was very sad that his computer broke down.
It seemed like the power supply just didn't want to cooperate anymore.
He tried to fix it himself but couldn't, so he had his friend look at the PC
who explained moments after opening it that,
well, Loki, maybe it wouldn't have broken down so fast if you hadn't downloaded so much
blank.
Well, Loki, maybe it wouldn't have broke if you hadn't downloaded so much blank.
Very funny, illusion.
Very funny.
I see our chat room there, huh?
Yeah.
Hey, laughter is my life, you know.
Isn't this great? When you call in the skype line to the show, the chat room feels the need to make fun of you, as well as the rest of us here in the studio.
Beautiful.
One more time, I'll read this for the folks still thinking.
Well, Loki was very sad that his computer broke down.
It seemed like the power supply just didn't want to cooperate anymore.
He tried to fix it himself, but couldn't.
So he had his friend look at the PC who explained moments after opening it that,
Well, Loki, maybe it wouldn't have broken down so fast if you hadn't downloaded so much blank.
All right.
I'm still waiting on the answer from MPQ as well.
Oh no, there it is.
Alright.
How you guys doing? We ready?
Looks like Angel's ready.
Alright, everybody else is ready. And I think...
Alright, we got MPQ's answer too.
Alright, here we go.
This time we'll go with MPQ first.
MPQ says, well Loki, maybe it wouldn't have broken down so fast if you hadn't downloaded so much...
Porn! Porn. Going for the obvious one there. Alright, Siggy.
It wouldn't have broken down so fast if you hadn't downloaded so much.
StepMania Sim Files. StepMania Sim Files.
Oh, good answer. Good answer. Let's see. Jamie,
wouldn't have broken so fast if you hadn't downloaded so much. Actually, I have to make this grammatically
correct.
So many. Final Fantasy XI porn patches.
Final Fantasy XI porn patches. I don't know, is that a point for MPQ?
Half a point. Half a point for MPQ! Yeah, look at that, there's so many of those online.
Half a point for MPQ. Alright. So half, half a point to one point.
Explicit! It would have broken down so fast if you hadn't download so much...
So much hacking shit. So much hacking shit!
Not a match, sorry guys. Loukey! It would have broken down so fast if you wouldn't have downloaded so much...
Dust, because there's so much fucking dust in that case.
Dust! If you hadn't downloaded so much dust!
That's the only way I can figure it out, man. That case is dirty.
All right, Angel. It wouldn't have broken so fast if you hadn't downloaded so many...
Remixes of girls.
Remixes of girls.
Good answer.
Good answer. Not a match.
And I said, it wouldn't have broken so fast if you hadn't downloaded so many crappy remixes of Max 300.
Now, now, Max Vagina has its special place in everyone's heart.
All right, MPQ has half a point, Siggy has one point. It all comes down to this question.
One point for MPQ could win it if Siggy doesn't get any. So we will see. And it's good he
got half a point because this way we're not going to have a tie unless we get a half a
point on this next one. But we'll see. And we've had a question about me, a question
about Loki, so you know who this next one's about.
Sure me.
Dark Sakura decided that she was going to head out to RVGL
to play some DER.
Unfortunately, the pads were broken.
And even more unfortunately for the parents and children
present, they were shocked to hear Dark Sakura call
the RVGL pads a blank.
They were shocked to hear Dark Sakura call the Roseville Golf
What's the plan, Pads? A blank.
You can play with the grammar on that one a little bit if you need to. We'll make this a little harder. You can play with the grammar.
So, she called the RVGL Pads blank, or she called them a blank.
Alright.
You know, if we go this year, we need to go see if the price is right.
I know, I know.
He isn't going to be living much longer, I mean, that hair can't turn much whiter.
It's going to be transparent soon.
They were shocked to hear DarkSakura call the RVGL pads a blank.
Nothing, I'm just laughing at one of the answers.
Alright, everybody ready in the studio?
Yes?
Alright, here we go.
This is the last question.
This is going to determine who walks away with a Resident Evil 4 music sampler.
Dark Sakura decided that she was going to head out to RVGL and play some DDR.
Unfortunately, the paths were broken and even more unfortunately, for the parents and children
present, they were shocked to hear Dark Sakura call the RVGL pads A, Siggy?
Piece of shit pad. Piece of shit pad. Not a piece of shit car, but a piece of shit
pad. MPQ's answer says, was shocked to hear Dark Sakura call the
Roseville Golf Land pads A, and I quote, fucking fuck shit fucker. So we will see,
piece of shit pad and fucking fuck shit fucker. Dark Sakura, your
Your answer, please.
The metallic equivalent of fetid, regurgitated dog shit.
Wow.
Because they were all too stupid to know what fetid means.
Not a match.
Explicit, your answer.
A motherfucking bitch.
A motherfucking bitch.
It's kind of close, but I'm not going to count it as a match.
Sorry.
Loki.
Called them a?
The lose.
The lose.
They are talloos.
Alright.
Angel, call the pads A.
Let's just say she dropped the C-bomb.
She dropped the C-bomb.
But I don't.
Rhymes with punt or shunt.
I couldn't think of anything else.
To quote Bette Midler, it starts with a C. It ends with a T and it spells cunt.
Now that would have been a good answer.
That's a direct quote.
Here it is. It all comes down to this.
If MPQ matches me on this one, he's walking away with a CD.
If nobody matches me or Siggy matches it,
Siggy's walking away with that CD. They were shocked to hear Dark Sakura called
the Roseville Golf Land pads
a sorrier time than staying at home watching the Paris Hilton porn,
making Siggy our winner by a half-point.
So if you want the CD, send me an email, or actually PM me your address and I will mail it to you.
No, no. Watching the Paris Hilton video is not that sorry of a time. It is rather entertaining.
So Siggy, you're our winner, and you're going to win that Resident Evil 4 sampler, and you know what?
I'm actually kind of glad you won it, because now you'll be able to tell the difference between Resident Evil and Silent Hill.
So, thanks for playing! Any victory speech you want to give?
Well, not much, but I got some latest.
Oh, sure. Oh, some actual news on this show?
Yup.
The hell? Alright, what's up? What's up, Ziggy?
Meet me at GDX9 Style CS. It has been confirmed that number 13 by Taka, respect for JSB, is going to be included on the song list.
That song is, that song is, like, frickin' hard, too.
Yeah.
Ooh.
Interesting.
How about, uh, 2DX Red?
Any, um...
Well, nothing much on 2DX Red.
Hmm.
Well, I'd like to see, cause if there were some Red unlocks in 8 style, then maybe they'd
be nice enough to put something...
The last unlocked one was for the, uh, Scorpion Fire.
Oh, okay.
Well.
All right, well, how about, do we know anything else about consumer tracks for 9 style yet?
Cause that's what I'm curious about.
Well, that's the only one confirmed, number 13.
Well, that's something. But we've already heard number 13. We know that song.
Yeah.
Even if you don't, I will play number 13 in a future break.
And, just for the record, Siggy, before we let you go, any response to the chatroom?
They're teasing you on your laugh. Do you have anything you want to say in response to that?
Well, I don't care what these people say. I just like to laugh the way I want to.
That's, you preach on. Don't give a crap what our chatroom says. We sure don't, alright?
Yeah. Oh, by the way, the song A and AA, they're actually pronounced as Ace and Double Ace.
Ace and Double Ace. Oh, like a deck of cards, Ace and Double Ace. I get it.
I like A and AA. Screw that. I'm gonna call it A and AA.
Remember, EDR is the thirteenth step.
Or A and A.
Ah!
Alright, thanks for the call, Siggy. Congratulations on your win.
Email, you got Jamie's email, right?
Yeah, yeah, I'll just send a private message.
Okay, he'll send a private message.
Yeah, I'm in the chatroom right now.
Alright. Sounds good!
Alright.
Congratulations, man.
Thank you, Sky!
No problem, good job. Bye.
Actually, to be accurate, according to Dennis, Larry Nyquil is the thirteenth step.
When I hear the word ace, I can't help but think of...
of, um, what was that, Wild Zero? Or whatever?
What?
Or, not Wild Zero, um, that stupid zombie movie. Remember?
I have no idea what you're talking about right now.
That was Wild Zero.
Yeah, it was Wild Zero.
I got you the soundtrack, the record for that.
Ace!
I do remember that, I have that still.
Who was that, Guitar Wolf?
Guitar Wolf, that was it.
Ace!
Okay, I'm lost. That's alright.
Every time I hear Ace, I start thinking of this line from Red Dwarf.
Your nickname was never Ace, maybe Acehole.
You're an Acehole.
I don't know if anybody in here watched a lot of Red Dwarf, but Remor always called himself Ace.
Finally, Lister told him off and said that his nickname was Acehole.
Alright. Um, we're gonna go to break, and in this break we're gonna hear, I just, I will play some number 13, and we'll play some Ace as well, or as I like to say it, Ahh! Ahh!
So we'll play that, and then we're gonna do the, um, cage match when we come back, and, uh, I, I do wanna talk about one non-Baumani piece of video game news, even though it's not the podcast,
There's just something that went in the news this week that is just too damn
funny for us not to pass up. And especially with this many of us that
play MMORPGs. So you know we're gonna talk about this. I'll teach you with that.
We'll be back after this with more Orange Launch Radio.
I hope you enjoyed this video.
If you did, please subscribe to my channel.
You
We are back here on Orange Lawn's radio, and Jamie's spreading the inside joke love.
here in the studio this is an old joke from under sedation live I know you know
wasn't that reunion show supposed to happen like soon it's this eventually
okay but um this was back when mint skittles came out right and Travis was
joking about the making mint scattles to make your but be minty fresh yes okay
and I made a label you actually made the label and photo or paint shop pro I'm
sorry I forgot you're not a Photoshop girl I have to use Photoshop and I hate
it okay anyway we are back here on orange we are gonna get into the cage
match rather shortly but I had to talk about this story that came up because
it's just too dang good and it's actually something that was posted to
our website earlier this week so if you stay on top of our website you've
already read this but if you don't we're gonna read it again basically it has to
do with ever quest to now I know that that's an MMORPG that none of us play
We're mostly Final Fantasy XI addicts. Maybe, maybe some of us have dabbled in
the World of Warcraft. I know Jamie was big on Ragnarok. I was too for a little
while. So some various ones. EverQuest isn't one we've really touched, but it is
a big one. It's a big one. I know people are really into EverQuest. Well, they're
gonna add a new command line feature into EverQuest 2. You know how you can
slash say, slash, you know, fight. You type in the little command slash whatever. Well
they're putting a new one into EverQuest 2. It's called slash pizza and if you type
slash pizza it'll actually open up a little web browser right on top of your
EverQuest 2 screen and take it directly to Pizza Hut.com where you can order a
pizza and have it delivered right to your home so that you can play EverQuest
all night long. That's fucking sad. This is exactly why I wanted to bring this up
What the fuck?
No.
Because if I'm hungry, I can go into the kitchen and cook some food.
If I wanted to go out to eat, my ass would log out and go out to eat.
eat. Because guess what? There's real people out in the world.
But you've had pizza delivered to you before, right? Maybe once in a while?
Yeah, but not like because I was too lazy to log my ass off the damn game and go get it.
Right, you order pizza because, you know, you want...
I was too lazy to go get away from my movie and go get it.
Exactly, exactly. The sad thing is, I know people
that will use, I would probably use this quite a bit if they
this in Final Fantasy XI, but at the same time, that would probably be the point where
I'd have to say, oh my god, Rob, look at yourself, should I be happy if we had a Pizza Hut near
us? That's true, we don't even have a Pizza Hut in town. The pizza place closest to my
house is actually Round Table. Well, right, so even if they built this in Final Fantasy
We wouldn't be able to use it if we could only pay for those pizzas in Gil
That's the next thing we're moving to what if you could pay for the pizza using the online game currency
How sad would that be?
Or like if you order the pizza, then your character gets like, you know a vitality up or something
Maximum hit points have increased because you ordered Pizza Hut. Is this where advertising is going?
I mean, order Taco Bell and receive Bio Effect.
No, and if you like, order from Del Taco, you get the Dia one.
You mean diarrhea? Is that what's okay?
Alright, order anything ho-
Order anything hot so as to cast fire.
Actually, Ferraga, sorry.
Your ass begins casting fire on Little Goblin.
Wow, that's amazing.
What other slash features do you think-
First slash pizza, what's next?
Slash blowjob? Get a hooker?
You get a hooker to come to your house and have sex with you because nobody else will because you play EverQuest all day?
No, you'd order an in-game prostitute.
So I would like to just, I would just like to kind of humor that question. What other type of slash features would you like to see in EverQuest?
Yeah, this might make a good list list later on. We'll have to see.
I think a good one would be slash exercise, where when you type it in, the game shuts down, and your computer shuts off, and it won't let you turn it on for 50 minutes.
So you have to go out and exercise.
Yes, yes, you can see my computer has gone into that feature right now.
Apparently you typed it in earlier, Loki.
So that they would make the muscles contract and expand to the point that it gets tired
out as though you had exercised it, and that's all that that ab thing is.
So it just makes you feel like you've exercised it?
Sort of.
It's just to wear out the muscles to the point it would relax, because for me it was hitting
the nerve.
That sounds painful.
It's not.
I could never put one of those things on.
It's light electricity.
But they also do that for patients who have to keep the muscles from atrophy.
Isn't that like how Spider-Man became Spider-Man?
No, you got bit by a damn radioactive spider.
Well, radioactive spider, radioactive ab belt, same thing.
It's not radioactive, it's electricity.
Close enough.
Alright.
I guess we'll get into the Orange Lawns Radio Cage Match since all those jokes are dead and gone now.
I agree with Elmo. There needs to be a slash slash.
Except they said, for me, what are you implying? That I can't write my own erotic stories offline? Please.
please. Alright, let's get into tonight's cage match boys and girls. The way the cage
match works, you have to be in our chat room if you want to participate. www.orangeloungeradio.com
click on chat and you can participate. The way the Orange Lounge Radio cage match works,
we put three songs in for your listening pleasure or displeasure, whatever the case may be,
and uh... you vote for your favorite and the winning song goes in a rotation all
week long on orange lounge radio's bamani music and more program which
plays twenty four hours a day
seven days a week on this station when we're not doing something live
right so last week in the orange lounge radio cage match
this song won for the second time in a row so it's going for its third win this
week we shall see
uh... you only get to hear a clip of it though because you've already heard it
before
so here it is a clip of song number one that you can vote for tonight
Freezepop, you know the band from Amplitude and all that stuff, Freezepop was Stakeout.
I want you in my bed from far away, I've checked you out
Can't wait to see me
I'm on a shake out
I'm on a shake out
I'm on a shake out
I've got a plan in mind for you I'm waiting till the time is right
I know that you like what I do No need to put up a fight
Watching you from far away, you look so sweet and clueless
Soon I'll move in on my prey, it's time for me to do this
Watching and waiting
The feeling you're feeling
Live in my time
Yeah, I know that you're soon to be mine
Soon to be mine
Can't let you see me
I'm on a stakeout
I'm on a stakeout
Alright, that's our returning champion, Freezepop, with Stake Out. It is up against two new songs
this week, starting off with a song that Jamie picked, and it actually looks like one I've
heard before, but not in this. I don't remember the name of the song, I just picked it. It's
the filter in Crystal Method, and I don't remember the name of the song. It's called
can't you trip like I do yes yes and it was actually a popular song several
years ago but we'll see on soundtrack it was on the spawn soundtrack that's right
I didn't know that I just like the song that's all right there's hey there's
nothing hey I put a top boy I put Gwen Stefani in and it ended up getting
retired there's nothing wrong with putting a popular song in. Who swore they
picked this song as a cadence like way earlier. No you picked a crystal
you picked crystal method before but never for this one. Who the hell cares
anyway we can't remember it it doesn't matter. That's right if we don't remember then it
Alright, here it is. Song number two, tonight's cage match, Filter and Crystal Method. Can't you trip like I do?
I got the peace of mind of a killer soul I got the rationale of a New York cop
I got the patience of a chopping block, yeah Just like I do
I'm a nerd, I'm a nerd
Just like I do
I'm a nerd
I've got the acumen, I don't know
But season will grow
I've got the black or stay
Of a billion souls
I got the world down my back, but I don't seem to care
I got the comprehension of the world, but where, yeah
Just like I do
Just like I do
Just like I do
Just like I do
Can't do, can't do, trippin' I do Can't do, can't do, trippin' I do
Down on my back I can't sleep cause I'm forming
Eyes in my teeth I can't see cause I'm eating
Cash for the noise I can't think cause it's crushing
Back on my feet like a freight train I'm going
Can everybody feel like I do?
Can't you, can't you strip back at you Can't you, can't you strip back at you
Can't fix it, can't fix it, can't you feel it again?
Can't you walk in two regions just like us?
Can't you walk in two regions just like us?
Can't you walk in two regions just like us?
girls in studio thought of that one that was can't strip like i do can you trip it jamie
i like that song so it gets a nine explicit i like the drums in the actual song it's a
pretty good song but i don't know the voice kind of i don't know it's i say 8.5 8.5 low-key
this song is old i used to play this song um while playing qsar so um it gets the nine
I like Satan on there, that was my favorite one.
You would.
Angel?
Nine chocolate covered pants, I mean, um, nine.
Okay.
And I give it, I know, I know, I give it, um, it's like one of those songs like it starts
off really really cool and then as it goes on I'm kind of like, alright, time to end.
But I still like it, it's groovy.
I give it like a 7.5.
Alright.
Loki, your turn.
Number three tonight is by you. What'd you pick? Well, it's not by you, but you picked it.
Well, this song, I don't really know how to describe this song. This song is just different. It's one of those things I found on Amazon, searching for free music.
and it's just catchy I don't know a lot of people aren't gonna like it but you
know I like I've been listening to my car it's just catchy and apparently it
it was it's a I guess on the charts over in India because that's you know it's an
Indian artist that DJ Sishar did the remix of it and from a movie I
can't remember what the movie is called though I think it's like Tamil or
something like that
but uh...
i don't know
but yeah it it's a very
it's an interesting song
trampy dancy, it's got a little bit of guitar. Can you pronounce this name?
uh... i think it's pronounced like uh... kekakekka or something. Well that's the artist
kekakekka. Kekakekka is the artist. It's the Tamils song, it's the name of the actual song.
It says in the title, it says
you and i apologize profusely to um... everybody in the movie it's from
it
it's the movie that's from union urea union urea looks like you're in your
except that the movie that's well-paid camel is
the language i think it's both in it
it
uh... it's the title song for that movie that's remix by the state of the
citizen of the art of the cake
take a kick there were a pj sitar makes the remixing take a caca
here it is enjoy
music
music
music
music
music
Three, two, one, back
all
right we are back and that was
kicka kicka DJ sit are three mixin and a song we
I believe and I apologize again for butchering absolutely butchering the
pronunciation is
the urine you re let's see what you guys think
Jamie Dark Sakura and a half from Dark Sakura explicit that's pretty good but
some reason I didn't like the beginning too much but once again to the actual
music yeah 8.5 8.5 from explicit Loki I love the backbeat for that song that was
one of the things about DJ Siddharth even his other stuff that he has is
really good beats to all of it why he chose I mean I understand why he chose
remix that song to be you know an indian dj so i mean it makes sense but um it was i don't know i
i if i understood the vocals i'm sure it'd make more sense or if i heard the original song it
makes more sense to me but since i didn't you know i gave it a nine though it's decent but
it probably's annoying to a lot of people angels i liked it a lot just like uh another
other Indian artist that I heard, it kind of just reminded me of that. So, I'll be nice.
I'll give it a nine.
I actually surprisingly liked that song quite a bit. I just think it needed some of the
fat trimmed from it, like the beginning was a little slow and there's some parts that
could have been cut, because that song was over six minutes, well, just about over six
minutes. And I think it could have been cut down a little bit, a little more compact,
about four minutes probably would have been good. Otherwise though, I do like the beat.
I like kind of what they remixed there. That's pretty cool
I understand though why it has the big beginning because it's probably meant for
Mixing in to your normal. Yeah
But as far as you know playing it by itself, it kind of hurts it for that
So I give it an eight and a half though. It was still a good song
All right, which is surprising that I liked yet another Loki's caveman song
You know the one you put in a couple weeks ago
I've been listening to a ton in my car and I thought the echoing green one
and I actually downloaded you know what the funny thing about that echo image
because you said it sounded like them echo image actually remixed that song
it's available on iTunes I actually used one of my free songs for it but here's
the thing it sucks it really sucks I was so sad
like good song good band this is gonna be awesome sucks oh anyway back to the
issue at hand here let's recap the three songs you can vote for tonight song
Song number one, last week's winner, Freezepop, Stakeout.
And song number two you can vote for tonight, Filter and the Crystal Method, Can't You Trip
Like I Do?
I had to pick the quietest part of that song by random there, whoops.
Keka Keka, a remix by DJ Siddharth, is song number three, Urine Urie.
Alright guys, place vote now. Send a private message to Sky in the chatroom with your vote
and the winning song will be in rotation all week long. And it will be your fault too.
Send a private message to Sky right now with your vote. Meanwhile,
you know, I was just thinking this week about song pack number 8
on the Xbox and... Is that ever gonna come out? I don't know. I'm starting to worry.
It's still not out. What in the hell is going on?
Somebody needs to get bitch slapped and I don't think it's Konami. I think it's
somebody at Microsoft.
I guess they're too busy concerning themselves with the Xboxes that caught
on fire or something. I don't know.
Because you heard about this, right? The Microsoft had to recall
the power cords for Xboxes that were made
prior to October 2003 because I guess if you leave it on for a prolonged period
of time
it will catch fire. They say it's only a one in ten thousand chance but you know
those types of lawsuits are still pretty big deal so they gotta recall
and they'll send you a free power cord. I got an email on it although I believe
My particular Xbox is immune because it's a Halo Xbox. I got the Halo limited edition. I don't think it affects these.
I still got an email on it because they suspect it. I don't know. I got to check it out at least.
Any comments on this? Anything you guys have heard? Extra on this?
Our first Xbox already died, so it's kind of moot for me.
That's, yeah, I guess that's what I hear is that the Xboxes don't last too long usually.
so here's the email I got it says Microsoft has chosen to replace the
power cords on Xbox console manufactured before October 23rd 2003 our records
indicate that you may own one of these consoles hey that's me check the
manufacturer date on the bottom of your console no action is necessary if your
console is manufactured on or after October 23rd 2003 now I'm all curious
Loki's gonna look look he's gonna go look at that manufacture date I thought
I thought I bought mine after that, but I guess that doesn't mean it was manufactured after that day, necessarily.
We'll see.
I actually didn't know about that, but okay.
You know what's sad is that must have actually happened for them to realize it.
What the hell, April 16th?
Yep, my Xbox was made April 16th, 2004. I am immune, motherfucker.
That's the same, that's my birthday.
Yes. Right on. Yeah, that's the exact date of my birthday. I was like, what the...
Hey, that's cool. Oh well. Yeah, I haven't had my Xbox that long.
Because those Halo ones just came out, so.
I should get a new cord anyway, just because they're really expensive otherwise.
Oh yeah, just get it for free, since they're...
You know, fixing the problem, according to what they're saying.
When did this happen though? I didn't hear about this.
It's just this week. Xbox sent out all the emails to people this week. So check your Xboxes, kids.
If you have an Xbox that was manufactured before October 23rd, 2003, you better get a new power corridor.
There might be a fire! A bad fire!
Fry-cro-soft.
Fry-cro-soft. Alright.
One other thing I wanted to bring up, it's not really Brumani related per se, but I think this is pretty cool and needs to be discussed.
discussed, is that a new game has been announced. Games are Fun ran the story on this, and they
got some screenshots from Mario Kart GP. And guys, this is not a new console game, this
is a new arcade game. Mario Kart arcade. Discussed. Bitch, is you all going down? It's gonna have
Pac-Man and Ms. Pac-Man in it, and it's put up by Namco. Yep, because Namco and Nintendo
teamed up for this. Here's the thing I'm wondering, and it's the thing that I've been wondering
a while. It's on Triforce hardware. Triforce, three companies. Namco, Nintendo, and Sega.
Yes, Sega being the one. Where are the Sega characters? Yeah, that's a good question.
You know, Sega has better things they could be doing, like putting out another Knight's
game. Damn it. But, come on, having Sonic in Mario Kart, wouldn't that be the weirdest
thing ever? God, I shouldn't have a car. I guess that's a good point. Okay, so Sonic
And it would be like in Sonic R.
Sonic does not get a car.
Sonic does not get a car.
How much do you wanna bet?
This is gonna be tied in with either another Mario Kart game that's gonna be released for
the like the GameCube or the new console.
Yeah, because it looks like you know, cuz that was the way F-Zero worked, is that it
kind of teamed up with one one of the home versions there so it should be a
card game you can save your progress anyway it looks very cool it does have
actually it does have the card and Mario Kart is supposed to have the card system
with it very good just like f-zero did you know what huh I'm very it's very
interesting that they're using so many card games now you know back when the
The Neo Geo's were first kind of big.
God, I remember those.
They were supposed to have it.
And I remember watching this back on, um, what was the, what was the show?
It was the GamePro show.
Oh, God.
You know the GamePro show was filmed locally here in this area?
Oh, I lived in Alabama at the time.
Well, yeah, it was filmed at the Channel 3 studios.
Isn't that weird?
But I remember where, um, you were supposed to have a memory card that worked from your
Neo Geo home system to the arcade systems.
between the MVS and the AVS
I never, and I actually saw
the machine, you know you can look on the old Neo Geo machines
and actually see the card readers on them. Would it be maybe that that didn't catch on
because nobody owned a Neo Geo because of the price? Now granted I know you own a Neo Geo
but you are an exception to the rule.
That's because me and Dan are cool. Yeah, I mean you got
man, it's like cheaper than buying the arcade system. Seriously!
You might as well have bought the arcade system for how much that thing costs. I don't know, he'll have to correct me on this one but I think
he traded a Sega CD for it but that's the thing is that really that's why it
was so damn much because in a way you were getting the arcade system on your
TV with the same damn thing so crazy alright we're gonna go to a break boys
and girls so we can tally up the cage match votes and when we come back we're
gonna get into the FUs of the week please don't send in your FUs the week
just yet though I got to get the cage match out of the way and then we'll
accept those I'll let you know when so whoa excuse me we will be back after
this with more excuse me how unprofessional but when was the show
ever professional more orange on trader we're gonna start off this break with
something Jamie wanted to hear and I think this is an appropriate song
considering the Xbox news we just talked about. So we'll be back after this.
Realize my fire, cause I'm real
No more
Stayin' on the down, I'm takin' higher
Feel your body burnin' whippin' by one step
A little closer
Turn around and shake it like you're a poster
A rollercoaster
About this time I'll make a suggestion
Get on the dance floor and use this stretchy hip hop
And when I find the spot
Realize my fire
Your love is my only desire Realize the fire over me
Realize the fire Your love is my only desire
Realize the fire over me
Come on!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Thanks for watching!
Thank you very much.
Yeah
I'm on fire!
I'm on fire!
I'm on fire!
Come on, lady, come and go Come on, lady, girl, you have to write
Night's a danger, not the best it's mean
Yeah, rock it, rock it, rock it, rock it
I'm a singer, so I'll also make my name
I'll make it if you know how
I like to be a person for me
Night's on fire, you better, better think
You better, better be in the grave to say
Night's on fire, you're the lover over me
You're the lover over the rock, you're never me
You're a nightfall fire
You've got a plan of things
You've got a battle for the end of dreams
To play
Nightfall fire
Come over for the beat
Come over for the set
You're a nightfall fire
You're a nightfall fire
Mr. Random person on the street, who by the way is not an actor, what do you think of
the orange lounge being on a music and more show?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly.
It's like being at a club except you don't have to actually ask someone to dance.
We are back here on Orange Lawns Radio, and we're going to get into the FUs of the Week.
But first, boys and girls, I bet you are dying to know who won tonight's cage match.
Tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet.
Chirp!
Sorry, we're all dead.
That's right.
Actually, actually.
Thanks.
All right, well, here it is.
cage match was so close that only one vote separated a tie between two songs
from the third song so one vote any other way could have swung it completely
different so here are the two songs that are tied tonight song number one is
freeze-pop again and song number three is the other one that tied song number
two being one vote behind so in the orange lounge rules to do it states that
the host whose song did not tie gets to break the tie so Jamie is it gonna be
Freezepop or Tekkakekka? Freezepop. Freezepop is the winner once again!
Just because I want to irritate the people who don't like it.
Alright. Freezepop wins
for the third week in a row. Guess what boys and girls? If it wins next week it
will be the third song
in Orange Lounge history to get retired
from the Orange Lounge Cage Match. The other ones being Gwen Stefani, Whatcha Waitin' For
and Echo Image, Come Back are the two other songs that have been retired.
I can't believe that Gwen Stefani went those whole four weeks. Have you heard her new single, though?
It's hot. It's totally hot. I'm gonna put it in the Cage Match later.
If I was a rich girl. Anyway, sorry. You know what? That's from Fiddler on the Roof.
It is, but it's awesome, and in the video they're all dressed up like pirates.
Why should they be dressed up as pirates for a song that's from...
Because it's MTV.
It's from a play about Russian Jews.
Okay?
That's...
Has anybody ever...
I was gonna say, isn't that your girlfriend, Loki?
Fiddler on the Roof?
She would qualify the Russian Jew part, yes.
I'm gonna start calling your girlfriend Fiddler on the Roof.
When Stefani, like, now has dropped in my esteem.
But she's cool!
But she's being an idiot. And I don't appreciate idiots.
Alright.
But we need to do the effus now.
Okay, and why is it that we do these FUs of the week every single week?
Because of Gwen Stefani!
Fuck musicians who think they can get away with taking something that was perfectly fine
the way it was and completely misinterpreting it in such a horrible way.
you Gwen Stefani right in your ear because your ass isn't good enough in
fact your ass is probably never mind I won't say anything you know what's
ironic is that she's dating a guy from a band named Bush and thank you Gavin for
dating her oh damn somebody just got told that's exactly what your fiance in
I mean, the chat room just said, somebody just got told.
Alright, that's awesome.
Um, an F.U. goes to, uh...
See, I drove past an accident yesterday that was caused by an old person driving a car.
They need to make people, once they hit a certain age, take a very strict driving test.
Another F.U. goes towards idiots who drive SUVs.
I can understand driving an SUV if you have a legitimate need for it, but...
Like you go camping every week.
Yeah, I can go camping. You know what? Back in the 80s, they had these things called station wagons to cart your children around in.
If you're going to breed and carry other people's spawn with you, don't drive a fucking SUV, drive a station wagon.
I'm going to get a hearse to cart my children around in.
That'd be awesome.
Another thing, don't fucking drive while you talk on your goddamn cell phone.
Bad rob.
I cannot wait until this is made illegal
because it is proven
that you drive, that you know the people in general do not pay
as much attention to the road as you would if you were not talking on your cell
phone
you know first of all
do you drive with your laptop on? Okay never mind there are people who do that
If I could
Cause people are fucking retards too.
If we're gonna ban cell phone usage, can we ban people who put on makeup while driving then too?
You know what, that...
I almost got hit with someone driving with a laptop on their lap.
Another thing is just people who think that they need to be one car ahead.
Oh, that I hate.
Oh my god, your car...
And I can understand if the person is actually going 20 miles under the speed limit in front of you,
because then they are a safety hazard.
But if I'm going, normally I tend to speed a little bit. I drive about five to ten miles over the speed limit sometimes.
But when someone passes me, no, that's just inexcusable. Nothing is, you don't need to be somewhere in so much of a hurry that you should endanger your lives and the lives of everybody else on the road.
really care about the person driving, because you know what, if they die, that's Darwinism
at work. You know, but when they hurt other people in the process because of their stupidity,
that's where I draw the line. Now if they decide to run off the overpass into the river
and they're the only ones hurt, fine. You know. Another thing is, I am bad at this,
I am getting better, but I don't ride up on people's asses. You know, I do have an issue
with my following distance, but I don't drive all the way up on somebody's bumper where
if, you know, the person in front of me stopped, I wouldn't have any time. There was this person
who was right on my ass driving home from work the other day, and I'm just glad that
I had good breaks, because I actually did have to stop very quickly to avoid hitting
an animal, and the person came very close to running into my rear end, so I kind of
wish that they had so I could, you know, make them go through all the hassle of getting
worse and, you know, having their insurance rate go up, but, you know, I had better things
to do with my time. But that's really it. It's mostly about drivers.
Alright, let's go on to Loki. I have one more.
Okay, let's not go on to Loki.
People who think that diet pills are the ways to lose weight.
You know how to lose weight? Get off your ass and work it off.
That's it.
Okay. You sure?
Alright.
Alright. Loki!
And dust. Fuck you, dust.
Fuck you to my cold.
It sucked.
Still stuffed up.
Been all tired.
No tired. Tired bad.
And, uh, fucking to my computer for being broken, because I'm gonna have withdrawals, especially now that I think I've realized that Brad hasn't returned Grand Theft Auto San Andreas yet.
So I don't know what I'm gonna do now. Does that mean I have to finish playing, uh, Wind Waker? I guess so.
And then, finally, the most important one of them all!
Fuck you, Golf Land! Fuck you and your ugly asses!
Fuck you, Keith! Fuck you, management of Golf Land and Roseville Golf Land!
Thank you, cause you know, I love to be taxed on my own fucking money!
Let's flashback here to the summer, when I got to build
a brand new set mania cabinet for Golf Land. I did this as purely as a favor, because
their sales had sucked, no one's come to the arcade, the scene had basically died.
So, what was my deal with them? I would charge them for parts, they would reimburse me, the end.
Okay, they would have a wonderful cabinet, I would do all the labor for free, that's it.
So, a thousand dollars later, you know, I have this cabinet that's built here, they go to pay me, and they're dragging their feet.
They don't wanna, you know, they're just like, oh Keith's never there, oh the check's on its way, da da da da da.
so it's been dragging and dragging and finally I get paid and then they have
the audacity to send me a 1099 for it a 1099 for my own money that they were
supposed to be reimbursed me for why am I getting taxed on my own money fuck them
fuck them um a 1098 for one that you pay taxes no 1099 are the ones they get
tax on its miscellaneous income and actually I think you're meaning a w-2
no it's a 1099 nobody's right it is the 1099 oh never mind you're right you're
right right right w-2s are for wages I guess they also put out 1099, 1098, and
5498 and W2Gs. They put out 1099s for returned funds for us I work in
mortgage they put out 1099s for foreclosures and bankruptcies too. Yes because I know
I know what these are because I get them from, um, our work for, you know, our fifth cards, so, you know, that's cool that we get those and stuff.
So taxes! You know how much that's gonna cost me, Golf Land? That's gonna cost me $150 out of my pocket for your stupid shit.
Good concept.
Take them to Smockland's Court.
It's really not worth it, you know? It's really not.
A machine, by the way, which no longer operates.
Yeah, the machine's been stolen, it's been converted back, er, you know, whatever.
Take the check to Golfie to make them pay it.
It's not worth it, honestly, because it was hard enough to get them to pay for it.
It's not worth my time.
You know what, I always say it's worth time to prove somebody wrong.
No, here's the thing, the only reason they were going to have a 1099 for me before,
because they said, oh well you don't have the receipts for it anymore.
Bullshit, I gave those to Keith, he knew he had them, he lost them, that's it.
it so I I didn't think to make copies because I didn't think it's gonna be a
problem so anyway so then so they figured out way what they're gonna do is
they're gonna make this fake invoice okay and make it look like I'm some
computer company and then they're gonna give voices to that so I wouldn't get
you know charged a 1099 port and that was the deal that was you know they
made it clear that I wasn't gonna get a 1099 for it and that everything was all
good and I was done well guess what they gave me a 1099 anyway go into the
and take back $150 in parts out of the machine.
I can't really do that.
For their idiocy.
Well, that'd be theft.
I'd pursue it.
So, yeah, they fucked me over again.
Just go in there with a chocolate gun and wave it around.
I sent an email to Keith, who wasn't very nice,
and, you know, he hasn't responded. Surprise.
Never ever responds, so, you know what, fuck him.
And I'm officially, you know, I'm boycotting Golf Land, I'm not going back there ever again.
And I would urge everyone else to do the same, because they're just gonna fuck everyone over, so...
Just enjoy.
I lost, actually, on that cabinet, over $230.
So thank you, Golf Land, you know.
No, this is what I get for doing you guys a favor. Thanks a lot.
I'm done.
Alrighty, moving on.
How can I follow that one up? F you to myself because I have a whole stack of tests to correct and I haven't started yet and I have to have them done by tomorrow morning.
But hey, I got better things to do like play Final Fantasy and WarioWare.
And a nephew to WarioWare for being too short. I'm already all the way through it. I have one unlock left to get, and it's the unlock that you would get when you get a flower on every single minigame. And that's going to take me too long to get, so I said fuck it. So, that's it. I really don't have a lot of interesting to say.
We need to put the parrot.
The parrot was cool.
And the last unlock I got was a soundtrack thing.
So now I can get Ashley's theme song.
Because I'm uninterrupted and the theme song for Ashley is cool.
So I'm going to rip the theme song.
Because it's rad.
Let's go to our guest FUs.
I guess we'll start it off with explicit.
Well, now that I found out everybody was already talking about the FUs already, Jamie was talking about the SEVs, I was going to say the same thing, so my FE goes to that section.
And the FE to RVGL, I think Logi explained most of that, some of that already. Let's see. Oh yeah, big FE goes to fucking parents who blame it on the media.
Okay, an F.V. goes to parents accusing the media for actions that kids commit all for
their own, what they think is a bad influence to kids.
First of all, if you're going to let your kids play stuff like Halo 2 or Grand Theft
part of San Andreas you should know what the consequences are and tell your kids
how what not to do and I mean talk to your kids don't blame it on the media
for such actions I mean you bought from the game I was about to get there too
I mean parents are the most responsible ones for the issues we had a lot we had
My aunt just had a lawsuit with some games. For some reason I told her that it's not really worth the lawsuit.
They treat their kids the wrong way and that's all I'm about to say.
FV goes to, of course, they have already discussed this before, the Milpies Golf Land issue with pads.
They should have switched it within the groove pads, and hopefully they make sure that the pads are going to be well for March Madness 2k5.
But to make sure everything calms down, I'll say to be continued for now.
Alright then, Angel's turn to get ranty.
Of you to know internet for two days, that sucked.
Yeah.
And of you to have Final Fantasy XI not working, that sucks.
It black screens right after the play online stuff's over.
And I think it might have to do with the last update we just had.
I don't know what's up with that. Damn it, I want to play.
Call Squeenix and call him a bunch of fucking fuckers.
maybe and if you don't like a you know the holiday weekend because it went too
fast again so you know tomorrow's the last day of that be glad you get a
holiday weekend sit down sit down actually it doesn't really count because
Friday and Monday don't have school anyway so it's like just a regular week
for me anyway except for maybe possible things being closed tomorrow other than
that you know it's just a regular week for me
all right let's go on to the chat room FUs started off with dark lion xvi one
FU for tonight. FU to the chat room for teasing me about the way I laugh. I don't give a flying
fuck what you guys say about my laugh. I laugh the way I wanted to, so in the words of Yoda,
up the shut fuck. Preach on, brother. RPGKing7 says, first, thanks for reading my FU last
week. You're welcome. I actually think it would be up the shut fuck. Shut up. RPGKing7
says, thanks for reading my F.U. last week. You're welcome. This week, F.U. to kill Steelers
in MapleStory. Ouch. Elmoit would like to give a playful F.U. F.U. to Siggy for telling
me to call into OrangeLawn's radio now, only to take the spot himself. Now I feel the need
to pwn him at Guilty Gear X to reload again. Ouch. It's on. It's on. Somebody just got
served. MPQ says, F you to Final Fantasy 11 for not working on my computer. F you to my
computer for not being capable of playing real games. F you to game tracks for letting
the DDR machine slowly die. F you to myself for getting so emo over Final Fantasy 11 not
working. F you to EB, any comments for that Angel? Uh, call Squeenix? F you to EB for
not giving me cash back for the game not working so I had to buy something else. And F you
to iTunes for not having real good music available. Hey, do a search for an iMix called Dance
Dance Revolution and it says Orange Laundrio's name in the description and it's all a whole
bunch of Dance Dance Revolution songs. I put it together and it's on iTunes. Look for it.
I'll find a link. Maybe I can find a link. Mikolatov says, first FU of the week goes
to gaming expenses. E3 plus PSP plus night style equals pornus. Second FU goes to my
Nintendo DS. I have two games and they are the only two games I want for the next several
months therefore I may trade it in towards my PSP purchase. Final F.U. goes
to my car smelling like burning every time I drive it. Bugz says F.U. to no
naked hot tubbing this week I'm a demub ass. Sephiroth1215 or 1215 or
1215 says F.U. to all the snow that is falling right now and an F.U. for the
difficulty being raised all the way up on the DDR machine. Illusion says F.U. to
Shakeys not having the regular I got you babe to do karaoke to they had some lame remix with bad synth in it
Anyway, it was totally lame and not gay enough for the incredibly homoerotic
I got you babe karaoke that I was doing with Larry a big burly construction worker from the bay that whispers sweet
Nothing's into my ear at night
Huh
Huh
Just just a wake-up call if you guys are falling asleep there
Anyway, FU to this week for going by so slow but that it was only 4 days long.
Illusions says FU to Gwen Stefani for selling out and her crappy new song that makes me
cry.
John Fields says huge FU to NCSX.
I waited 12 days and you still haven't gotten PlayStation, er, PlayStation, Phantasy Star
Online episode 4 in.
I had to go with Haumea.
FU.
F you to not having enough hours in a week. DJ Ranma S says F you to a friend of mine
for being a dick to this girl I know. Payback's a bitch, cause I'm gonna go for it while you
waller in your own self-pity. Let's have tea! I love that name. Let's have tea. I like tea.
I need tea right now, cause my voice is in a horse. That's a very pleasant name. Which
so doesn't work for this segment. So I'm renaming this person Let's Have Evil Tea. You know
That'd be funny.
What?
Um, well, it's kind of random.
Okay.
Um, but you know how we were talking about earlier, how they have those slash whatevers?
Yeah.
Okay, well, if you're like constipated, you can have slash logout.
Ha ha, ha ha ha ha.
That was nasty.
I hate you.
Let's have tea, says F you to the guy who hit my stepdad's SUV earlier today.
got flipped and totaled. That's what you get for having an SUV? Hey, hey, hey, that's not
nice. He has a... Or it might be a she, sorry. They have a pleasant name. I think it was
Julie who drove by a wreck where an SUV and like a minivan ran into each other and the
SUV rolled and landed on the minivan. No matter what kind of car you drive, people... I think
about two birds with one stone. I mean, what... I mean, SUVs are so big in the first place,
to take a lot of talent to crash into one so I mean come on tell your dad to
like get a real car now stepdad one of one that's got a lower center of gravity
legends that who says f you to elements of my school student body aka the elitist
for dropping emo bombs last week over the n-word being used in a play in my
school that illustrates the horrors of slavery America has a way of driving the
point across that slavery was really fucked up back then which is I in my
humble opinion the best way to do it okay I know I'm old okay but what the
hell's an emo bomb well you know what what emo is emo is that you know I'm so
sad I'm gonna slash my wrist because I'm so sad you know it's basically modern
god yeah kind of modern Gotham happy colors okay so basically it's like the
people who bag on movies without seeing them like they bag on dogma for being a
satanic movie without realizing that it's actually a pretty religious movie
at heart I think that's kind of the point Zach was trying to make here f you
to freeze pop infecting the ears of orange launch radio listeners and f you
to tonight's internet connection at my campus causing causing major skipping in
and then he got cut off dark night says one f you to squeamish for making the
cutscenes in Star Ocean too darn long. I have to add another one. Okay. F you to the
burning sensation of liquid daquil. And Let's Have Tea would just like to follow
up the ever-pleasant Let's Have Tea. He did get a real car, a Corvette. Forgiven.
Alright, we're gonna do a quickie break and when we come back we'll do a little
bit of Ask Orange Lounge and then we're gonna do the wrap-up of the show. So send
questions now for Ask Orange Lounge, and in this break, gotcha!
If you can say goodbye, baby, tell me why
You say that love is not a possession You say that love needs fantasy
You say we must fear this devotion But you don't say that you love me
Sometimes I wonder what I'm doing Sometimes I'm cold and serious
But when you touch my body and close your eyes My little baby, I don't realize
If you can say goodbye, baby, tell me why You don't wanna love me just like I do
You can say goodbye, tell me what I've got to do
If you can say goodbye, baby tell me why
You don't wanna love me, just like I do
Just like I do, you can't say goodbye Tell me what I've got to do
Rock over London. Rock over Chicago. Orange Lounge Radio. It's a good place to listen
to the music.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and we're about ready to wrap up tonight's show,
but darn it, it's time for you guys to contribute a little something to this train wreck of
a show, so we're gonna do a little bit of Ask Orange Lounge.
we're playing on the webcam right now by the way I hope you guys are watching
over there it's kind of fun www.orangeloungeradio.com anyway let's get into this
week's Ask Orange Lounge
let's ask orange lounge some stupid question what will we find out this week
on orange lounge radio is there a point to this segment I don't think so it's
only here to fill a little time question from RPG King 7 question is what is
everyone in the lounges opinions of us Canadians what do we think of Canadians
they're from Canada I know Loki's thinking of something horrible to say
say here. I'm not thinking anything horrible. No, honestly, Canadians are cool. They've
got, you know, laxer laws up there, it seems like, you know, and it's just, you know, it's
a little cold for my taste, but... It's just cold. It's just, you know, it's cool. I mean,
I don't think anything wrong against Canadians. They got the gay marriage thing up there.
They're ahead of the game as far as I'm concerned. They've got that stuff going for them. But
here's my problem with Canada. If I went to Canada, I'd be out of a job, because I work
in the health care industry, and they've got the nationalized health care thing going on,
I'd be out of a job.
Well, the only thing I don't like is French Canadians, but that's just because I don't
like the French.
No one likes the French Canadians.
That's not true.
I'm kidding.
So, I mean, and there's other, hey, you know, Canada gave us Jim Carrey, you know.
And Alanis Morissette, my favorite.
Yeah, well, okay, they gave us Jim Carrey, and, um, shut up.
And they also gave us Tom, oh wait, no, no, Tom Green.
You can have Tom Greenback, actually.
Dan says, too nice, too close, and too quiet.
Yeah, you know, what are they plotting?
They all live near the border up there, you know.
No, I'm kidding.
Actually, I went, years ago, I went to Vancouver and Victoria Island.
I thought it was just beautiful out there.
That would be a place I could live if it wasn't so goddamn cold and rainy.
But it's beautiful out there.
It's great.
I do not, I can safely say I have no issues with Canada.
and I've met a lot of very cool Canadians online. The weird thing is they
like all live in Toronto
which is, I guess Toronto's where it's at. Go Leafs!
Well, yeah,
um, they have good musicians. That's all I gotta say.
Shatner's Canadian? Oh God.
Rob already said Alanis Morissette, so I gotta say Berniculides, cuz, yeah.
Or Celine Dion? Moving on.
Well the game is Jim Carrey. I know.
What about Bryan Adams? Legend of Zaku says,
seeing that you guys are the drinking type, have you ever thought of creating
some Bamani themed cocktail drinks?
My fire,
like Goldschlager and... Max 300, Goldschlager, Jagermeister, and 151 all
51 all mixed together.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I imagine some dork out there has thought of something.
Maybe that's a thread we should start on the forums.
See what people can come up with a drink.
You know, I have a friend who's going to bartending school.
So what I'll do is I will ask him to come up with some new drinks.
Maybe he's even listening.
He's starting Bartender School this week. I'll ask him to try and come up with some new drinks, and when he tells me what's in it, I will give them names.
And we will come up with a Bomani drink.
We could use the one that I made with the orange juice and the Malibu.
I remember that. That was pretty good.
That can be Summer Love.
My Summer Love?
My Summer Love.
I was thinking the same thing.
Okay. Anyway.
Miklatov.
Dear Ask Orange Lounge, please make some E3 plans.
Alright, stop bugging me.
and boom boom dollar was not on DER first mix meaning it had no basic step
rating hey buddy
it was on US first mix
which was basically just the Japanese first mix imported
or 1.5 mix. MPQ says why do laptops make shitty
gaming PCs? DarkSakura who has a laptop in her lap care to answer
I haven't actually tried to run any games on this although I could install the
Actually, my laptop would probably be very good for gaming, because I've got a G-Force
in here, and I've got a 3.06 processor, and a bunch of RAM.
Mine would run Final Fantasy XI.
I'm going to download the benchmark and see if my laptop would run Final Fantasy XI.
Just so I can laugh.
You know what?
I think part of the problem, at least with older laptops, newer ones don't do this so
much, but the older ones?
Like, if you change the way you're looking at the screen, it gets lighter and darker, like it's just the way the display works.
It's just an LCD screen.
Exactly, and that annoyed the shit out of me, but new ones don't really have that problem.
That's not a problem.
I know, but I'm thinking about old ones.
The problem is that laptops are generation behind, usually, and they're also very expensive.
Also, since they're passively cooled and they don't have any actual fans inside of them,
You get really hot and you can't put all that expensive, you know, high-powered, you know, devices and stuff, video cards, sound cards, all that stuff in there.
Now, granted, Alienware does make laptops, and they can get some pretty decent laptops out there, but when it's gonna come, you know, between laptop and, you know, PC, you're gonna be better off with a PC.
For the money.
Alright, let's see here. Al Mullet wants to ask, as a future newbie to Beatmania 2DX, there are quite a few songs I haven't heard yet. What would be your favorites to play? Maybe one favorite song to play in 2DX. Mine would be Deadline, as horrid as that song is. I absolutely love that song, Deadline 5th Style.
I used to be really fond of playing Sync, but now it would probably have to be, I actually really did call it, on both levels, so.
When you're first getting started and you're still playing one-stars, Five Fathoms on Third Style is pretty rad and it has the right video.
Five Fathoms, that would be the one.
Five Fathoms is like the best song to learn on for one-star.
Yeah, it's the one with the DDR in the video, like the old-ass DDR that had Boom Boom Dollar in it.
Mikutov.
Let's see, we got a lot of questions in a little time. I'm going to try and get through as many of these as we can.
You can still submit some, though, if you want. I'm looking through some.
John Fields says, Hey Sky, why isn't this show or station listed on the Wikipedia?
I'm somewhat familiar with Wikipedia. Is that like the user-created encyclopedia?
Kind of like, what do they call that Mozilla database of all the sites? Free web or something?
I found Mobile, Alabama on the Wikipedia.
You know what, I just have no idea how to hook something like that up.
like that up. If somebody wants to send me an email and tell me how to do it, Rob at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com or if you just want to submit it, as long as you don't talk shit
about it, you have my blessings. And I imagine DarkSacker and Loki feel the same way, yes?
Whatever. Yeah, don't fuck it up. That's all we ask.
Let's Have Tea would like to know, what is the high score in Orange Lounge Radio Pinball?
Little known fact, before I got into DDR, I was a pinball whore. I really loved pinball.
Rob was the pinball wizard. He was blind and used to be called Tommy.
My favorite ones, I always liked the Return from Mars game that had the little animations that were inside it.
You know they actually did one for Star Wars Episode I as well.
They had a little hologram one.
And as much as I am not huge into Star Wars, that pinball game was pretty cool.
I would have to say my very favorite pinball machine, though, was probably the Addams Family.
But lots of people liked that machine.
House of Magic.
House of Magic's awesome, too. Those are probably two of the top tables out there. Another one
that I always liked was Pinbot, which is kind of a running joke on outside the box when
it's actually on the air. But Pinbot's a really cool one, too. I always liked that one. And
the NES version, not the same. In fact, it's very much not the same.
What was I going to say? My favorite time playing, what was it, Invasion of Mars or
whatever that one was called, Return to Mars, was when we rubber banded, we opened up the
machine and rubber banded down the two sides and so the ball can only be lost through the
center and we'd play like to the end of the game on that. It was fun.
I want my bike night 2000. But my pinball machine when I went to the University of South
Alabama was World Cup soccer, 94, because I was always really good at hitting the goal.
And Dan and I, a little after I first moved out here, we used to go to Godfather's Pizza
in Thomas and play Last Action Hero pinball all the time.
Ooh, JasonXB brings up a good point in the chat room, some PC pinball games that were
actually really good, Epic Pinball. The Epic Pinball games were awesome.
You can get Pin Mame. Pin Mame's not the same to me. I would rather
play Epic Pinball than Pin Mame. Epic Pinball I bet's in Abandonware probably
right now. Probably. As much as I think Pin Mame is an awesome
idea and I totally support the project, it just... I don't know. It doesn't work for
me. It doesn't... I think it's because I prefer the tables that were created for the PC. On
a PC if that makes any sense I don't know there's some really good virtual
tables there I used to have and if anybody can think of this and private
message me the pinball game that this was I would love you forever there was a
pinball game I used to have on my old ass PC my hundred megahertz PC and it
had four tables in it one of them was like a haunted house I think the other
one was a raceway, one of them was a circus, and I remember the circus table was a demo
you could download on the internet, but then there was another one called, like, Billion
Dollar Game Show or something. It was a game and it had four tables. It wasn't Epic, it
was some other pinball game. If I could find that again, I would be so happy. Did Sierra
make a pinball game? I don't think it was Sierra either, I think it was some other unknown
company. Well, I saw one of the people, I talked to one of the people at E3, um, last
year who said that they were working on a pinball game for the PS2 that was
supposed to emulate a bunch of the old tables hmm that's cool and I'm not sure
which ones were gonna be on there they only had like a basic you know just
generic table for demo but I heard that I'd asked about they said they were
seeking some licenses or something hmm I want them to actually go to Capcom and
produce the it was when I had brought up on the show before that Dan showed me
there's only like I think 16 of them in existence and I can't remember the name
of it it was something bar the he needs to p.m. me the name of it I'm as soon as
I get it I'll tell you but I had like the little dancing girl in the background
you could play the family edition or the non family edition and it was I can't
remember the name of it now their most shittiest the shittiest pinball game I
think I've ever played was dr. dude it was awful you know what somebody in the
chat room is posting a suggestion for the game that I that they think it is
and it was big bang that was thank you hyper 3d pinball you know what I think I
own this game but I don't think it's the same one I'm trying to think of right
now I'm trying to find more pictures of it it's making me mad I think it might
be by the same company but it wasn't that game I don't remember darn it oh
well we only have a little bit of show left okay I appreciate you guys trying
I'm posting pictures of this table in the chatroom.
But that's the one, and they only made a few of them because this was in production right before Capcom's pinball division went out.
I want a pinball table. I want a Black Knight 2000 machine.
Somebody's suggesting that maybe it's extreme pinball?
And yes, I, I will, um, oh my gosh, I think this is it.
Uh oh. No, no, I don't think it is. Oh, I think I have that game too, but that's not the one I'm thinking of.
I'm not sure. Anyways. I can't tell! I'm so upset, because I really want this. You guys don't understand, I want this game again.
Grr. No, that's not it. Darn it. Oh well. Maybe someday.
Okay, um, let's see. What we're gonna do now is we're gonna go around and get everybody's...
Oh, I'll do one more question, really quick.
Uh, Allusion, and sorry to those guys we didn't get to.
Allusion asks,
Hey guys, I have a question. What did you do for Valentine's Day? Did you get shagged up vigorously?
I had chocolate cheese pie.
I had dinner with my boy.
And then I went to school on actual Valentine's Day.
Alright. I made pasta.
And then I got shagged vigorously.
I did not get shagged vigorously this Valentine's Day, but that's okay.
I can deal with rejection.
It's time to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Thank you guys for tuning into Orange Launch Radio tonight.
Let's start it off with Explicit. Your final thought, please.
Jamie, get Will soon.
Angel, your final thought.
Final Finishing. Must work-y. Dang it.
Loki, your final thought.
I'm only down to two PCs now. What am I to do?
My final thought is, um, when will Outside the Box return? Nobody knows.
DarkSakura, your final thought?
I won a Black Knight 2000 pinball machine.
That's it, guys. Thanks for tuning in. Check out our podcast, dammit!
DarkSakura, you can have tonight's final word.
Oh, final word.
The final word of the evening is...
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
And now, the six merry murderuses of the Cook County Jail in their rendition of The Cell
No luck, Tango.
Sosora.
Lipshit.
Pop.
Sit.
Switch.
Uh-uh.
Sosora.
Lipshit.
Pop.
Switch.
Uh-uh.
Sosora.
Lipshit.
Pop.
He had it comin', he had it comin', he only had himself to blame.
If you'd have been there, if you'd have seen it, I bet you you wouldn't have done the same.
The best flesh I've ever wished
The best flesh I've ever wished
You know how people have these little habits that get you down?
Like...
Bernie.
Bernie likes to chew gum.
No, not chew.
Pop.
So I came home this one day and I'm really irritated and I'm looking for a little bit of sympathy.
And there's Bernie, lying on the couch, drinking a beer and chewing.
No, not chewing.
Poppin'!
So I said to him, I said, you pop that gum one more time.
And he did.
So I took the shotgun off the wall and I fired two warning shots.
Into his head.
He had it comin', he had it comin'
He only had it felt so plain
If you'd have been there, if you'd have heard it, I betcha you would have done the same
I met Ezekiel Young from Salt Lake City about two years ago
And he told me he was single, and we hit it off right away
So we started living together, he'd go to work, he'd come home
I'd fix him a drink, we'd have dinner
and then I found out single he told me single my ass not only was he married he
had six wives one of those Mormons you know so that night when he came home
from work I fixed in his drink as usual you know some guys just can't hold their
Now I'm standing in the kitchen carving up the chicken for dinner minding my own business
in storms my husband will burn in jealous rage you've been screwing the milk man he
He was crazy and he kept on screaming you've been screwing the milk man, and then he ran into my knife
He ran into my knife ten times
Me get a shaker
Most my yucca here. It's locum left on my fear
in the glitch of the movie
My sister Veronica and I had this double act, and my husband Charlie traveled around with
us. Now for the last number in our act we did these 20 acrobatic tricks in a row. One, two,
three, four, five splits, spread eagles, backflips, flip flops, one right after the other.
So this one night before the show we're down at the hotel Cicero, the three of us
boozing, having a few laughs, and we run out of ice so I go out to get some. I come back,
open the door and there's Veronica and Charlie doing number 17 the spread eagle
well I was in such a state of shock I completely blacked out I can't remember
a thing it wasn't until later when I was washing the blood off my hands I even
knew they were dead.
Could you tell me that I was wrong?
I loved Al Lipschitz more than I could possibly say.
He was a real artistic guy.
Sensitive.
A painter.
But he was always trying to find himself.
He'd go out every night looking for himself.
And on the way, he found Ruth, Gladys, Rosemary, and Irving.
I guess you could say we broke up because of artistic differences.
He saw himself as alive.
And I saw him dead.
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Okay, we figured it out. It's either Pinball Dreams or Pinball Fantasies. They're both
made by the same developer. They're very similar. So I'm going to check them both out. That
was it, though. When I do the image search in Google, I get the images of the game I
remember. So thank you, Jason, for helping me find that out. So I'm very happy. It's
either Pinball Dreams or Pinball Fantasies. One is the sequel to the other. So that was
people can help me find konami world i'll be happy this is the cool thing
about pillow dreams middle fantasies excuse me i choked on a peanut they use
mod music the music is all mod files which is awesome
well good luck finding konami world miss jamie
all right that's gonna do it um we're gonna um log off now so we can take care
hear that podcast. Thank you guys.
