Waiting for you, where are you? I can't find you
I'm here and waiting for you, I'll wait forever for you
No, no, no, no
Why won't you come back down
As she, she
Loves more than me
I thought I could love you better
But we're always together
And if we took some time apart
You would find me no more
I'm here and waiting for you
Where are you? I can't find you
I'm here and waiting for you
And I'll wait forever for you
I've been lost when you went to me
I'm your dream
There's no sense when I'm the only room
Without you
I'm here, I'm waiting for you Where are you? I can't find you
I'm here, I'm waiting for you I'll wait forever for you
I'm here, I'm waiting for you Where are you?
I cannot, I cannot find you I'm waiting for you
Where are you? Where are you?
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
You're mentioning the Orange Line Radium Line.
Big Momma's on the radio, I don't even know what he's doing.
Oh my god.
Oh god.
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that in this episode.
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye, and Loki.
We are live, and this is episode number 133 for this, February the 27th of 2005.
You're tuned into the B-Money scene's most Oscar-worthy radio station of all things B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts. You might know me as Sky. Joining me as always are my awesome
co-hosts. Say hello to the happiest bunny on the farm, Ms. Jamie Summers, AKA, Dark
Tekra. Fuck the Oscars. That's right, that's tonight's theme tonight. Fuck the Oscars.
The Oscar goes to me for being so great. Also joining us. I'm sorry, you can't win the Oscar
because you didn't get naked. I did not get naked this year. I might tonight, however.
I'm getting the old thumbs up from our special guest, who we will get to momentarily after
we introduce, Loki Tecmessa.
I have porn on one side and rights on the other.
That sounds like a very interesting porno I want, never mind.
Also joining us tonight, say hello to our very special guest who, believe it or not,
And 133 weeks of Orange Lounge Radio has never been to a live show, I do not believe.
No?
Was there one other time?
There was the tournament and then there was when I did it at the house.
Okay, so, but it has never been here at the Orange Lounge Studios?
No, not here.
Alright, so make sure the mic's on, bud.
Make sure it's in the on position.
Really?
Into the microphone.
Hello.
Oh, there you go.
Say hello to Dan!
And why is Dan so special, Dark Sakura?
Uh, cause we're getting married one day.
Cause I rock.
Dan is Dark Sakura's hetero-life mate.
Yes, my hetero-life mate.
So, this should be a very interesting show, because now I have someone to gang up on Jamie
with.
This is going to be fantastic.
Yeah, but when we get home, Dan's ass is going to be kicked.
I'd like to think that, wouldn't you?
Second five, I'll school you.
Loki, you're too busy eating on this show, always,
to make fun of Jamie with me.
I'm kidding.
I can't make fun of Jamie because she kicks my ass
and makes me cry.
Anyway, we will be back shortly after a quick break
to kick things off in tonight's show.
During tonight's show, by the way,
we're going to have a brand new song premiere for you guys.
Those of you guys with Xboxes, I'm
sure you already heard this one.
It's the brand new In My Eyes mix from Song Pack 8.
But if you hadn't had a chance to hear it yet, you're gonna in about 20 minutes.
We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Join us in the chat room, www.orangeloungeradio.com.
Click on Chat.
We'll be back
Oh
ichaku no yo wa kega
Yeah, yeah
Jega sei yara tekuru kadane
Daga lete yukuto ki wo
Momo kanasimana
Hide, hide
Shiny water to you
So be sure that you go on
Let's go
Let's go
Let's go
Kiss me with a hammer, motherfucker to me
Kiss me with a hammer, motherfucker to me
Make me feel a little heavy
I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
I don't know what to do
After this song, we'll be having a Let Them Move marathon.
Nooooooo!
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge Radio, crap-free Bovani radio.
We are back here on the lovely Orange Lounge Radio,
episode number 133 in progress. Thank you guys for tuning in to us tonight
and choosing us over that other show that's on ABC right now
with all those Hollywood celebrities. Just think,
you could be watching the show that got, it got Tom Cruise, and it got Oprah,
and it's got, you know, Chris Rock's hosting, but instead you've chosen
listen to us amen thank you thank you I'd like to accept this award and I'd
like to thank my mother and my father that was the best acceptance speech of
all time when Fiona Apple got up there said she was drunk off her ass this is
like what the MTV Awards were like ten years ago almost at this point she gets
up there oh my god was that really ten years ago yeah living here when it
happened okay good phew yeah maybe five years okay good but she gets up there on
the stage she's like this world this world is bullshit go with yourself go
with yourself that's all I remember she's all go with yourself and then she
started spouting off about Maya Angelou and I know why the courage Berg sings I
it whatever anyway we'll start off tonight's show with the old favorites
talking a little bit about ourselves our weeks and our days so you can further
your stalking adventures of us Jamie start us off how was your week how was
your day I was diseased this week they like gave me the handbook for the
recently diseased okay no one gets the Beetlejuice joke I've never you know I've
never seen Beetlejuice. We need to fix this! This is why I can't watch the Oscars, even
though they call it the Gay Man Super Bowl, and if you hadn't heard the little rumor going
around about me, even though they call it the Gay Man Super Bowl, I can't watch this
program because I don't see any of the movies, like ever. I think this year, I've seen two
of the movies which is like more than ever. I would have to second that. I don't really
go to the movies that much anymore. And when I do go to the movies I usually see like four
and shit. I usually pick a movie and then see it a bajillion times. Like I saw Phantom
of the Opera twice. Well see I saw Rocky Horror Picture Show like 200 and something
times. 20 million times. If I have to see another period piece starring Leonardo DiCaprio
I am going to scream.
Or fucking Dame Judi Dench.
Dame Judi Dench in every period piece there ever was. There's Dame Judi Dench.
Don't get me wrong, Dame Judi Dench is a great actress, but damn.
My week. Oh yeah, sorry. My week was spent in a coma.
Well, more like being half in a coma and half playing Final Fantasy XI.
Because I did not have the energy to move out of my chair.
it'll do that to you. No. I basically ran a fever. The highest it was when I checked
was 103. And it's like Friday, like Saturday, I stopped running a fever. I went to the doctor.
She said, your ass ain't going to work. And basically I had some type of viral infection
that almost became, she said that it was leaving me very open to bacteria, and that it was
basically settled in my sinuses, and I had fluid in my ears, so I was having bad vertigo
and everything, it was fun. Who needs drugs when you have sicknesses? And so I got prescription
stuff, yay, drank lots of water, and danced with me for ribs Friday. There were some good
ribs. Mmm ribs! We went to Tony Roma's, and I felt crappy while I was there. I've never
been to Tony Romo's. And then he bought a whole bunch of wrestling DVDs at Dimple.
And what else did I do? Oh yeah, yesterday we cleaned our room and found the floor.
we threw away like two years worth of crap um I got disconnected from the chat
room shut up
but I also well what else did I do oh yeah today we went and bought like lots
of stuff, and had dinner, and that was it. And I got second five! Which is, even though
I haven't played the home version yet, the most awesome game in the world. That's it.
Alright, Loki! I know you're trying to eat, but it's your turn. How was your week, how
was your day? So anyways, I was chewing, and then stuff happened. No, um, right now, since
I had sort of like lunch for breakfast I'm having breakfast for dinner you know
just to kind of balance things out. You're having a dyslexic meal day!
Exactly I'm having you know it's actually pretty good for me
Crispix it's damn good and you know I've already eaten half the box holy crap
there's not much in there anyways so yeah this week what I do okay to start
things off first off computer was out of commission we do remember that on Sunday
commuter it was gone I was like you know I can wait a week until I get paid next
to fix it that's okay so the next day so I watched robot chicken robot chicken
is fucking hilarious I don't normally endorse television programs however I
will endorse robot chicken tonight 1130 comedy okay cartoon network
And if you're on the East Coast, you better be taping it, because we're still on at that time.
Okay. Cartoon Network. Fucking awesome. Best 15 minutes of your life.
That's 15 minutes, man. Think about it. I mean, that's...
You got 15 minutes still left over after it's done to watch something else.
Perfect. Anyways, so definitely watch that. It's hilarious.
I honestly... I'm glad it was only 15 minutes long, because I was laughing so hard,
I probably would have passed out if it was any longer, so...
It was great.
Then, because remember, you have organic internal organs and you can get cancer.
Anyways, everybody who saw Robot Chicken is kind of chuckling.
They're not really laughing because it wasn't that funny, but they're chuckling a little bit.
Anybody who didn't see it is going,
Loki, shut up. I don't get you.
Um, the rest of the week, um, was filled with, uh, watching, um, well, actually, just playing, uh, Final Fantasy XI, and, um, I tried actually playing Final Fantasy X2, but then I realized that for some reason, whatever, for some reason I realized the cheat device would not work with it.
So, um, that, uh, that stopped pretty quick. That got really annoying. I just, I could not stand the voice acting, and it was just, please stop.
And then, what else did we play? Oh, the guy game! Played some of the guy game, and that was hilarious because the woman looked like she exploded.
I actually played the guy game last night with him and with Loki and his girlfriend and one of Loki's other friends and my friend Christopher was just kind of sitting in the corner playing DS going what's wrong with you people.
But I was playing the guy game. I owned at the guy game. I just like point out.
He was president.
Did you get boobies?
I got my girl to give me a lap dance at the end.
Except my girl looked like a dude.
So I was right.
But I mean she looked okay when it wasn't like a still photo of her when
she was kind of in motion she looked alright.
But the still photos did not do that girl justice.
It was like somewhere between Tori Spelling and Bea Arthur.
Seriously there was this one picture of her where she, what was the name of the model
in the game. I don't remember. She's the one that looks like a horse.
We didn't know China was in the guy game.
So anyways, yeah.
So we did that. I went and played some horse crack because I had to get rid of
some of my tokens left over from that horrible place called Golfland.
And uh... I still...
You know, my boycott still exists. You know, I just have to get rid of these tokens so that I'm
you know, rid of their evil.
And uh...
But I have to say, I eat children, my horse, in Derby Cracker, kickin' ass, and, um, what
else do I do?
Well, that's pretty much it.
Just kinda hung around.
You know, I retired a horse, like, in two days, when they got a doc over there.
This is so weird.
I haven't really been to Golf Land in, like, I don't know, four months.
I hear Country Club Lanes has In The Groove, but I'm too lazy to go over there and play
it.
What the hell am I doing this show for?
I don't know.
But, honestly, they had a new Sega shooter there.
That was kind of neat.
That game is awesome.
I didn't actually get to see it.
Go Squad?
Yeah.
That game is really fun.
Dan and I played it.
I didn't really get to play anything else.
You know, I'm really just, you know, the DDR is kind of getting old as far as, you know,
there's not been really new coming out.
And I'm starting to, like, take interest in the other arcade games again, you know.
you know, where when I was in the DDRs, kinda like, other arcade games, eh, fuck them, you know, I'm just playing DDR, you know, where now...
DDR's got a line.
Yeah, that was it, actually. There was a ton of people standing around the damn thing.
Is DDR going through a renaissance right now? Because, like, there's fucking tons of people always playing it, when I'm actually...
When I am at an arcade?
No one's playing Derby Owners Club, at all. Maybe one other person, that's why I came in second and third.
Extreme is what? Like two and a half years old now, and it's still getting these huge crowds.
And Max 2? Crazy.
There is more people on Max 2. Probably that's because the Extreme pads are fucked up.
I went and played Guitar Freaks yesterday. One, my left hand hurt like a bitch, because I'm just not used to playing it anymore.
Guess I gotta start masturbating with my left hand now, you know, get it used to that kind of stuff.
But um, but their fucking green button on there was messed up. It was like, you couldn't put it on there.
Damn that fucking green button!
Seriously, I was failing songs because of it! Fuck them! And their crappy stuff, yeah I guess you know, they got tired of, they wanted to save money apparently, cause you know, after all they ripped me off on money, so why not? Let's just not fix anything.
I hear they're actually going to get a fourth DDR machine, which will be in the groove, so that's rumored.
Fuck them, anyways. It's another machine that they won't maintain. I'm done.
Well, my weekend, my day was pretty good. I mean, gosh, Loki already kind of hit on some of the stuff I wanted to talk about, like the guy game thing going on last night.
last night that was kind of fun and you know just kind of went out earlier this
week and I've been busy with work though it's had me really exhausted so I've
been just napping a whole lot been playing a lot of Final Fantasy 11 of
course and boy did I just hit my point of frustration today I just want to quit
that game because I'm on this quest right now that you have to do you have
to do it if you want to get past level 50 and it is a bitch and it's very hard
to get people to help you with it because everybody knows it's a bitch but
finally I had some people helping me today with it and so I was very happy
but we all died I died twice I was just upset I was crying made me want to quit
and then otherwise I've been playing a little bit of DS I decided to start
playing Final Fantasy 2 on my GBA last night or not maybe actually DS but GBA
mode because I haven't really played Final Fantasy 2 ever and at first I was
I was like, well, I have to beat Final Fantasy I before I can play Final Fantasy II, but I got sick of Final Fantasy I, so I want to get back into Final Fantasy II and see what it's really all about, because I know very little about the game and the story. I mean, I know bits and pieces here and there. And I recognized the song in the beginning, because everybody knows that Imperial March song that's in Final Fantasy II, so that was cool.
and gosh outside of that not really a whole lot
I am not that exciting this week or any week
to be honest it's kind of sad let's move on
Dan would you like to share with us how your week is and how your days going and
all that stuff?
I had to deal with a sick Jamie all week
I'm sure you could all relate with how much fun that is
do you give her a bell when she's sick like she can ring a bell
Yeah, that's all she needs.
Another way to make more noise.
No, actually it was pretty good.
I took a bunch of days off this week,
which turned out to be good timing,
because even though she was sick,
it let me spend a lot of time at home with Jamie,
and we had fun.
Aw.
Well, I managed to get her to clean the bedroom, which
five years.
Not two years, five years.
We unpacked stuff I hadn't seen since I packed it
before we moved into that apartment.
It was bad.
I'm gonna be moving in April, and I'm very much dreading it.
I... oh god, it's gonna suck.
I swear to god, I'm gonna call 1-800-JUNK. Anyway.
1-800-GARBAGE.
That 1-800-GET-JUNK, or whatever it is?
Yeah.
GOT-JUNK.
1-800-GOT-TOLD.
Haven't had a lot of chance to do a lot of gaming,
which is kind of bizarre since I've been at home all week.
Sucks, but hey, whatcha gonna do?
Am I supposed to be talking soon?
Oh, yeah, it's cool, it's cool.
Our show is in constant need of stretch. More! More!
Well, now for those who don't know, you're okay with me mentioning what you do for a living?
I work for the evil empire of gaming. GameStop.
We crush all independent video game stores beneath our heels. Including mine.
I was going to say you work for a major video game dealer, but since you said it.
GameStop, Marconi, buy all your dance dance stuff from us.
I have like 15 ignition pads, okay?
I need somebody to buy them.
I'm coming on this show because I need you guys to buy ignition pads from the GameStop
on Marconi.
You go to any other GameStop, it doesn't fucking help me.
You gotta buy them from me, please.
I sold five in one week.
The company said, oh, these things are hot.
Sent me like seven cases of them.
There's two per case. I can't get rid of them. They're $100 a piece. I saw the $20 ones like
they're going out of style. Someone buy an ignition pad. Please.
You know, I went to GameStop to buy an ignition pad once. It wasn't yours. But...
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You see how that works? Fucker.
Are you doing another GameStop to buy an ignition pad?
Now I'm taking over your show. I needed an ignition pad now. At least I went
to GameStop. Yeah. Because that really helps me.
I'm sorry, I thought there was this whole corporate synergy thing going on.
At least I supported your opposition. You see, they make us compete. We fight to the death.
And I usually win because, let's be honest, the rest of the GameStop managers in this area, posers.
But really, by ignition pad, GameStop, Marconi and Fulton.
Marconi and Fulton, yes. So if you disagree with Dan's comments, come see him in person.
Come on by.
I mean, I'm already on the webcam, you know what I look like, you ain't gonna miss me.
If you're in the Sacramento area, you are hereby obligated to shop at my store.
Get all this dance dance crap out of my store.
I'll get new dance dance crap and that's fine.
You know, I went into your competing game stop once and I went and bought a new ignition
pad.
like whoa you're actually buying an ignition pad I don't think I've ever
seen anyone buy one Wow are you sure that's what you want like I'm like way
to sell it buddy way to sell it it's because aren't you supposed to ask me if
I want to pre-order the next fucking pad or something because of my involvement
with you guys with Jamie I know how shit-hot the ignition pad is it is
it's supposed to be. I've never used one, but I know it's supposed to be frickin' unbelievable.
If you're gonna play DDR at home, seriously, at all, you should spend the money and get
one. Because the $20 pads ain't worth your time. No, no, they suck. But yeah, so I pimped
a bunch of them one week and we were feeling real good about that. Boom rang around, bit
me in the come by ignition pads from me please. I have these pads over here that I don't even
use. So sad. Use them with your sick ass arcade machine. I do use them with my sick ass arcade
machine. My problem is the sick ass static electricity is created by the sick ass Lexan
that's in there it kind of you know fries my sick-ass keyboard encoder board
and that doesn't work very well static it'll stop you so I just I need to
ground those pads and then we'll be all good because goddamn it they were
expensive enough to build I don't need to be buying anymore no more anyways and
And besides, the whole reason I built the cabinet and these pads is so I didn't have to go back to Golfland.
Now they've just, you know, finalized that by trying to rip me off.
So...
Perfect! It's all coming to play.
The purpose of GameStop is to rip people off and kill their soul.
We sell the GameStop. Or MovieStop.
Yeah.
Wait, wait.
There's actually a company called MovieStop now?
They're kicking the idea around for out here.
Yeah, and they're buying games, or not games, but they're movies for their GameStops also from us.
We have a person that works in my key accounts department that doesn't know shit about anything, and he sells to them.
Ironically, when I was in Mobile, there was one right next door to an EB.
but yeah
okay so so the GameStop on one hand is an evil empire but on the other hand you need to get rid of those
ignition pads so come to the GameStop and
hey they're an evil empire but they sign the paychecks at the end of the week
I get to sell video games for a living
at least they're not Walmart yeah now that's an evil empire
A giant evil empire.
You know what? Starbucks is an evil empire, too, but that doesn't make Frappuccinos taste any less, you know, yeah, seriously.
I mean, Starbucks, actually, from what I understand, Starbucks treats its employees pretty well.
I know people that work at Starbucks and they have nice things to say about it.
My understanding is that Starbucks managers make bank.
Yeah, so Starbucks...
Stock options...
But yet people hate Starbucks because it's killing all the independent coffee shops or whatever.
Dude, did you ever go to an independent coffee shop?
No, you didn't.
Actually, I did. Shut up. You're screwing up my argument. I did.
I did, but... Okay, did you go to it a lot? No, I didn't go to it a lot. Have you gone to Starbucks more?
And the independent coffee shop did not have a drive-thru. Yeah.
And that's really the clincher for Starbucks, is that if I can, like, drive home
and, you know, pick up a... pick up a mocha latte, frappa
lotta coffee chocino thing... They weren't... they didn't have drive-thrus
and they weren't in the mall. If you work at the mall, you drink Starbucks.
because they pump something through the air. I don't drink Starbucks, but when I worked
at the wall, I drink Starbucks like a fucking fiend.
Could it be the smell of coffee in the air? No, it's not. The ball doesn't smell like
it. You go to the mall, does it smell like coffee?
Subliminal messages in the Muzak. It is funny though. If you get ice water from
Starbucks and you drink it, it tastes like coffee. I'm frigging serious, man. Try it.
Just try it. And they won't turn you down because it's like a corporate mandate from
Starbucks. If you ask for water, they got to give you water. Not to mention, you know,
humanity I hate it when I go into places and you ask for water and this is
especially bad at places that have a DDR machine ie Roseville Golf Land sucks you
want to go and you go to play DDR and then you work up a sweat and you want to
go get a nice glass ice water that'll be 25 cents for the cop then then they
They won't do it? No, probably not, because they'll claim it's unsanitary or something. I haven't tried it.
I just end up going off in a huff to the drinking fountain. Mike, you bastards, I'm pumping in a-
The drinking fountain is scary. It's got like gum and like tobacco and it's like, what the crap?
There's no way in hell I'm going to win my Oscar pool. I like lost like the last three or four or five.
Ah, dammit. Anyways, sorry to derail that whole train.
You poor, poor bastard. Anyway, back to me.
I don't know, let's go to break.
Do we get to break things on break?
Uh, possibly, because the music that we're gonna play might be something that you wanna break some music- or break some stuff to.
If it's voluntary?
No, actually it's gonna be athletics.
Woohoo!
And some folks wanted to hear War Game, so I was gonna indulge that request.
I have a vote for Disco Dog.
we will we will get disco dog in there as well and some other athletic favorite
songs
and then we're gonna come back and we're gonna talk a little bit about Bomani
no yeah we got we got news
we got big Gita Dora news big news
and we also have big UltraMix 2 stuff
even more Lou that earns a squee
now do the are the ignition pads the PlayStation 2 and Xbox kind that have both
yeah they're the dual compatible
And you know, cause you know what's funny is that when this DDR, I don't think they
do either, but you know what's funny is that if this Dance Dance Revolution with Mario
comes out in the US, which we all expect it will, they'll have to have new ignition pads
that have all three.
Incidentally, while we're on the subject of Dance Dance Revolution with Mario, which needs
to come out because the videos are hilarious, has anybody here played that, whatever it
is, MC Groove's Dance Beat?
I have only heard of the atrocities of this game.
I have never sold a copy.
They sent me some, we put a box out, we had them sitting around.
People like look at it, they see the box, they like run away screaming.
Who released it?
Is it THQ or something?
All I can say is send it back.
I can't send it back.
The company store, they sent me the shit they want in it.
You need to go put it on their doorstep and ring the doorbell and run.
And light it on fire.
Then when they step in it like they're burning Coleco plastic, they'll be like, noooo!
It's pretty bad.
Yeah, that's right here.
It's really, really bad.
It's actually by Mad Cats, the same company...
That's right, Mad Cats.
The same company that makes those $20 dance pads.
The Beat Pad.
Because after you play with them, you want to beat yourself with a stick, honestly.
It's bad.
full versions of songs, and you'd think that would be a good thing because as like parents
just don't understand and stuff, but there's really nothing else to it. I mean, besides
the somewhat interesting music, the steps don't make any sense at all, and the visuals
leave a lot to be desired. The entire game, without the music, is probably about the size
where it would fit on a three and a half inch floppy disk to use in your GameCube floppy
drive. Anyway, let's go to break. We're gonna start it off with some War Game. We'll be
We'll be back after this with more Orange Lounge Radio.
To have a fun like a girl turn on a movie
People suffer, die, that's right, I'm looking out for you
I'm put on my ass, I'm put on my kid
Put your money in my pocket, just to pull it down
I'm put on my ass, I'm put on my kid
Sleep when it rains, I'm feeling so good
How many people can I think about it?
No matter who you are, and who I don't wanna be
This city has a different reality, no about the enemy
Where I feel the curse from the cash flow is this
Everybody who I have, you don't have to think on your best
I got the blood in me I got the blood in me
You're gonna let it be
I gotta let it get out
I gotta let it
I'm holding it
If you don't feel it
for my baby
I wanna be
both of us
Don't let it be
Oh my
Oh my
Oh my
Oh my
Oh my
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio. During the break there, Dan was talking to me about a little bit of the celebrity that he gets from being the dude from GameStop.
What was some of the stuff? You were telling me you get harassed in restaurants and things?
Well, we just got an IM or a message from someone who thought that they knew who I was.
Right.
You don't know me.
But it's like you manage a video game store and you're shocked because you see all these
people come through your store and some of them you get to know because they come in
a lot.
Some of them you start to dread seeing and you know who I'm talking to if you're listening.
You're not listening, I know.
And sometimes it's like you can be, I was a thousand miles from home, I was at E3 and
guy walks up to me and he's like, I know you from somewhere. I'm like, you should know
me. I'm famous. I just wonder. Do you know me? I am so famous. But he figured out who
I was and he ran into me again and he's like, he's like, you're the guy from GameStop. And
I'm thinking, wow, this guy's probably been sitting here that whole goddamn show, three
days of video games, thinking, where the hell did I know that guy from? You've been in that
position though, haven't you before, where you swear to God you recognize somebody and
can't think of where you know him from and it just preys on your mind.
It's obvious and like I said, it's just I thought it was pathetic that it wasn't like
I was trying to think of someone who might have been a childhood friend or a grade school
buddy. This was the guy who came to me and bought Final Fantasy II weeks ago.
Dude, you delivered my pizza once. Damn, you didn't bring me any peppers. You
bastard. So yeah, it's freaky freaky.
I used to get that sometimes back when I did Rocky Horror Picture Show and I was still
around and I was emceeing and I would do the big beginning where we had like the virgin
sacrifice.
Just everyone knows who Rob is anyway.
Big dumb fun.
Well, whatever.
I've had people walk up to me and be like, you know Rob, don't you?
Shut up.
Duh!
I, uh, no, but I would be at the mall or something and like these girls would walk by me and
going like, you're the guy who took my virginity!
I'm like, don't say that with your mother there!
Trust me, it wasn't me. Bye!
That's no good.
I've had that happen. I'm just like, oh my god.
Tell your mother you mean you're Rocky, and what were you doing out after midnight anyway?
Your mom probably thought that was worse.
What? You were at Rocky?
You were at Rocky? What did you do that at?
Just what?
Well, years ago, years upon years ago, I used to have a public access show,
which actually kind of leads into the week, or leads back to the week and day stuff,
because we were so bored, what was this, last night or Friday night?
It must have been Friday night.
so bored and I was in one of those moods where I actually dug up a copy of my old public
access show and I put it on and I let my friends watch it that were here.
That was hilarious.
That would have been awesome.
I'm sorry I missed that.
Oh my god, what was I letting myself be subjected to with that?
I don't know.
Loki actually caught some of it.
Any thoughts?
It was, uh, strange.
So you know, I used to, because it used to be on public access in this area, so you know
know, when I'd be out at the mall, people would kind of be looking at me like, isn't
that that gay guy from TV? They're like, I don't want to admit that I watch it, but I
want to approach it. I don't want anyone to... That's what you do, is they approach you,
and they're like, didn't I see you on TV, and you just start pointing at, just laughing.
You watch that? You got a problem. You need to go do something. They don't want to admit
they watch public access. Well, of course, they don't want to, you know, the boomerangs
back around. And a show that I was a part of, nonetheless, on public access. See, you're
missing, don't implicate yourself. Sorry, my twin. Exactly. Well, the point is mad humiliation
of them while taking none of the responsibility on yourself, even though you're wholly responsible.
You know what, you know what it was with the show, and I've talked to my former co-host
about this before, we were just ahead of our time. Yeah. Really? Exactly. We were. Because
eventually everything's in style. Give, give the show about ten more years, it'll be ripe
and funny. I'd like to think that. Anyway, moving on, let's talk about some actual
Bomani news going on this week in the DDR world right now. We actually had Song Pack
8 finally made its way out, and this literally came the day after we had the Song Packs be
made available in Canada, and I believe it's seven bucks, Canadian, that they wanted for
the song packs which are five songs but this is huge news for those folks that
live in Canada and if you live in Canada you weren't aware of this well you know
now you can actually download all the song packs one through what eight now I
think you can at least get one through seven I'm pretty sure you can get eight
at this point now so anyway um definitely check that out if you're in
Canada and you've been wanting to get those it's definitely worth it but for
For us here in America, we've just been waiting and waiting and waiting for Song Pack 8 to
come out, because it has some new songs that are new to DDR and haven't been in DDR before,
such as Cosmic Cowgirl, that song from DDR Free, er, Guitar Freaks, not DDR Freak, that's
a different thing.
Which is a whole ton of fun to play on Drummania.
Yes it is.
And you know what's funny about the steps to Cosmic Cowgirl?
It is very similar to kind of how you play it on basic
on the guitar so I thought that was kind of funny.
And then, let's see, what else is there?
Bailalakia, Carried with the Wind
was another one. And then we have, that's also from Guitar Freaks and it's
kind of a very
poppish sort of song, like one of those lute songs.
And then also Kind Lady, Interlude,
which is cool, because Kind Lady is cool. And then we have
more deep which is coming over from Max USA 2 or whatever
and then we have another brand new one and it's a remix of in my eyes and it's
done by the folks in the band neuropa
who did the song standing still in time for Ultramix 2
and so we're gonna do we're gonna go ahead and play that for you guys cuz we
know not all you guys have an Xbox out there
you probably want to check out the song maybe you're thinking about buying the
pack
here it is a remix of in my eyes it's the neuropa mix
premiere here on Orange Lounge Radio. Enjoy!
You like to make me feel
You like to make me feel
That you don't need to feel
You like to make me feel
I will never be cringy
If I'm dead, then I'm gonna die
If I'm dead, then I'm gonna die
Alright, that was a premiere here of In My Eyes, the Naropa Mix.
That being said, what did y'all think?
DarkSagra, I know you have an opinion.
It starts with an A, and it ends with an S, and it spells ass!
another one of those I've made this argument before where they tried too
hard to put too much in it and do too many things at once no the only ever
good mix that I've heard that was not the original was the midi head one yeah
I agree the midi head one is superior. Which was also good because there wasn't any man
I'm singing.
on it is that I think it's not it's too much there's too many things going on
there's part of it well I guess it was a mix but I'd recognize part of it from
something that I totally didn't expect it to be from and I'll be thinking hey I
like that but I don't like it here and and I feel bad because I really like
Naropa and I really really really like their other song and Ultramix too I
think it's awesome but I just don't know where that mix came from honestly
Do the chatroom who just took a shot at the Sega Master System sucks.
Back on track, back on track, hold on, we can hate on people who hate Sega later.
But the remix itself is just, it's so busy and there's so much going on, I just, I don't
know, the MIDI head one I thought was way better, that one, I hate to say it, I don't
really care for it.
But the weird thing about it is, is that when you actually play it in the game, the steps
I actually like a whole lot which is kinda weird because
the steps are kinda odd and they don't really go with the beat at all but I
think that's the reason why I like it so much is because it's very
different like they're different and you think there's only so many different
patterns you can do with four arrows
and everything you can do, everything that can be done has been done
but I think that the steps to the song when I played it, it was the first song I
played in a long long time where I went huh
these steps are kinda unique I like it so for that reason it kinda made it a
fun one to dance to but the song itself
I'd like could I take those steps to put them on a different song and
I'd be much happier because that song doesn't really do it for me
I can't really see getting down to that so well maybe you guys have a different
thought we will open up the Skype line later if you guys have a thought on that
one you can definitely share your opinion there with us
www.orangelandradio.com click on interact with us and you
you can learn all sorts of detail about the Skype line. Alright speaking of the
Skype line, we're gonna go to the Skype line pretty quick and we're going to
talk to one of our buddies on the Skype line who sent us some news this week on
Gitadora, the brand new incarnation of Gitadora. It's gonna be a little
different so let's see if we can get him on the Skype line. I just sent him a
message that says we're calling so hopefully he's there and hopefully we
don't have lag issues or any of that stuff going on so we'll find out and
we're gonna talk about guitar freaks and drum mania V like the song V like peace
and now it doesn't want to call that's very odd oh it's just saying connecting
dot the dot connecting oh no and it says user not online what happened
Alright fine, what we'll do is we'll go here, we're gonna go to the list.
I'm actually very excited to be seeing at least some type of new
incarnation of Guitar Freaks and Drummania, because it seems like that series was getting
very stale.
It was kinda like, oh, here comes 9th mix, oh, here comes 10th mix, oh, here
comes 11th mix.
This is the same thing over and over.
now it sounds like that there's actually something new to expect out of this
guitar freaks and guys just you know the skyline isn't open for general calls
just yet but we'll be taking those calls a little bit later so don't get too
impatient we will get those calls later but first I want to talk about this so
what's going on right now with this is I guess it's location testing right now or
something weird's going on right now but we have a little bit of a song list we
have some song lists going on right now and we're gonna post this a little later
a romanized song list thank you very much to Dark LionXVI gave us a romanized
song list of Guitar Freaks and Drum Mania V and we're gonna post that on our
website a little later the romanized list but let's see let me point out some
highlights through the list here a brand new Thomas Howard Lichtenstein song
You'll Be a Man this is what they call it there's a band called Pooh and they
have a song called Mushroom Boy. Best Name Ever. Desrow featuring Shige with
Endless Cruising and Brad Holmes After a Hard Day and then we have some licensed
songs they're actually covers by various folks but we have Sakonabo by Otsuka Ai
and then we have Friends by Rebecca, NGS by Asian Kung Fu Generation, Nocturne
number nine by Hotei Tomoyasu, Wild Challenger by Jindoo, and this is this
is the best right here in my opinion, Misery Loo by the Spaghetti Surfers. You
remember Misery Loo? Misery Loo was a song from Pulp Fiction.
That song was awesome. And then there's gonna be some licensed
songs as performed by the original musician that go on in this as well and
let's see we're gonna try getting our buddy back on the line here again I'm
gonna tell him to call us hopefully something weird's going on there
and we have some licensed songs is being performed by the original artists and
and what I thought was interesting about this is that there's a Vanilla Ninja song
in there and you know Vanilla Ninja was a girl group that did Tough Enough
in Ultra Mix 2. Vanilla Ninja is on the list and they are doing
the song Liar, which I think is very interesting. Oh there's our buddy.
Hi, Siggy.
Hey Skye, Siggy here. Finally, we got you on the line.
I don't know what the heck happened. Skye's acting funny tonight, I don't know what's going on.
okay so we've been talking a little bit about guitar freaks, drum mania, V
we were talking about the original songs, the licensed cover songs, I was just getting
into the licensed songs performed by the original artists
and I was kind of going vanilla ninja WTF
exclamation exclamation, they're the girly band from
Ultramix 2, what the hell are they doing here? Any thoughts?
I don't know, I've never heard of Vanilla Ninja. Vanilla Ninja's the group that did
Tough Enough
in Ultramix 2 and it's also in the group. I'm not going to do a DDR Ultramix and stuff.
Do you do the in the groove thing at all? Oh, I never, never.
I never go for in the groove. Alright, well that's fine. That's my thing.
Well, I'd play a little clip but I just don't feel like it right now.
Tell me about some of the other stuff we can expect with
Guitar Freaks and Drummania V.
Stuff you've heard about. Well, not
not really much to expect but on the official website of
GITADORA-V right now. The GITADORA team is apologizing because they did not include the hidden option.
Weird.
The hidden option.
Isn't this game location testing right now or did it actually...
They're already actually playing right now.
Oh wow. Interesting.
Yeah, the official website of GITADORA-V is open.
But sometimes those websites just go up when they're location testing. Is this game actually out and about now?
There wasn't anything said about the locations yet, so that means that they're already playing.
Oh wow!
And!
Abedand!
Alright, so you wanted to introduce a little song here, something that we can actually
expect to hear in Guitar Freak's Drummy and Ivy, yes?
Yup, it is the exact licensed song performed by the original artist.
Very cool.
So, uh, Bimani Metalheads, rejoice!
Oh, is this a metal song we're gonna get to hear?
Yup, it is a metal song.
Oh boy.
Okay, so you want to introduce this for us?
So I'll introduce the song. Here it is, the Dillinger Escape Plan with Panasonic Youth.
I haven't done it in time
Now, now, for the product
What's the verdict?
Can't have us getting to know
You're so cold on the sky
That's not what I'm doing
For the last time
So this is what I want
We've come to an understanding
You and I profit
Roll on through to the race of secrets
No more excuses
Now our number's up, let's dance, lead up by the front
I'll cut my own world around both sides, TIGERS!
Will you do it without your statement?
The other side is messed right side up
And over time we try to tear the streets down
We're getting all the power for the quick The paragraph that's never been so hectic
The life that's kept firm
The mother's address
It's hand in hand
The life that's kept firm
Look what she's done
Revolution! Give us a call, there's no way!
Watch it now! Revolution! Give us a call, there's no way!
Certainly a diverse reaction to that song in the chat room and hold on a
minute cuz my head's still ringing a little bit there. Wow. This reminds me of all of the
nights when after watching Saturday Night Live I would tune in for Headbanger's
Ball. I have to sum that up with this is the perfect summation of that song in
the chat right now from SSJ 100 Matt awesomely crappy you know what okay I
guess the metalhead folks because some folks in the chat room are just cheering
at this and some people are just absolutely saying I don't even want to
play guitar freaks Drummania V right now if this song's on it but some folks are
just saying this is awesome so certainly a diverse selection of music to be in
in the next uh... guitar freaks to our media integration
i totally play that song that's just great
set my hand on her like a bitch but i'd play that song i would play that song
you get the whaling bonus for like whacking the guitar against the machine when you're done
that's the kind of song where i would wail and then swing the guitar around and smack
a roseville golf land child in the face
in front of his mother
Can you imagine the drum mania part of that song?
That's not going to be an easy song, whatever that is, that's very interesting.
Some folks in the chat room are saying, here are the lyrics to that song, and then just
banging on the keyboard, because you really can't understand.
Let me take a little clip.
Siggy, help me understand here, because you seem to be in the middle.
Help me understand what they're saying in this song.
Let me get you to the part where they're actually singing.
Sounds like...
Lords of Dishwasher Scabies, is what I heard.
I don't...
Honestly, I don't really, I haven't gotten, I haven't checked out the lyrics to Panasonic
use yet. Okay. So this is a thrash metal. So yeah, it's kind of really hard to understand.
It certainly does make me want to break things. Seriously. Alright, well, it's certainly a
sign of diversity to come in the next Guitar Freeze. Any other news on this new mix you
want to share with us? Well, let me just help you out pronouncing the songs right. Please
do because I have issues apparently yeah um this uh the carried by the wind sound
it's actually pronounced balalaika ah okay well yeah I needed help with that
balalaika okay I'll forget that but thanks for trying and then I'm gonna
mention some songs like an extra stage ancient breeze by uh oh no he day you key
and the white tornado by trick trap so wait there's two extra stages right you
get to pick. Yeah, he gets to pick. Because usually, like in the older guitar freaks,
you don't get to pick. But I noticed, I think in the newer one, like some of the
newer ones, you got, you get to start picking a little later on. I just remember, what was it,
fifth note was fourth mix with, uh, we have screensaver, um, with, uh, Carnival Day. And going,
what the hell song is this? Because it kicked my ass the first time around. I
I remember fireball. Fireballs! From like six and fifth.
But now I can beat carnival to easy. All the songs now are a lot harder than
they used to be. Yeah on the Gita Dora V there are two
special stages, which is encore uh fairy tales by uh
Izumi Mutsuishiko and the premium encore stage. Here's a
little bit interesting. The Zabu Fluta by Wanyan Panic. Now the
song the Zabu Fluta is a is a Mozart song. Hmm.
But I'm sure they've made it very difficult to play and rock out because it's a premium encore.
Any idea what the differences are between an encore and a premium encore at this point?
Well, it's kind of like a GITADORA 10-9.
Like, you know, if you have a double S on an extra stage, you get to access premium encore stage, which was a timepiece bass 2.
Right. Okay.
If you don't get, you know, if you don't get it, if you got an S, you get to access on score stage, which is, you know, which is a model DD5 on GITADORA 9. It's kind of like that.
Okay, okay. That makes sense. Sounds cool. Loki, you had a comment? You want to say something?
No.
Oh, I thought you did. You were, like, reaching for the mic, I thought.
Fine.
Alright, any other comments you want to tell us about GITADORA V until we start seeing some machines here in the States and we start getting some news around here?
There are revival songs. I'm not sure whether it's going to be an E-Amusement access or not.
But here are the songs that are going to be rev- that are revived.
Model DD2, Herring Row, Staff, Smile For You, High, Sweet Illusion, Po-Pouris d'Orange, Heaven Inside, and depend on the long version.
Come on, everybody knows that song is Po-Pouris d'Orange. Come on.
It's potpourri de orange!
It's pauperie de orange!
But I hate the French!
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
Everybody knows that song.
It's potpourri de orange.
Don't give me that de orange stuff.
It's de orange.
It's much better when you pronounce it in France, monsieur.
Just like you're listening to de orange lounge radio.
It's de orange.
It's not de orange lounge radio.
And yeah, and the other Orange Lawn song is pronounced Plutori de Marmalade.
Okay, well now I've heard Marmalade, but that's only because I know the song.
Creole Lady Marmalade.
Alright, Siggy, thanks for the updates on Gita Dora V. We appreciate it.
Even if that song gave us all a headache, we do appreciate it.
Alright, have a good one, buddy.
Alright, later.
Later!
always helping us out there. Helping me out with my pronunciation because I have
issues pronouncing things.
Because I've given up.
You know what, at some point we're going to roll you over here to this
screen so you can see this list and you're going to start reading all this
stuff so they can make fun of me.
Okay. Okay. Or they can make fun of you instead of me.
I found the lyrics. You found the lyrics?
Okay, these are the lyrics to that song.
I'm going to give you a little taste of the lyrics.
Should I do it in their style?
We wrote these plans, took the order, the architecture, and followed them to the end
until the gears ground cold and relentless.
There was no remorse, we had none, we kept on with no trace of a regret.
I never saw any blood, no soul for the body, watched them turn, her scab-covered skin...
Hey, that's the part that I thought was Dishwasher Scabies, because it's scared.
Her scab-covered skin into a stone like a coal in the sky, searching for the dawn for
the last time, bloated with wide eyes wide, we've come to an understanding.
You lose, I profit, high noon, and there ain't no secrets no more.
The song is called what?
Well, I'm not going to read the whole damn song.
And it's one giant run-on.
Yeah, the whole thing is one giant run-on sentence, which is not much of a surprise.
What's the song called again?
It's called Panasonic Youth.
I thought it was going to be about, like, VCRs and TVs and the 3DO.
When I first read it, I only heard, I don't know, somehow my eyes only caught the Sonic Youth part.
And I was like, cool, we're getting a Sonic Youth song in Guitar Freaks.
And then I was disappointed.
especially once you heard it. There is a Sonic Youth song that I would want in
Guitar Freaks and that's a hundred percent. I want way more songs in Guitar
Freaks and more home versions. We definitely need more home versions. Amen. I need to put my
drum mania controller to use. Dude, I've been session-moding it like all the
time. You just won't come down and play. Alright. If you can hear the breathing in the
background that's because we did pick up the skype line. Even though I didn't say
It was open and hell people were calling in anyway. Ah hell. Let's take a call
You're on Orange Lounge radio who dis this is Elle mullet. Hello Elle mullet. How you doing? I'm doing good sky
How about yourself? I'm okay. I'm trying to get over the dishwashers dishwater scabies song, but otherwise I'm doing okay
What's on your mind?
Well, I have recently taken the plunge into 2dx
Congratulations! How does one take the plunge, so to speak, in 2DX?
Well, you spent $250 on games in the controller.
That's quite a plunge.
Been there.
Been there, done that, yes.
And so how are you enjoying the water now that you've taken the plunge?
I am enjoying the water very much.
The water kicks my ass, but I'm enjoying it.
It's poisonous water. It feels cold and prickly.
How is it going for you? How are you warming up into the game?
Did you jump right into hard stuff, or did you just start on beginner mode or drill mode?
How are you getting into this game?
Well, I wanted to start on Light 7, but I was forced into beginner mode because, well,
two stars on Light 7 kicked my ass, and that couldn't have been right.
It's tough. It's a tough game. Have you ever played the arcade version at all?
Actually, I have a total of two times. Once in
03 when I went to Vegas and once in 04 when the machine in Vegas moved to a
different place.
So you at least had some idea of what to expect?
Pretty much. I mean I had like more
experience in the original Beatmania, actually.
I played it a few more times. Okay, right on.
So now usually there's that big question that always goes around out there is that, you
know, I'm new to 2DX, what style should I buy?
So what styles did you end up buying?
I ended up getting 7th and 8th style being as they are the most current ones.
So far I like 7th style the best because it has the more fleshed out beginner's mode and
it has more of the songs that I like.
Interesting because I kind of preferred 8th style when I played them both.
Yeah, it's kind of interesting, but okay, alright. Well of course, but we have a different perspective.
You know, we're not new.
I spent three hours playing 8th style one night.
That's pretty hot.
On New Year's Eve.
Which one has burning heat?
7th.
7th, yes.
And 7th style rocks.
It's not that I don't like 8th style, it's that 7th style is much better for me to get into.
too. I can play more songs on beginner. It's much easier for me to go through. Then I go
to 8th style, play a few songs, and go back to 7th style and cower in the corner of beginners
mode again.
There you go. So, is your goal to become a 2DX master? Are you going to pick up the other
styles at some point, or do you think this is going to be it for you, or what's going
on?
I'm looking into purchasing 9th Style eventually when it comes out but I'm leaning toward waiting
for it rather than pre-ordering for it.
I'd rather get good on the two games that I have before jumping into a third one and
spreading myself even further.
See the interesting thing about my 2DX life or whatever is that the two styles that I
don't own are 7th and 8th.
I just now that ninth is coming out though. Oh my god
I love night style song list so much that I'm gonna have to get myself back into 2dx like it or not
But my controller sucks and that's the one thing that's holding me back from playing a lot of 2dx
I don't get is why my controller which is what a good two years older than yours. Mm-hmm
It's still in perfect condition. Mine took a lot of abuse, especially when I fell off of the van
I then I don't know
I really don't know what to tell you on that one
I'd like to tell that story, but we don't have that kind of time. Well, actually we do have quite a bit of time
Told her don't take the fucking controller. You're not going to use it. We're going to a convention
We're gonna have other things to do. She's like no no, no, no, I gotta take it. It's brand new
I mean, we just got it beautiful shape. I said no, it's gonna get abused
You're gonna throw on the back of the van something's gonna happen
We get there we pull the parking garage
We pop open the back of the van.
The controller doesn't just fall out.
It like gets propelled out, flies across the parking garage, and just clatters to the pavement.
Jamie's got a look on her face like, and I'm like, see, I fucking told you that was going
to happen.
And that's probably the sound she made too, huh?
Exactly.
I mean, she looked shocked.
And that thing had been broken.
I would have never ever let her forget it, but she got off lucky and it worked just fine.
And we took it apart and gave it a little service and you know
We didn't take it apart that day. No, we took it all apart
We cleaned every button and it works a lot better now. We did that recently. We didn't do any of that
No, no, we didn't do it that day
We didn't do any of that bizarre shaving the buttons like some idiots that we know is what I refuse to
But I didn't shave the buttons. That's why you're smart
But you know
I'm a mad scientist here build you a real controller take the
to take the circuit board out of that old controller.
Because he'll never finish it.
He doesn't finish any of his projects.
The only one he's ever finished is the orange Xbox thing.
Now, now, I've finished those pads.
Hey, look.
The pads are done.
And they broke after like a week.
They did not break.
They work perfectly fine.
It's just they build up a lot of static electricity.
The trick is to get it done cosmetically before you
get it done functionally.
Because it's like your arcade cap.
This thing works.
So it's like, damn, why should I work on it more?
It works!
It doesn't look so great.
Alright, we've got our caller on the line, our poor caller sitting there just listening
to us yell at each other.
Hi.
Hi, how you doing?
I will get to that 7th style break at some point, because I know you wanted to hear some
7th style music to celebrate your 2DX goodness.
Burning heat!
Um, anything that you think the home versions are lacking versus the arcade version, having
played both?
I've had such little experience with the arcade version, I wouldn't know what to say, what
to do. I can't really comment on arcade song list versus home song list because these are
the only songs that I know right now.
So politically correct. That's alright.
If I could say that my controller is a little unresponsive in some portions, the turntable
Right now is the bane of my existence. I'm so tempted to turn on auto-scratch, but then I don't learn anything.
Out of curiosity, what kind of controller did you pick up? Did you pick up an official Konami one?
Yes, I did. The official Konami one.
Good for you. Those are the ones you want to get. Good job.
Well, and just take very, very good care of it. Like, seriously, the next one I get, I'm going to put it back in the box every time I play.
I'm going to wrap it back up so that a damn piece of dust does not get into that thing
because I don't know how my current controller got ruined, but it's just screwed beyond belief
and it makes me sad.
Anything else you want to share with us today, ElMullet?
That's pretty much it.
I'm in 2DX and I'm not off the DDR bandwagon yet.
Alright, sounds good.
Good, because we don't, you know a lot of people when they go over to 2DX, they start
adopting that DDR sucks attitude, you know what I'm saying?
Believe it or not, I can kind of see where they're coming from because 2DX is a hell of a lot more challenging than DDR is.
It's just, it's a different game.
I'm not sure I believe that.
It's a different game, yes it is. Comparing apples to oranges.
I'm not sure I believe that either because, and I know, oh god, I'm going to get shot, I'm already getting hate mail right now for that statement, but it's, I mean with DDR you're moving your whole body.
body. With 2DX, you're moving your fingers. Now granted, you know, it may take longer
to get better at this or whatever, but it's certainly a different type of challenge. Like
definitely one of them is challenging your physical ability, while one of them is kind
of challenging a little more your musical and rhythmic ability. So it's very different.
They both come down to smashing the right button at the right moment.
That's where people make the mistake. You have to go to town on DDR.
Where on Beatmania, I've seen this dude playing it with one hand.
And obviously the dude was some sort of freaky nature.
And it was fantastic. It can't be that much harder.
You see these what? What's the biggest song? Is it like a ten foot these days?
Oh, on DDR? Yeah, ten foot.
You could go over to Nucleartastic or something?
in the groove and they have like 13s,
pandemonium or something like that,
is like a super tough song.
I remember watching these people play like,
you know, like the eight foot songs, like in the day.
And I'm watching these songs, like, I don't know,
what was the one, Dropout or something like that.
And I'm watching you guys play this, I'm like,
oh dear God, what the hell?
You can't move that fast.
The person that does the 2DX one-handed
would go over to DDR and probably,
ah, ah, after playing a song.
And the person that plays DDR and plays the 14 footers
or whatever, would probably go over to 2DX and go TOO MANY LINES! TOO MANY LINES!
That's pretty much how I went into it.
Honestly, you want the most complicated game I've seen in that whole series. It's that frickin' poppin' music.
I looked at that game and I'm like, what's this like? Beatmania for retards?
It's so cute!
It's really easy with the huge buttons and everything.
And so Jamie throws down like one of the harder songs and I was just like, oh god!
This game's horrible.
looks can be deceiving my friend
you are with the cartoon bunnies that's where they get you is all about keyboard
maniac god bless keyboard mania rest your soul in peace i miss you
i think that they kill it
yeah well pretty much i mean
it's on indefinite hiatus basically so that means that the head yeah basically
him
all right we're let you go cuz i got like other people that are hammering the
lines i want to get in all yes please work in your plug
inside polls dot com my columns on friday's read it
please at the pays the bills note i don't think shit for this
but i think you get to go to eat three because of it because you have a column
on your final exams i'd give you a lot of that occurred
they always organized final exams when he three years and i hate my college i
hated the death
only how many more years college
uh...
the end of this year i should be out finally then we'll see you next year
and that's excellent
all right have a good one buddy
later later
let's see let's go over to
this one hi you're on orange launch radio
hey what's up it's ron from new york how you guys doing good hello ron from new
york how you doing
i'm doing good i'm just glad to hear you guys after not hearing you for about three weeks
yeah what's up where you been
well my computer was down for a couple of weeks and then um...
my aunt made a cosplay cup
We were getting ready for Capticon and we were taking Sundays for rehearsals.
Okay, okay. Yeah, people like to use Sunday nights for other things, even
though they should understand that this program is on, I mean...
Hello. They should all be in church. Worshipping us.
Just kidding. This is my church right here. This is my church.
Church of Orange on Radio. Amen! Amen!
Can I get an amen? Testify my brother!
God, that's a scary notion. That is a scary-ass notion.
Don't praise us. Don't. You being the head of a church? We're just, we're just,
we're just big stupid kids like the rest of you. Rob, you can't,
you can't deny the financial opportunities
in being the head of a church. Plus, when you get tired of it being a church, it can, it can
become a cult.
And then you can be a cult leader. Okay, I'd be one of those churches that would be like on the
daily show because we have the topless preachers. I mean, that would be...
What church is this?
That's what I'm talking about. Well, if you guys were a church,
it'd be a tax riddle. Oh my god, he's got a point.
If we were a church, we could write this shit off on our taxes.
That's what I was telling you. You can't deny the financial opportunity.
Can I get an amen?
There's a guy I met at Coast Con eight years ago who has the Church of the Great Green Frog.
He did it just so he could have the tax write-off.
and he was going around passing get out of hell free cards
there is a first church of pac-man as well
there's also the partridge family cult
i can you not the partridge family cult exists that's hot
this guy's having problems it was it fully looked like the monopoly card
except it had a frog with wings wearing a tuxedo and it's and it was
the church of the great green frog i'm gonna see if i can if you have a website
Anyway, before we got off on that tangent, how was the convention that you went to?
It was really good. Some people complained it was in two different hotels, but I had a great time overall.
It was packed as hell, and it was tons of Naruto cosplayers. Gee, I wonder why.
Because it was Naruto-kan?
That, and it was licensed just that week.
Oh, yeah, that's right. I heard that news. Very cool.
Yeah. We got together for the giant photo shoot. There was about 200 of us. We're all in front of the hotel. People that want to take our pictures are going into the streets. We're telling people to drive around us. Security's coming out and telling us, oh, you gotta move, you gotta move. There's 200 of us. Where are we going to move to?
Were they taking pictures, like, for promotional purposes as well? Like, are you gonna be famous?
Nah, there was a giant Naruto cosplay photoshoot, so everybody wanted to jump in on it.
That's still pretty cool. Very cool.
Yeah, I can post links to some pictures if you'd like later.
Post them in the chatroom. Let our chatters check it out. Be cool.
Then I will in just a bit.
Alright, sounds good. Any video gaming going on at the convention?
I couldn't even make it over to the gaming section.
All I know is that if it was the same setup like last year, there was like maybe two...
There's probably one American Idol set up, two karaoke revolutions...
Wait, wait, wait. American Idol?
Yes, I'm serious.
At one of these conventions? What the heck? That's not...
That's not Japanese. What is that?
That's crap.
Well, I'm...
After Gwen Stefani's CD, I'm calling...
They're gonna try to get her to come to a con to sing any of those songs.
And I'm done. That's when I'll retire.
Wow. Wow. Okay, okay.
I think... You were breaking up a little bit there, but I picked up most of that, I think, about the Gwen Stefani CD
CD and after her latest inspirations and everything.
Very interesting.
Wow.
Alright.
Anything else you wanted to share with us tonight, when you called in?
The skit that we did.
We did Naruto to Ninja Rap, we won best technical job.
Best technical job.
What exactly is the technical component of a skit at an anime convention?
The fact that the tech group loved, the fact that they were able to post Go Ninja Go on
in the big screens while we were dancing.
That's very cool.
Yeah.
Very cool.
All right, well, congratulations on the award.
What did you get for that?
We just got a trophy.
That was it.
It seems that cons are getting cheaper and cheaper.
I remember when you won, they gave you
a box set and a stack of music and other stuff.
Now it's just a certificate.
Hey, you got a Naruto-Con trophy.
Who needs a fucking Oscar, right?
True.
I have my fandom.
There you go. Alright, before I let you go, can I get an amen?
Amen!
Thank you very much, have a good one.
You too. Later.
I'd like it to be said that that whole phone call is like, why I don't go to anime conventions anymore.
Why not?
Have you been to an anime convention?
Not in a long time. Wait, hold on there, caller. Not in a long time.
The skits, you wait like three hours to get in and see the skit. It's like huge. It's like the best thing there.
And they're just terrible.
You know what? We should go do a skit at a convention sometime, because we would own.
We had really good ideas, but you know, we could never do them.
Because they'd kick us out.
Our technical award is getting our asses kicked out of the car.
Let's do the Church of Orange Lounge skit.
All right, sarcastic caller, I hear you over there.
Shut the fuck up!
Let's go to the caller. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah, this is Legend of Zaku, always unfaithful.
What's on your mind, Zaku?
This is the one and only Legend of Zaku.
Did you hear that little smart-ass sitting over there going...
All this jive about Dillinger...
waiting for us to shut...
I'm sorry, Zaku, I will shut up now so you can talk.
What's on your mind?
It needs to be the Legend of Hang-Up.
All this jive about Dillinger Escape Plant's song on Guitar Freaks and Drummania.
The fact that it was basically shunned upon in this chatroom, no offense.
And, you know, Eyes of Metalhead, I mean, I mean, what's the deal with the rest of the chatroom?
Why is, like, you know, it's almost, it's almost split, let alone almost, you know, leaning towards hatred, towards this song.
You know what, Zaku?
See, I sense a bunch of haters about this.
Zach was the same thing whenever anyone brings up smile DK
brings up erotic brings up
ready for you it's either love it love it hate it hate it
got smiling KB for you in Iraq all
yes see but I kinda like them
so about it yeah okay
yeah but think about it sky think about it I mean
you have a song you have Konami right here who's basically have the balls to
to even license the song in the first place, so that way they could attract a newer type of group.
They're being very eclectic with the songs that they have so far.
And so, you know, if they were to go stateside with Gudadora, they would pick up the metal heads like that if they had that song.
Well, here's my thought. If they have the balls to license that song, I mean, as interesting of a selection as it is or whatever,
why don't they have the balls to put out a new DDR?
stop right there, okay? Well, that's a different story, but regarding this... No self-reflecting metalhead would ever play Guitar Freaks. Yeah, that's a different story, but regarding this one? Ever.
What? Oh, now that's a pretty controversial point, Dan. What would you, what makes you say that no metalhead would ever play Guitar Freaks?
Because, let's be honest. Because I've seen... Guitar Freaks is silly. I've seen... You're playing this plastic guitar. How about Drummania?
Now, drum mania is a lot cooler than guitar freaks, because drum mania is actually hammered
on a drum.
I can see somebody being like, you know, guitar freaks, I play guitar freaks at home, right,
and I got my little plastic ukulele, and I'm wailing out hard to whatever song I can play
on the home version, and I'm like, dude, I look stupid, but in my mind, you know, I'm
like, you know, a god of rock, and that's awesome, but it's like, we're going to get
When you get a metalhead, right? A real metalhead, which there aren't any more real metalheads.
You've all died out!
People who play the guitars are metalheads.
People who play in a band are metalheads.
The people who are real metalheads play the guitar.
I don't play the guitar freaks.
They play drum, they play bass, they play all that, they're in the band.
I've seen guys with mullets playing guitar freaks.
Well yeah, no, no, no. bullet and metalhead...
Well, alright.
Yeah, gotcha!
got told. But still. Think about it. Think about the metalheads that play not only DDR
but bimani games in general. Like me. I, you know, it started off with DDR and then it
moved on to other games like 2DX. And you'd never see a metalhead playing DDR. Ever. But
Zaku is saying he is a metalhead who's playing DDR. Zaku's a faker. Yeah, that's true. Metalheads
do, metalheads do two things, right? They smoke weed and they listen to metal. And that's
Hey man.
That's bull, man.
It's just a stereotype.
It wouldn't be a stereotype if it wasn't true.
You'd be surprised at the number of people that play DDR, not just regular, not just...
No, no, I wouldn't be, trust me, I wouldn't be surprised at the number of people who play
DDR.
I'd be surprised at the number of metalheads who play DDR, because as far as I'm concerned,
that number is zero.
Yes.
Well, no, you got one right here.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Vaku, congratulations.
You are the exception that proves the rule.
I'm wrong.
are rushing to arcades right now to throw down the mad dance dance action
because you know the brand of electronic hip-hop or not even hip-hop electronic
pop music inside of it really appeals to the rocker in their soul
yeah but we're different, well we play DDR remember that I know yes you are
Dude, nothing like B4U, the fucking J-pop metalhead rockers.
That's what I'm talking about. You know it's true. There is no self-respecting metalhead who would hear the music from a B-mani machine and not run over and kill it.
Now maybe that one song we just heard might be the beginning of the metalhead bimani renaissance. It's not happening.
I need to clarify something for Zaku. We've made careers out of taking things out of context, okay?
Politicians do it every day.
And, incidentally, the opinions of my fucked up self are in no way, shape, or form the opinions of Orange Lounge Radio, or anybody else in the whole damn world.
But they're pretty damn funny.
Exactly, I agree with that.
Quick buck on my program.
The fact of the matter is this, you know, there's not only metalheads or any other type of people playing DDR
Dude, you're taking off his headset
Yeah, people who listen to rap music, but yes, rap people playing DDR, you know, punks, scots, metalheads, as I said before
Almost everyone plays them
Don't forget fags
Even if you might not know it
Exactly
That's just killing it, that's just killing it, you just killed it right there.
Sorry.
Konami has the balls to go that far, I mean, you know, live with it, I mean, that's what
they did, it's already been done, the license has already been acquired, and it's gonna
be in there no matter what you say. That's it. Seriously, I've been arguing for years
that there needs to be more metal music in Guitar Freaks. Because it would appeal to
me. But again, I can't really see a real metal head going out there playing. Yeah, but you
don't know that for sure. Sorry, I'm sorry if I'm talking over you. You have to take
for a second and think of Konami's rationale. What do they want out of Guitar Freaks and
any other Bomani game. You know, more people. In most cases they would love to pick up many
types of people. Not just the typical regular person who probably doesn't listen to metal,
but just a new type. Spread out their base a little. So that way they get everyone. And
they get more, you know, and that's more salient than that.
You know what? You know what? The bottom line is, and we gotta move on soon. As much as
Of course I enjoy it when you call into the show Zaku because damn I haven't laughed this
hard in months.
I think the Gita Dora mix is promising to be a very diverse selection of music.
And if we win over some metal heads, then hey great.
And if we don't, well we always have the fags, right?
It wins for everyone because the more it's eclectic, the more everyone will join in.
Incidentally, since the games aren't meant for America anyway,
they're just appealing to the Japanese Metalhead. And the Japanese Metalhead
is stuck in 1988.
When metal was metal. That is a very good observation. Before it was
RAWR! RAWR! RAWR! RAWR!
The one game is RAWR!
More 80's rock. On that note, Zack Kocarfreak.
And I'm putting up the horns. Watch the webcam. The horns are up.
I think we should bury the hatchet right now. I think it's done. I think I flamed and ranted long enough. I made my point clear.
All right.
The metalhead's in the bikini scene. That's it.
Have a good one, Zaku. Thank you for your...
Good man, Zaku.
Goodbye.
Later.
Bye.
I can hear that a little bit, by the way, just so you know.
All right.
Wow.
Damn, you need to come visit us more often. That was good stuff.
Alright, I need a break after that. I need to breathe a little bit.
Alright, we'll open up the Skyline later for
more of you guys who want to call in. In the meantime though, we've got a cage match to get to.
We want to get to the FUs of the Week as well and some other
news. Maybe we'll have time for a DDR Freak post of the week. I don't know, we'll see.
Speaking of DDR Freak,
Friday nights, check it out, Orange Soft Radio Rewind.
Maybe you are checking us out right now on the rewind over there. We appreciate
their support in helping us out
and their efforts to help us
convert people to the Church of Orange Lounge. Can I get an Amen?
Amen. Amen. Alright, that's great. That was some enthusiasm there.
Alright, let's go to this. In fact, I have a somewhat
inspirational sounding piece here to kick off our seventh style break of
music. So we'll start it off with this one
called Glorious Days and we'll be back after this. Because every day Orange Lounge Radio is on
it's a glorious day, right?
So Damn Glorious!
What kind of love am I?
Thanks for watching!
Baby, it's long, let's go We change the door, the lights will go
Whoa Baby, it's long, let's go
Life forever, can't wait till tomorrow
I want you baby, maybe tonight
I take you far away
I see you dancing
Shining like a jewel
Burning for love
In the golden light of love inside of
My breath, my heaven
Your precious fire for me
Baby it's all this gold
Reaching out, I don't wanna let you go
Baby it's all this gold
Can't wait till tomorrow, baby it's all in gold
Reaching out, I don't wanna let you go, oh
Baby it's all in gold, it's all in gold
Can't wait till tomorrow
I need you, baby
What is it for you?
The beauty of the night
The beauty of life
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, after, oh man, I had to catch my breath after, I
was just laughing so hard.
Dan, you crack me up.
I'm glad you're here.
That's what I do.
Go buy an ignition pad at the Marconi GameStuff.
Be the first in line to be berated by Dan.
That's right. Dan will berate you and your taste of music in person and tell you...
Only if you don't, you know, you step up saying, I'm the DDR playing metal freak.
You know what? At the next DDR tournament, I'm going to find a bunch of metalheads to, you know, send you a special F.U.
Well, Zach has already proven that he's the exception to the rule.
I think we can find at least one other.
There was another guy in the chatroom saying that he was...
I'm saying my argument is now null and void.
I said no metalheads are Bimani fans and he said I'm a metalhead, I don't want to be on
BIMA, so I don't have any way to disprove his metalness.
I can't say that his Bimani-ness makes him less of a metalhead.
The truth is the guy might eat, sleep, and breathe metal and then go out and play DDR.
Maybe he puts on a Walkman and listens to metal while he's playing DDR.
So basically you got pwned.
I got told.
That's what I said.
You know, you said, you said, I'm a metalhead, so I guess I'm wrong. I got told.
Alright, uh, Loki, you were wanting to say, mention something there?
Um, crap, I don't even remember now, um, damn, I don't remember.
I just tried to blank.
You were bugging to back me up.
I was, I'm sure I was.
I appreciate it. I don't want to alienate, I don't want to alienate Elizabeth.
I cannot remember what the hell I was thinking, it just like, went away.
Oh, and I remember, and I remember. I was just gonna say, yeah, Metalhead's playing DDR, that was like the black people watching the films nominated for the Oscars, as Chris Rock was pointing out in the beginning of the Oscars. That was great.
Yeah, he was going around at, what was the theater, the Magic Johnson theater, asking the people if they'd seen Sideways or Million Dollar Baby. They're like, no, and he says, what was your favorite movie of the last year? And some of them are like, Chronicles of Riddick.
What are you laughing at there?
Tell the listeners what's up. The link that DJ Ron Mazz posted in the chat room
of the PlayStation 3. It's not for real though, is it? What is it?
It's a fake, but it's funny. Nobody knows what the PlayStation 3 is.
Well, you know, I just, we just got a new submission for Orange Launch Radio. I'm
having to turn it down because it's not
citing a source for more information, but somebody did send us a new submission
that says
coming to us from Summer Dog says Nintendo will debut the Nintendo Revolution in May at E3.
Well, we'll find out when we're at E3.
That's old news. All three console makers were going to be debuting their new consoles at E3.
We'll be lucky to get to attack them on the PS3.
So, that's not surprising. I knew that was coming.
Yeah, we'll be lucky to get to attack them on the PS3, I swear.
What people don't know is the connectivity with the DS, which will be with the new system, because it will be also wireless Bluetooth or whatever it is.
I think Sony will be downplaying the PS3 at E3. I think they'll be really trying to push the PSP. And I don't think they have enough of a system together yet.
All they've said is, cell processor rocks and it's finished, and that we're using an
upgraded emotion engine as VIO.
All I know is we're selling UMD movies now, we're distributing them, so.
Oh yeah?
That's sad.
I don't really want to see that format take off at all.
It won't.
I think it's gonna flop just like DVHS.
What's DVHS UAS?
Yeah, that's right.
Special VHS.
Well, I was, we were talking about this briefly on the podcast, which by the way, if you haven't
check out the podcast, check it out, www.orangelaunchradio.com and click on Orange Launch Radio to go for
more information on the podcast. Check it out, bitches. But what we were talking about
on there a couple weeks ago, we were talking about the UMD format and how potential is
this thing to be successful, and I said not really, because there's a very limited capacity
of movies that can be shown on the PSP that would be popular, such as maybe children's
shows and action big bang movies like Hellboy, you know, Batman, whatever.
You'll see anything that's owned by Sony. Yeah, and Spiderman.
Columbia Pictures, Action Flicks. Yeah, you're not going to be seeing dramas
on the PSP. Exactly, you wouldn't see drama, foreign films,
you are not going to see that stuff on a PSP.
With a new format, it's not going to happen. DVD has taken over the market.
It's been the first thing since VHS to do so.
There's always been a superior format to VHS out there.
Like beta?
Beta, laserdisc, you know, all sorts of stuff.
None of it could ever take over the market.
The only thing I could see that possibly happening with this is the price point's pretty good.
It is $19.99 retail for these, which is kind of like that sweet number for like movies
and stuff that you could see like, you know, a new release movie coming out UMD or whatever
at the same time.
But it's just really honestly, the format less, and this is a big if, unless like the
new PS3 is gonna play UMD and DVD or something like that, you know, I don't really see any
people buying stuff just to take it with them on the road.
I mean, do you really need to watch, you know, Spider-Man 2 that much?
And the difference, you know, a lot of times people, you know, have DVD players in cars
and I can see this is why they're trying to market this.
But that's because each individual kid has their own screen or there's an essential screen
there.
You're right, kids are going to try to share a portable game system to watch a movie.
It's not going to happen.
Well, it's just that Sony develops technology, and they feel compelled to use this technology
somehow.
Like Minidisc.
How many years has Sony spent trying to pimp Minidisc?
They're still trying to pimp that shit.
700.
Yeah, they're still.
They're still trying to push MiniDisc as a viable format, and MiniDisc will never be
a viable format.
Yes, it has its uses, sure, it's a neat little machine.
You know, if the PSP took MiniDiscs, that would rock.
But it's not happening.
That would have been a smart idea.
Yeah.
Because the discs are the same size, am I not correct?
About?
Except for the UMD is rounded.
Oh, jeez.
So, but yeah, it's like, if your PSP could play MiniDisc audio, that would be sick.
It's the same thing with the UMD movie format.
It's like Sony developed the technology and they're a publicly traded company.
So it took them a gajillion years and stock orders are going, what the crap are you going
to do with this UMD?
And Sony was like, we're going to make a portable game system out of it.
Now they're like, we can play movies with it, too.
They feel compelled to use it and that's good.
It'd be nice that it takes off and I think that it's cool to have a handheld that's going
to play discs. And this proprietary new format will never, ever, ever... Do anything else.
No, be able to be pirated to a PC to be played on an emulator. Oh sure. Or pirated over the
internet. Because it's proprietary and we'll never, they just can't read them. You know
that in like 20 minutes they're going to be on Licksang. Licksang's going to be like,
you can only buy these for purposeful backing up. Very legal. Don't pirate. You'll get a
a suit. Hey, man. Alright. Well, we'll see how the format does when the launch of the
PSP is coming up very soon. Do you remember the launch date? It's March... March 24th.
March 24th. If you live in the Sacramento area, GameStop, Marconi and Fulton, come reserve
yours now. If you don't, when you come in to buy one, and I don't have any because I
won't, I'm going to laugh my ass off. I will not be getting a PSP on launch day. We'll
I've decided.
Alright, that sounds good.
I traded in a DS.
Oh, see, I love my DS.
We had two.
I still have my DS.
Oh, that's good.
It's our DS now.
It lives in my laptop bag.
Okay, well, I guess it's my PSP.
Alright.
Oh, God told.
Alright.
She made me just pop me the bird.
Can you believe that that kind of behavior would be going on here?
Look at that.
Well, if you think about what it means in slang terms, you know, hey, hot.
yeah let's get to the orange lounge radio cage match shall we three songs
doing battle with each other and you get to pick the winner www.orangeloungeradio.com
click on chat to participate it's just a fun little thing we do to do for you
guys to have an input and a say and what goes in orange lounge radio lives 24
hour a day, seven day a week, Bamani Music and More program. You get one song to put
in there. So, here are your three choices for tonight. The way this works, we play three
songs for you guys. The one that gets the most votes from you guys in the chatroom goes
into rotation all week long. You only get to hear a clip of the song that won last week.
And speaking of last week, we actually had a song win for the third time, which means
If it wins tonight, it is retired forever, and it will become only the third song in
Orange Lounge history to lay claim to that title, which is very interesting because we've
retired quite a few songs in the past couple months.
All the retired songs were just recently in the past few months, so very interesting.
All right, here it is for the fourth week in a row, going for its final win and that
ultimate retireship freeze-pop with stakeout
I've got a plan in mind for you, I'm waiting till the time is right
I know that you like what I do, no need to put up a fight
Watching you from far away, you look so sweet and clueless
Soon I'll move in on my prey. It's time for me to do this.
Watching and waiting
The feeling is elating
Finding my time
Can't let you see me, can't let you see me, can't let you see me
Alright, that was last week's winner for the third time in a row, Freeze Pop with Stake
Out.
some new songs that are going to challenge that tonight. And we're going to start it
off with Loki's pick. Loki, what did you pick for us tonight?
Uh, Girls. The hell? Okay, I picked, no I did not pick Girls. That joke is old and done
with, I missed my opportunity for that joke, don't worry I'll come back. And um, so I picked
a different song I picked another a different drama label artist and this
group is called the dignity of labor and their song actually the one only song I
see that this artist has done at least it's on a different drum called xrv the
never aka mix and it's I don't know what the hell an xrv is I didn't listen to
the lyrics of the song but it sounds cool so this is the song for you all
right from a different drum the dignity of labor XRVs and ever after me and I
even it edited down for you guys because you know it was a club type song you
know so I edited the end down so don't listen to all that no drum track and
everything but it's still a good six minutes long it's like five and a half
my thing says six and a half it should not be hold on a second here oh you
probably copied it earlier does that say edit on it okay that's because you
didn't copy the right one I was prepared you just tried to screw me over damn it
I had it all ready to go for you, and I took all the extra time to edit it down for you, and you know what, this is the thanks I get.
See, a six and a half version would have been the one with, you know, the outro on it. So I got rid of that, so you don't have to listen to it, you know. So now we have the one that's, you know, good.
Alright, here it is, dignity of labor, XRV, enjoy.
There is a fallacy on your shield A fabrication you can't reconcile
And all around you crumbles like a brittle tie
And the way you keep yourself concealed Is like a vacant threat
Beside that certain smile And deep inside you rings a tone you can't deny
I may be blind, but I can't see The sex of the old man
If you're looking for a reason I can show you all I see
It reflects on me
Imagination
Imagination
It's integration
With the imagination of me
There is no form I cannot penetrate If only you could see the pain I feel in you
A mirror to your soul is free Without a trace of vanity
I'll share with you the mastery Reveal your agony with XRV
Yeah, yeah
XRV, yeah
Okay, that was song number two in tonight's cage match. The Dignity of Labor with XRV, the Neveraca mix. Was that A-okay or was it A-S-S? Jamie.
There wasn't enough variation in it to really make it. It was very generic sounding, I'm sorry. It was better than Freeze Pop, I'll give it that.
Better than Freeze Pop, that's all you need to know. Low-key, is that all you have to say about it anymore?
anymore it's better than freeze pop anything is better than freeze pop
anything anything I mean it give it a score it gets a better than freeze pop
score Dan your opinion on the song and then you give it something on a scale of
one to ten that song was eternal I didn't think you would ever and that
That being said, it didn't suck. It was just really long. I'll give it a 7.
I disagree with Loki. Freezepop is better than that song. Not that that song was bad, it was just very, very, very long and very, very, very dry.
Like, I think I could cut about a minute and a half out of that song and I'd really like it, but as far as the, like, six and a half minute marathon mix, man, whatever, no.
So I give it a six for the number of minutes it almost was.
For dry, long, free-rise is awesome.
Jamie, your turn, your pick. What'd you pick for us tonight?
I know it's a remix of Bloodhound Gang.
It sure is. The Bad Touch.
Yes, but it's by KMFDM.
Yeah.
Which should be interesting.
Yeah, I remember I had forgotten that I had it and then I looked on a DVD like oh I have this cool
All right. So here it is. Anything else you want to say about it?
Let's do it bloodhound gang the bad touch kmfdm mix. Enjoy
Well now, we call this the act of making, but there are several other very important
differences between human beings and animals that you should know about.
Can you do the kind of stuff that holy prince would sing about?
So put your hands down my pants, and I'll bet you'll feel nuts
Yes, I'm Cisco, yes, I'm Ebert, and you're getting two thumbs up
You've had enough of two in touch, you want it rough, you're out of bounds
I watch you smother, once you've covered, like my waffle hound, sash browns
I'm a different X, I will reach you apex, just like you before
Stop, you are inclined to meet me, rise an hour early, just like daylight savings time
You and me, baby, ain't nothing but mammals
So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
Do it again now
You and me, baby, ain't nothing but mammals
So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
Oh, here's one of them
Love, the kind you clean up with the mop and bucket
Like the lost catacombs of Egypt, only God knows where we stuck it
Hieroglyphics, let me be specific, I wanna be down in your south seat
But I got this notion that the motion of your ocean
Being a small craft advisory
So if I'm exercising
With eyes, eyes, eyes and thighs
You suck my battleship
Please turn me on
I'm Mr. Coffee
With an automatic tip
So show me yours
I'll show you my tool job
You'll love it just like Lyle
And then we'll do it doggy style
So we can both watch your smiles
Do it now
You and me, baby
Not too long ago
So let's do it like they do
On the Discovery Channel
Do it again now
You and me, baby, ain't nothing but mammals So let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
You and me, baby, ain't nothin' but mammals So let's do it like they do on the Discovery
channel Do it again now
You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals so let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals, so let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
You and me baby ain't nothin' but mammals, so let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel
We're the boy now We're the boy now
All right, that was Bloodhound Gang with a Bad Touch, KMSDM mix, song number three tonight.
Let's see what the folks in the studio thought of that one.
Jamie?
I love that song, and I had set it aside, and then I found the mix and was like, I love
this mix.
It's a great mix of a great song, so it gets a 9.8 infinity.
I think she's forcing her own song.
Because I get to vote for any damn song I want to, as official goddess of this radio station.
Well, also you have to remember though, yeah, you got pwned again.
You have to remember that we...
I get pwned all the time.
We actually don't get to vote for the winner. We just get to give our big fat opinions. It's like American Idol.
Simon gets to give his opinion, but he doesn't get to pick the winner so it's like that Loki your opinion
Get the time because it's cam FDM
And it's better than freeze pop
I actually like the original song quite a bit, but I'm sorry Jamie. I really did not take that remix at all I
Wasn't feeling it. I'm sorry. I like the Eiffel 65 mix of that song a lot, but maybe because it's more euro
I don't know, but I wasn't into that one. I can only really give that a six as well. I'm sorry
Dan
That remix was the mad generic. It's like words from the song
Words from the song it gets like a four and a half. That's only because if I scored any lower then y'all throw heavier things
All right, well while Jamie
Oh, three and a half.
While Jamie finds something heavy to throw at Dan,
let's recap the three songs you can vote for tonight,
starting with Freeze Pops, Stakeout.
One and a half.
One and a half.
Shake you out.
6.9.
I'm on a stakeout.
song number two the dignity of labor with x r v
and song number three the bloodhound gang with bad touch the apple sixty
uh... sorry bad touch and no euro crap on my phone thank you
Sorry, wishful thinking there. The KMFDM mix.
Alright guys, place
vote now. Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with
your votes. Boy, did I fuck that one up, didn't I?
Doo doo doo doo doo.
Now your words are a mix.
Alright, Loki! What's going on in the Sims scene lately?
Rob, have we heard
any more news about the election that was last year?
What in the hell
are you talking about? Just say no because there's nothing going on
on the sim scene nothing zero nada there's more going on in my bathroom right now than
there is in the god damn sim scene dude their bathroom is scary too nothing to be honest
there's more sim files out there guess what they still suck there's more really crappy
songs that people make that still really suck and there's more max remixes out there that
still really suck. To be honest, I think you really need to go out and play another game.
Because, because honestly there's nothing for you on the internet as far as setme is
concerned. Do you really need any more sim files? I mean, my God, there's like thousands
of them out there. You can't tell me that you honestly play all of them all the time.
So, really, you know, get into another game. Maybe, you know, discover girls. I don't know.
just something else but really there's nothing going on at all in the sim scene
nothing nada
except for one little thing and that's just that this
loki doing his part to promote the hari
this is pdrxxmix official website
they're doing version 2.0 right now and they have this funny little thing on there
i just have to read it
because it's just you know funny
and um...
it is
this little engrish thing it says
How can we stand as dancer to dance?
So I just thought that was funny and that's all that I have to contribute as far as that.
How can we stand as dancer to dance?
What was that thing you were looking at? I saw you looking at something earlier.
It was like a popin'
music StepMania thing and I thought that looked interesting.
Uh, StepMania, the pop candy theme that's not even available for download, so that's it.
There's nothing going on, really. I mean,
nothing not a uh...
ddr uk is gone
uh... ddr maniacs is never coming back as far as i'm concerned it's been gone for
months so
really does anyone miss it now uh...
it's just it's gone
ddr uk i'm sure you're gonna come back someday but
it's gonna be too late anyways it's just like the melting pot remember that old
ass sight that used to be around
uh... it's gone so um...
I'm afraid to say it, but yeah. There's nothing going on in the sim scene. The sim scene's dying. It's gone.
It's really, there's not much left. So, that's it.
Now wait a minute. I played a cool thing that one of our listeners did.
He did a Simphile to the Gem theme song by Freezepop, and it was pretty rad, I gotta say.
Check it out, guys. It's pretty rad. It is outrageous. Truly, truly, truly outrageous.
Dude, the Misfits songs are better. They're gonna get ya.
I want, you know what I want? Oh my god! Oh my god! Sim people! Oh my god! Sim people! Sim people! Oh my god! Oh my god!
Do this. Get all of Gem's songs and make like an all Gem DDR mix.
And you can have some Misfits songs too, because they were cool too, but like, I want to make like this whole mix of DDR just out of songs that were featured in Gem.
tell me that would not rock that would not rock you're a liar yes I am come on
Loki they can open up DDR UK back up for this I was just gonna give you an example
here of why there's nothing available right now and I really got to find the
song I downloaded earlier and I know I'm probably gonna find it there's just too
much shit out there right now. Here we go. Okay, this is the perfect example of why you
do not need, I mean, just sim files nowadays, they're just really bad, and I cannot stress
how bad they are, but I think I can come close with this song right here. Now, granted, it's
not as colorful as Mac's vagina but you know what it's pretty bad and this is a
sim file you can go out there and you can definitely thank Thunderbird that's
byrd24 on BomaniStyle.com for this wonderful piece of crap this is
six subs seven grams of fat or seven subs of six grams of fat enjoy
make it stop now how do I unplug your computer how do I do it please turn it
off Jesus yes I can oh dear God see see that that that right there that right
there is why this stuff sucks really do we need this crap honestly okay
This is why the sim scene is dying. It's because of the crap, okay?
I'm done.
Alright.
Well, I just made a last call for Cagematch votes, uh, and it's been about 30 seconds, so I think that's enough time. Do you guys want to know who won tonight's Cagematch?
Sure.
Do we ever.
This is a very interesting situation.
One vote yet again decides the cage match
and it decides the cage match to be a
tie once again. Tie cage match.
Song number one tied tonight.
Dignity of labor XRV
and song number two tied tonight.
Let's go to the rule book that shows that, oh yes, if in case of a tie, the host whose
song did not get picked gets to break the tie.
So Jamie, is she going to retire freeze pop or is she going to deny freeze pop that right
and pick the other song?
Freeze pop's going down.
On one hand, I could torture all of our listeners with more freeze pop.
I did that last time.
Rob. Rob. Yes. What? What?
LOSER!
LOSER! That's alright, that's alright.
Rob. What? Rob. What? What?
Alright, so new winner tonight, thanks to Jamie.
Jamie denies freeze-pop the entrance to retire.
XRV wins. But in reality, kids,
you don't agree with that, maybe you should have gotten your friend a vote,
because only one vote made the difference there.
Alright, so next week you all get Britney Spears remix, courtesy of me, so
enjoy that
next week. And I'll throw in the J-Lo. Awesome.
We're going to have an awesome cage match next week. Loki's going to play that song we just heard.
Alright, yes, we definitely need the FUs after that one. So we're going to go to break, and
then when we come back, the FUs of the week. So, send us your FUs over private message
and we'll get to them. In this break, you get a potpourri. You get potpourri de baumannii.
Potpourri de baumannii. Potpourri, right. Potpourri. Starting it off with Setsugekka
We'll be back with more Orange Launch Radio.
The
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio. We are going to get into the FUs of the week fairly
shortly here. Again, we are on opposite the Oscars tonight, so thank you guys for being
loyal and sticking with us. And of course the chat room is all up in arms because they
all arguing about who won. It sounds like it was a million dollar baby night, cuz it
took the best picture and it took the best director, yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda.
I know, I don't care this year. The only ones I saw, I saw Finding Neverland, which I really
really liked, but for some reason people wanted to stay far away from that movie, but it was
really good, I guess because supposedly the guy was an accused child molester or something,
but it was a good movie, whatever, let it just be a movie. And I saw Sideways, which
was also funny. You know who the real winners were? The people who didn't watch
the Oscars. Those are the real winners. Because in the end they'll have more
money than you'll ever have and they're gonna rub it in your face. And they suck.
Who cares? And actually I would say the best motion picture of the year
would be Paris Hilton sex tape actually would be the Oscar winner for this year.
I don't know if you saw it, but it was a fine performance by Ms. Hilton.
Negative. Negative.
When she just stops in the middle of what she's doing to pick up that cell phone, I was moved.
There was no dramatic focus.
Personally, I thought that the art direction and Cameron Diaz, the bondage video that she did, was much better.
Say what?
Yeah, there's a camera Cameron Diaz bondage video it fucking hot
Anyways
Jamie's computer to look up some porn
Now we know where that spy was coming from we did we did
We did watch like I don't know like 10 minutes of the Oscars while I was sitting here on the TV
We were waiting for the show to start and Drew Barrymore came out
And what did Loki say something about, I saw a movie with her in it where she was naked and had blood on her boobs. What was that? What was that you were talking about?
She was in this really shitty horror movie and I don't remember the name of it but there was a shower scene where blood was coming out of the shower heads and it was going over her breasts.
So she was being, it was her naked with her boobies and her boobies were being covered by fake blood. Oh yeah.
And the funny thing about Drew Barrymore was she was like 10 at the time.
And she was already cracked out and had to take these really bad movies to keep her career alive.
Wow. Let's move on to the FUs of the week, shall we?
Jamie, why is it we do these FUs of the week every single week?
Because Jamie hates humanity.
I don't think he's all of you.
I mean, Paul, this is bad.
Here is justice.
Here is punishment.
Here...
This is fucked up.
They suck you to dust, and the two years of it, the fourth of it that we stirred up.
Five years.
You didn't live in that damn apartment for five years.
Four years.
Lots of years.
Shut up, Mike, my F.U.
Big F.U. to my allergies.
F.U. to stupid people who speed past me in the rain.
F.U. to Dan for interrupting me.
Yeah.
I'm surprised that actually you guys don't get an F you to Dan every week
I'm mad. In fact, I think that by now it should just be a feature. So Jamie F you to Dan right fucking duh
Shut up, please. Word. Or I'll throw the ferret at you
Throw the ferret? Does that mean what I think it means?
It doesn't
And ask you to being sick for a week.
Oh you bitch!
I threw the first bat.
The voice thing landed on my collarbone.
Ask you to pay.
Collarbone nothing.
I hit her in the rack.
I'm a good throw.
Hit me on my damn collarbone.
Shut up, this is radio.
They don't know.
You hit my laptop you die.
First off, fucking the Oscars, because they still suck. Even if you do get Chris Rock to host it, that does not make them any better. They just still suck. And I feel sorry for Chris Rock for having to do that. I know he's hard up on money, so...
and then need to take that job but my god you know what's gonna be next Dave
Chappelle hosting the Oscars that might get me to watch it but I don't think
it's gonna happen fuck you to my computer for first off you know the
power supply being all fucked up and then I have to get a new one and then
the stupid little fan that was you know cooling my graphics prop card there well
Well it's too noisy so I had to pull it out of there as well and come to find out it wasn't
doing shit.
Actually the fan was not even over the heat sink so it was doing nothing.
So that kind of was lame.
And then, um, Fuck You to Final Fantasy because it's been all laggy and weird lately.
I don't know why.
It's like you'd think that they hosted the servers in the United States or something.
Because, I mean, they're really shitty.
And then uh fuck you to Golf Land because once again you just do not maintain your stuff
there I mean my god I can't believe you would think that they were Microsoft or something
with all the shit that was broken there I just don't get it and um finally um fuck you
Okay, I'm done.
FU to Final Fantasy XI.
I'm really getting sick of your bullshit, you little game.
Link, come over here so I can kick your ass.
And FU to me sleeping 12 hours yesterday and 10 hours today. That's a lot of sleep.
and F you to some drama that was going on last week F oh my god F you to big
projects that fall in my lap at the last freaking minute I hate that stuff I hate
it you guys have more advanced notices this
quick giving it to me at the last minute and then making me like die I hate that
I have not. I can't say I have. And then F you to people, people bitching about the
Oscars because you know I have to do this show. I don't get to go to the big gay Oscar
party and sit around and be catty and talk about how ugly everybody looks in their dress
with people.
It's a big gay party.
Yes.
Because if I wasn't doing this show, I would be at a big gay Oscar party right now.
I know I would.
Because the Oscars are the Super Bowls for gays.
It is.
If I wasn't doing this show, I'd be at an Oscar party, too, because we're having a free
one at work and I'd get free booze and food.
That's the only reason I'd go, though, is for the free booze and food.
I wouldn't go because of the Oscars.
Fuck the Oscars.
I'd do what I do for all of our company parties.
I go get food, get full, and leave, and say fuck them, I ain't waiting for the end of
your party.
Totally.
Free food would have rocked.
I could go for like some cocktail weenies right now.
Don't make the gay joke.
Stop.
Stop it.
We did that for the Seinfeld last episode.
We totally crashed the Seinfeld party, ate their food and left.
Were there cocktail weenies there?
No, bad cake.
Cake is good.
See, I could be eating Oscar cake right now, but I'm doing this show.
I'm spent.
Jamie?
I have one to add.
You have one you wanted to add.
Okay.
F.U.
Desquenix for pushing back the date for the Final Fantasy XI Atlas.
That's it.
Are they writing it themselves?
I think, I think you gotta blame Brady Games for that one.
Oh, Brady, well, Brady Games sucks anyway.
Alright.
Dan, did you have any F.U.s of the week you wanted to give while you were here?
the level of giant f you at ultra K who who think that they're super clever
trying to trademark the name maim and the logo for maim because he wants you
know to have I guess a hold on the emulation market the guy's name is David
R Foley and he's an asshole and he'll never win because it's not his logo to
to begin with.
Well yeah, it predates its company by like, what, five years?
Ultracade by the way sucks.
Ultracade sucks.
And I bet you if you take apart an ultracade and decompile a source code, I bet you that
it's made anyway.
Bastard.
And that's about it.
So I got, Ultracade's need to burn in hell.
I was all down with Ultracade, because I'm like, dude, that's a good idea.
I was gonna save that for, you know, our podcast, but, uh, you know, whatever.
Hey, that's all good.
Sorry about that.
I don't know, Biggie.
We'll talk about it all day.
We're gonna love the show.
Say fuck off to Ultracade.
Y'all go to arcades.
You go to arcades, kick the Ultracade when you walk by it.
I did yesterday.
I'm not just talking booty at once, I'm talking kick the fucking hell out of her.
Okay.
I, I, you know what?
the first Church of Orange Lounge proclamation.
Kick the Ultracade.
Coming in at one.
When thou see an Ultracade machine, or an arcade legend, thou will kick it with thy
boot several times.
Or boot it with your kick.
That is the first official proclamation of the Church of Orange Lounge.
I hope you're writing this down.
Ultracade, thou shalt boot.
Alright.
There will be a quiz.
Yes there will.
Alright, let's move on to the chatroom FUs, unless you had anything else.
Uh, I'm done.
Fuck off with me.
I want chocolate.
I've been eating like so much ice cream today, it's disgusting.
I'm rating Rob Scruggs.
Alright, let's go on to the next, uh, chatroom FUs.
Zaku, our old buddy Zaku, the metalhead, says FU to actor-director Clint Eastwood for denying
veteran director, Martin Scorsese, his chance at an Oscar.
If Martin Scorsese wasn't such a cocksucker, he'd win more awards.
Clint Eastwood deserved it.
Don't get in another argument with him, please.
Can you give the man a hug, please, Dan?
Negative.
Can you try?
Can you give the man a cyber-hug?
If he's a real metalhead, he's all greasy and nasty and doesn't want to be hugged.
Alright, fine.
How about a handshake?
How about a handshake?
I'll give him a bong head.
Alright.
Loki, what were you going to add to that?
Nothing.
Nothing.
F you to my mouth being held tightly by a rubber band because of my braces and the pain it brings.
I've been there. It's horrible.
F you to having two unmerciful midterms this week.
F U to people that rag on Dillager Escape Plan's song in Gitadora V
Allusion says F U to all the freeze pop haters. It's all about fancy ultra fresh. I read a
review that said the CD sucked and it was better used as a frisbee. Then I scrolled
up on the page and saw their glowing review of yellow card CD Ocean Avenue. Then I said
oh I get it you have horrible taste to music. Anyway I'm rambling. F U to Jamie. It was
one week from retirement, one week. You know what? Suck it up! Got told, bitches! If your
song was good, it would have made it to four weeks, but it sucked! No, better yet, F you
to the people that voted for the song. Allusion continues on saying, P.S. F you to that awful
F you to that awful guitar freaks drum mania song that you played earlier. It's like my ears were on their period
No, man, I'm no no no no
Because no man will ever ever know what that's like
No one will ever know what the pain of PMS is
That's why we have to share with our attitude.
Oh, I think we do.
You'd like to think that, wouldn't you?
No, see, we had to suffer the physical pain, so we shared the emotional pain with you.
Come on, what's worse, physical or emotional pain?
Life long torture.
That's okay, I'll just get advice for your balls next time.
punishment from above
I'd like the level of fuck you to PMS
that god damn excuse for women to be bitchy doesn't need to exist
fucking deal with it, it's going to happen
for the rest of your life
oh my god, the menopause hits you get it
every day for the rest of your life I still got like seven people to go
through that's when you get killed I heard it here first did you ever see
Logan's run you know that when they're pregnant they're front-heavy so when you
just put them next to a cliff or something two birds of one stone man
Nice. Oh, hey, look, what are you doing throwing the weasel at somebody, or the weasel? What are you doing throwing the ferret at somebody else? Slut?
I used to throw it at Rob. Oh yeah, but we know Rob's not going to throw it at me.
My cheeks hurt from laughing so hard, okay? Seriously.
Llama Juice says, F you to Fred who works at Red Octane and I'm so damn glad his ass
got fired.
He lost a lot of people's orders making me wait another month for my Octane pad.
F you to school because apparently they had no problem sending them to GameStop however.
They're all at the GameStop on Marconi.
Come and buy your damn dance pad.
a big F U to the Gamestop distribution center for sending me 14 red octane ignition pads.
Llama Juice also says F U to school because I have to wake up early tomorrow.
And F U to anyone whose name starts with a J just because I can. Oh wait, Jamie has an
issue with that. Fuck you! Who is it?
Llama Juice. Fuck you.
Oh yeah, and F you to anyone who can't pronounce my name correctly, Leama Juice, WTF.
Leama Juice.
Okay, if you name yourself after an animal, a butt ugly one at that, expect to have the name pronounced like damn animals is.
Oh, Jamie's on the warpath now after the J comment.
DarkLionXVI says, F you to the gangster that hit my cousin in the head with a hammer four times.
Ouch. Though my cousin's fine, he suffered a big lump and several stitches.
I want those bastards responsible to be dead in front of me. Ouch.
Either that hammer was too small or that gangster wasn't swinging very hard.
You know what, somebody was just trying to imitate Donkey Kong where they had...
I'm sorry, I'm sorry. There was no reason for me to say that.
DarklineXVI says, F you to the right side of my body. Whenever I play 2DX and the note pattern dominates the right hand side, my right arm gets numb.
I just hope it's not a stroke. I completely know what you mean, because you know, when I'm masturbating vigorously, you know, my right side gets numb too sometimes, so it's totally understandable.
As soon as somebody said stroke, there was going to be a joke.
Alright.
Angel says, F you to me feeling like shit, tear sniff.
You'll notice she's not here tonight. That's because she is giving an F you because she feels like shit.
Yeah.
Uh, moving on.
Flair O'Nai says, F you to Rohnert Park Scandia for getting Madden Football as their
token one new game every six months arcade game. Also, fuck them for hypnotizing me into
losing my keys there last night. Step it off. 1215 says, F you to all the good
games coming out at the same time so I can't afford them. And F you to the people who don't
show up for Outside the Box, but I appreciate what Sky did on Thursday because the chat
was great. Thank you. DJ Rama S says, F you to Million Dollar Baby, yo. Explain to me
how the fuck does a movie that barely anyone heard of win? Someone pass me a 40. And lastly,
SSJ100Matt says, F you the week to me, to Skype, for playing the tub girl theme. I mean
Christina Aguilera's Dirty on Thursday's show. Long story. And also an F you to Scorsese
being screwed over for the best director Oscar I don't know you know we're gonna
hear about this for months it'll be on entertainment tonight all night long
tomorrow night you know what you know what I heard today you know from my
sister she's telling me that there is there's a show that's called celebrities
without makeup and it's played after American Idol edges ugly-ass celebrities
there was a big post it premiered on Thursday during celebrities looking like
You think you're bad, but look at this ugly picture of Oprah! Woooo!
It's like, is that what we've reduced ourselves to?
To like, going that they're ugly?
Well okay, it's on after American Idol, right? So that means it's on Fox.
Uh, yeah.
Are we all really surprised?
Good point.
This is Fox we're talking about, right? Their marquee show is The Simpsons.
Which is gonna be gone.
Actually, uh, well American Idol is their top-rated program.
Well, yeah, but come on, man. What's Fox's show? Like, what? It's on season, like, 3,406?
It's been going a while.
In the next episode, Homer becomes a psycho killer.
They did have Seinfeld.
Fox didn't have Seinfeld. That was NBC.
What's her name? Patsy is a lesbian on it now.
No, Patty is a lesbian.
Patty, whatever. Patsy, Patty, same thing.
Yeah, it's like, who the hell didn't see that coming?
they gonna get their AIDS character like Sesame Street like Sesame Street that
was Sesame Street Africa that had the character because a lot of folks in that
region where that Sesame Street was it's a very real problem they have there hey
what do you think got mr. Hooper all those you know monkey lovers out anyway
What is Grover anyway?
I don't know.
He's adorable.
No he's not. He's a fucking like...
Near?
He's an illegal immigrant is what he is.
Where?
They're all fucking hiding in the alleys.
Okay.
They all live in Oscar's trash can.
Cause you know what? You know that market that's on the street?
It's a big front. It's a big, you know, fucking heroin and all sorts of drugs.
If I had to leave a little immigrant food in my house, I'd be a grouch, too.
And Snuffleufficus? Man, what a pot fiend.
And what about Big Burt?
Total queer.
Well, we already know about Burt and Ernie.
And Burt is evil.
I am so mad that the Burt is Evil site is gone.
It's gone? What happened to it?
It's been gone for some time. I think someone mirrored it, but the original site's gone.
Did PBS slam the iron fist of justice on their ass?
600 years, probably.
I don't know, but...
Aw, how sad.
The children's television workshop got medieval on their ass.
Alright, one more story for you guys, and then it's about time to start calling it a show.
Red Octane, the group that creates the ignition pad.
Come to the GameStop, Omar, come on, we've got millions of them.
They're going to be publishing video games for the PlayStation 2.
Interesting, because Red Octane to this point
has always been like a distributor or a pad maker,
and they've never really made games.
Not that kind of pad maker.
Wow, they've never made games.
I'm sure their games are just going to rock.
They're going to be awesome, because they have so much experience in making
games.
Oh, wait, no, they don't.
Well, they're not actually making the game.
They're just going to distribute.
They're going to be publishing the software.
The first title for the PlayStation 2 computer entertainment system will be announced in
spring of 2005.
Kai Huang, president of Red Octane says,
Launching into a new business segment with the publishing of video games is a natural
evolution for us.
We are committed to delivering the same high quality and fun found in our peripherals with
the upcoming Red Octane software line.
So everybody, buy Red Octane accessories now, because they're going out of business.
well what if your store gets like 14 copies of their next game and it's like
MC mad cats groove 2 or something well you know you can look at this is a good
thing or a bad thing are there any like great dancing franchises or something
that happens over here I smell something I smell a distributor for in the groove
I was just about to say wouldn't that be hilarious if the title they end up
announcing is in the groove oh my god the money scene would not shut up for
months they would not shut up that you you could you could shoot them and the
face and they would not shut up about this if that's what they end up
publishing someone just recently announced that they're doing a pump it
up mix over here too yes who's doing that um I don't know I'd be a really
mass mass stiff who did well mass stiff designs designed I think Anna Mero is
gonna put it out or I don't do we have it on the site I don't remember it pump
up yeah and amaro did pump it up originally who would release it in the states well mastiff's
going to design it mastiff did something else pretty cool recently uh and amaro right
i thought that would be a natural fit for a red octane distributed well that would be because
then red octane can make a whole new pump it up pad too that would certainly be interesting real
popular home ddr still sells real well i mean i don't know if anyone here really cares but yeah
How does it say you actually work home BDR cells real? Well, yeah sell lots of copies. Mm-hmm
Why won't people buy fucking ignition pads? I don't know
But uh, he's over $20 pass home
Tons of them because people come back three or four times like buy one good one
Although no one buys MC grooves
So it's like
They're gonna they're gonna release some sort of big they're gonna release some sort of game
and it's just going to get smoked and then Red Octane is going to go out of business.
So get your ignition pads now. I won't have them forever. Someone is going to buy those
pads or I'm going to find someone to take them off my hands.
If Red Octane was publishing in the groove, doesn't Red Octane have like Konami's official
blessing to be their pad distributor or something like that?
So, they're not a licensed pad, but Konami has, I guess what, didn't Jason Enos say that
it's the best pad you can get?
Pretty much, because Konami doesn't really do their own pads anymore.
They did them like once in a great ass while.
I've gone right up to Konami and I've gone up to Namco when I go to trade shows and I
go to manager conferences and I say, hey, why the hell can't we get more Konami brand
dance pads?
They go, well, because Konami makes games, we're not a peripheral manufacturer.
We make enough to promote the sales of the game, and then we let the third parties take
over.
Let's talk to Konami style.
Well, I'm just saying, if it ends up being that it is In the Groove, because, you know,
it's just kind of the pieces of the puzzle fit together, hmm, Red Octane announces they're
going to publish a game, hmm, In the Groove says they want to do a home version but is
looking for a publisher, hmm, hmm, if it all ends up adding together, it would be very
Very interesting to see what that effect has on Red Octane's relationship with Konami.
It won't matter.
Really?
Yeah.
Because again, Red Octane does not operate with the explicit, they don't license Konami.
That's why the Red Octane pad doesn't look just like what you think a Konami pad would
look like.
It looks real similar.
Right.
But it looks different.
It's a totally different sort of thing.
Just because Konami says, yeah, these pads don't suck.
You know, wouldn't it suck if, you know, the official Konami manufacturer was Mad Catz?
That would be true.
No.
Konami's gonna say, hey, look, you can get dance pads from any of these companies out
there because it saves them having to make them, but it still lets their products sell.
So they may as well say that somebody's the best, and apparently that was Red Octane.
Well, it'll just be interesting to see how things heat up when In the Groove does possibly
find the publisher.
Does In the Groove use a different pad layout?
No, it's the same pad layout.
Then why would it end?
Because it's competition for Konami.
It's not competition for Konami.
It's like if I went out and I made a flip cartoon and tried to put it up against The
Incredibles.
I'd get crushed! Crushed!
Well, I mean, we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens.
Yeah.
Alright, anyway, we gotta wrap it up, though. We gotta go around and get everybody's final thoughts, because it's time to wrap up the show.
Dan, your final thought.
Red Ox and Ignition pads. GameStop on Marconi. Come and get them.
Loki, your final thought.
outside except if it's a game stop the red octane ignition pads because you
know what you need you need to buy them plus they're comfy to sit on my final
thought is I want a beer I want a beer to not spill on my new ignition pad that
bought for the GameStop on Marconi. Jamie, your final thought. Ouch. I need an ignition
pad for my pain. From GameStop. From GameStop. On Marconi. On Marconi and Fulton. Alright.
Final word of the show. One word and one word only to wrap it all up. Sum up tonight's show
in one word. You know I gotta give it to Dan. Dan, what is tonight's final word? Goodnight
Metalhead.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Itori, yoru no yamiho samayoui, yogukoi, kotai tokei yuku.
Anata no satsayaki, kokoro kuru waseru
Aii nii agurete, inochi karete mo
Yatashi wa tsubete kasage lu
Hatoe tuchiku dakare te mo
Nani hawa, nisenai, snekito
He cut his
Me a nice demo
Also, then I
Me
You know
kare te mo
watashi wa
subete sa sageru
atoe
uchiku na kare te mo
I am still in a dream, a dream
Snake, what are you doing?
Snake, what are you doing?
Snake
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
You
Alright, what's going to happen now is that we're going to go back from our live broadcast
to our basic show so we can do some work on our podcast, which you should be checking
out www.orangelaunchradio.com. Click on Orange Launch Radio to go. Thank you.
