Lyrics and tell me that I want it
We buy the kazumusoko one week
Kame takaraza de toko one drink
You know, kakiwana kamatashi
It's momoyoni, yodo, kakamanashi
Konnahi niga, warana yoni
Hane kuroge habada slowly
Yoni, finahishinanda
Ma kena, ine bepinchi landa
Takiwara uyasu shiri meni tsukame
Egaita yume, digi tateni
Ame yagari nobla galeboshi
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Your mentioning of old Circus Radium Wine and mobileizarre radio strident with artificial
Oh my god.
Oh god.
Call me daddy.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of...
Just kidding.
Just kidding, Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode...
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program via our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now here are your hosts for Orange Lounge Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We are live and this is episode number 131 for this February the 13th of 2005.
You're tuned into the B-Money Scene's most lovable radio station of all things Milani.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me as always are my awesome
co-hosts, well one of them at least. Dark Sakura is out tonight. She's doing Valentine's
Day stuff today. We'll talk about that a little more later. But I am joined by the one and
only Loki. Hello. And filling in for Dark Sakura tonight we do have, well she's always
here of course CDR Angel well and that's it it's just the three of us here in
studio tonight feeling the love here on this appropriate Valentine's Day ish
show even though it's not really Valentine's Day I mean you got it
tomorrow so you know my soul talk about it today I'm sure we'll be talking about
that as well as some of the stuff going on the Bahmani scene there's a there's
some interesting stuff going on out there so we got to definitely talk about
I've got a little project he's been working on for a long ass time.
We're going to have to talk about that as well.
All sorts of fun stuff for you guys tonight.
And of course, since we're a little short on folks in studio, we'll be relying on you
guys to help us out tonight.
So definitely check out the Skype line.
www.orangelandtrader.com, click on interact with us.
And we also have the chat room, www.orangelandtrader.com, click on chat.
No webcam yet tonight.
And then we'll be back with money talk game talk and all your favorite nerd talk. We'll be back after this
Just a silent face, on an empty shell
And, oh, what would you do if you came along?
You never knew me, I was wrong
Won't you lock the door?
I know it's a long night
But I don't really care, cause I'm not alone
Would you tell me now?
I need someone to stay in the car
I don't give a fuck
But you'll give me what it takes
Don't you need to make someone to be on the phone
You
Love, I just gotta have it, I believe in love, so let it go
Surprised it finally happened to me
Now I've realized this was a love from me
Cause when we dance together
You're like a dream come true
I feel so beautiful
What's inside is all those of you
Love, I just gotta have it I believe in love
I can't be without it Come to me and make your confession
Love, come let it go Love, I just gotta have it
I believe in love I can't be without it
Come to me and make your confession
Love, who let it go?
Sometimes I am thinking of being too blind
Sometimes I'm too close to what I have to be
So I feel a friction line
So I do it myself
And I can't wait for my memories
To come to my life
I call you, I need you
I want to be your love
I gave you my touch
I gave you all my life
I lie here, I call you
I live for you all my life
I always need to be with you
I've been waiting for you
I wanted you
I wanted you
I've been waiting for you
This is radio station CJ Boogie, with a brand new world premiere song for Captain Jack,
Only You.
Only you, can make me feel so true, I'll never never be so blue, as long as I have you.
Only you, can't make it feel so true Whatever ever I can't do, it's because of you
Only you, can't make it feel so true Cause I would never be so blue, oh that's right
Only you
Oh the hoochie mama throw your hands up
Oh the hoochie mama throw your hands up
Oh the hoochie mama throw your hands up
Gotta let me hear you say yeah
You like me, I like you
So happy, you're my boo
Would you like to join my crew
Fly up high till the sky's so blue
Only you can make me feel so true
Whatever ever I say to you
Because of you
Only you can make me feel so true
I'll never, never be so blue
All that is I have is you
Hello boys and girls and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio episode number 131.
In progress, we're here on this Valentine's Day eve.
Happy Valentine's Day to all you lovebirds out there, all you happy, sweet little couples.
And to the rest of you, happy Bitter Singles Awareness Day.
Yes, you're in the same boat that I am, so the next break of songs will be for you.
I'm going to pick some good bitter, bitter angry songs for the next break.
I don't know if there's really a whole lot of breakup songs that are in DDR or Bomani
in general.
The chat room is helping me come up with a few good ideas, but I think it's just going
to be a lot of angry songs next break, a lot of anger, because that's what Valentine's
Day makes me feel, is a lot of anger.
I'm allowed to be bitter once in a while.
Anyway, you are listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Jamie, aka DarkSakura, is not here tonight.
She is spending Valentine's Day Eve with her man, because she's engaged and has her hetero
life partner or whatever.
I can't remember how she refers to them, but you know they're out and doing their thing
I guess because tomorrow being a workday. It's a little harder to do stuff, so they're doing they're doing their lovey-dovey stuff tonight
so I
Suppose we can forgive it as long as it's only once a year
The minute they try to bring Valentine's Day in like another holiday forget it. It's done with
Wait a minute
I thought Valentine's Day was a pain in the ass for you.
I said I'll allow it, as Judge Mills Lane would say.
Alright, we'll start off the show as we usually do, playing a little bit of How Was Your Week,
How Was Your Day, and I guess we all know that Dark Sakura is the one that usually starts
us off and we all know that she's doing great tonight, I'm sure.
So, uh, you know. Well, I guess we'll go to DDR Angel. DDR Angel, how was your week, how
was your day?
Um, actually it was kind of depressing for once. Me? Depressed? Yeah, right. Okay. First
of all, like, Tuesday when I went to school everything was fine until, like, just before
my second class when I realized my Linux book was missing. And so I was, like, in a slight
panic, emailed the teacher, all that stuff, wondering where the hell it went. And also,
So in the next 48 hours, I was preparing myself to actually have to go out and buy the book
again.
But I went to class Thursday, and it turns out that the student that sits next to me,
I decided to grab it on accident, so she ran up to me on Thursday and gave it back, and
was really apologetic and stuff, so it was just a turnaround from a bad situation to
a good one again.
that turned out really well and the next depressing thing that happened to me is
unfortunately permanent so that kind of sucks the radio station I was DJing for
kthr also known as pulse before it was kthr they ended up shutting down this
week so after three years of my life I'm no longer teaching for a station that I
actually like DJing for so that kind of sucks you know what and and all that
news about what they're doing just you know I think it's time for us to quit
too well it was sad for me because honestly if it wasn't for orange lounge
I wouldn't have you know found them or anything like that so and that was you
know three or what two and a half years ago something like that when I when your
buddy you went to your buddy's show and boom next thing you know I'm DJing for
so yeah oh that's that's right you didn't find out about them until I went
and did the guest thing on their network okay and you know that DJ she's back in
town this weekend so it's kind of neat I know I haven't seen her no she's she's
out she's either working or she's partying there's not a whole lot to do
in town oh yeah so you know I either have a choice of going to a newer radio
station or just kind of hanging low and whatever and you know if it wasn't I
realized that Orange Losers was obviously my first radio station I was associated
with so you guys are always going to be first but as far as you know side work
was concerned the other radio station was just what I did and for half the
week I was just really down and I still am a little bit but I'm getting over it
a little bit you know right slowly well you know and as I said because you
you'd mentioned this in LJ, LiveJournal, for those who don't know, LJ is a place where
we can all get a little emo when we need to be, and you made a little bit of an emo post
earlier this week.
I did.
Because you were sad, you were like, I'm so depressed.
I really was though.
But I mean, as I mentioned in LiveJournal, I'll tell you again, for the benefit of our
listeners, when a radio station like that closes down, you just have to remember the
good memories you have of the people you met there, and you'll know those people for some
time and some of them will go off and do other projects and you know maybe can
help them out with that but you know you'll remember the radio station for a
long time you know it's inevitable orange launch radio will not last
forever you know the three of us have to die someday so I don't plan on dying
ever so I can't help it oh you oh you clicked on oh you know the secret to
immortality then from that banner on the internet the secret of forget it yeah go
So, Fig, the one- yeah, they sent out one spam mail scene who had actually, you know, hit on that, and, um, actually one of them was real.
Oh, I see, okay. And you know what? Not only will I live forever, but my penis is larger than ever.
And you're getting V1 Agra? Really cheap?
Exactly.
V1 Agra?
And my breasts, they're firm and large.
Anyway, it's inevitable that Orange Lounge Radio is going to die someday, so I hope you
all don't get too teary-eyed when it happens.
Someday, but I hope not soon, just because...
It's not going to happen soon.
I don't think so, but...
Unless we get the offer to, you know, take this to like, a real thing, like satellite
radio, or go to some television outlet.
So as I said, I've said this time and time again, I would sell out in 0.5 seconds to
the highest bidder.
My soul is up for...
I'm putting my soul up on eBay.
Anyway, I'd be like, you're going to pay me to do this?
Okay.
You want to pay me for doing Wayne's World?
Sure.
How did I know you were going to go there?
That movie is like my anthem.
It's like...
Anyway, sorry.
up now angel um geez what else did i get into this week uh some online game that i can't talk about
loki knows what i'm talking about anyway um yeah so that that was pretty fun um god i haven't even
been able to play but i think c11 this week just because all the crap that's been going on geez
Um, I guess that's it. I mean, I can't really remember much else.
Great.
Two big things. What?
I just had to point out, they're making bids in the chatroom right now.
Ah, no comment.
I need to learn to keep my mouth shut on this show.
I know it wouldn't make for interesting radio if I didn't say anything,
but every time I open my mouth, I get myself in trouble with the chatroom.
All I got to do is pay more than making out my job, which isn't that much.
Which isn't much! Some of these bids they're makin'!
Some of these bids they're makin'!
So far, all but like one.
Anyway, sorry Angel, we keep cutting you off.
No, it's okay. I would go for the
cute frilly thing that happened this week, but it's not, you know, you guys won't
care, so...
Well, tell it anyway.
At least we can make fun of it.
Yeah, okay, you can make fun of it no problem.
That other game I usually play during the week, uh, There, um...
Now for those who don't know what There is, explain this a little bit. What is There?
It's like Sims, but better. But over there? Yeah, shut up.
Is it, it's kind of like Sims Online? Well, kind of, except you don't have, like, the, um...
There's no prostitutes and gamblers and all that stuff that basically...
Because you heard this is what happened to Sims Online. Sims Online was supposed to be
this, you know,
great new online experience game and it quickly turned into every Vegas street
corner. That's fucking awesome. I would play Sims Online if it didn't cost money, just
for that. Well, there's actually kind of worse, because you end up using your own money to
get, you know, game money and all that stuff, so you kind of have to watch yourself, otherwise
you'll go broke. That's the other interesting thing about there. They have made buying the
in-game currency with real money, like, not a problem. Seriously, because you'll... That's
Whereas every other online role-playing game, you know Final Fantasy, EverQuest, World of Warcraft, you know they frown on people selling the gold or the gil or the whatevers outside of the game for real money.
But there...
I didn't learn Jack's ship from Barman. All I learned is that I might die if I'm not paying attention.
yeah so I mean there's kind of different like that uh I ended up getting their
married quote-unquote oh shut up it was cute whatever so you had an online
wedding yeah only only in America I wanna I wanna their honeymoon yeah what
did you do for the their honeymoon um nothing yet he said he's gonna do it
Yeah, he said I probably would do it tonight or whatever, I don't know.
You're gonna do it tonight, huh?
Shut the hell up!
Hey, it was kinda cool that he shot me off the cliff.
Yeah, shut up. I knew that was gonna go there.
Can you buy some their condoms with real life money?
Ugh! See, now I got them started. What the hell was I thinking?
You better get their morning after pill.
Otherwise you're gonna have their illegitimate child.
Okay, this is just as bad as a piss joke.
Who their baby daddy?
Hey now. Sorry. Anyway, he shot me off a cliff. That was kind of funny.
Wait, what? We jumped into a buggy quote-unquote their car and
he hit the boost and I jumped off, we flew off the cliff. That was kind of funny.
So, you got married and then jumped off a cliff? Yeah. Never mind.
You know, I do watch a story last night about this guy that was trying to get people to
get, you know, to commit suicide on Valentine's Day. See, all it takes is one bitter person and, you know.
they're all dead
wow if only you guys... they're dead
if only you guys knew about that game you probably wouldn't be picking on me so much
but hey it's always fun
I know it sounds like fun it's just I I only have enough time for one game you
know this I can't
I know and I don't know how you do it I can't play more in one game
come Tuesday I'm gonna have to go back to Final Fantasy 11 just because
there is going to be down for like 28 hours or something because they're like relocating
their servers and all that crap so...
They're relocating their servers.
Sorry.
I opened a can of worms!
Oh uh, comment from the chat room, Firebama, I don't know if it's Boma or Bama, I'm gonna
say Bama, I like that it sounds like fire the bomb.
Firebama says their STDs suck, so be careful.
Don't get their herpes.
Yeah. No.
That would suck if you could catch diseases from online games.
Oh jeez.
I think online games are kind of a disease in general. I mean, seriously.
I bet if I went to a shrink and I told them how much I played Final Fantasy XI, she'd fucking slap me upside the head and say,
Go outside!
I'm gonna sue Final Fantasy XI and Square Enix for making me lazy.
but they have their disclaimer at the start of the game that says you know
don't don't forget your family and don't forget your family and friends and work
no I didn't forget my family friends and work but I'm sitting on my ass
playing the game. I acknowledge that they exist however
I think about them all the time
and I think about how much they don't love me
which is why I'm playing this god damn game
If I get killed by a goblin, one more- okay I'll shut up.
Next!
Because I'm done.
Loki, how was your week, how was your day?
Well, um...
I don't even really remember what happened this week.
Not much of anything I'd imagine.
Um...
Well, today
I spent, uh, most of the day playing Final Fantasy, drinking milk, and eating bacon bits.
And, um...
Then what else did I do?
Oh yeah, I started charging my battery, but I found nothing.
Wait, bacon bits? You just...
eat them right out of the...
right out of the can, right?
You just eat the bacon bits right out of the jar? Yep, ate about half the container.
Can I put the jar on the webcam? Well, I don't know if the cam's actually up and
running just yet. I'll check on that first. Well, it's up and running, but it might not
be up and running on the website. I have to make sure everything is running on the web
end. No, it's not. I will set it up, I'll set the webcam up, and I will go show the
jar of bacon bits while you talk about your week here. So anyways, yeah, I was eating
those. I don't know why, because I have, like, this really crappy soup for lunch, and it
just wasn't, you know, hitting the spot. So bacon bits, it was, and I don't know, it worked.
So whatever, so then also what else happened this week, oh my coworker quit finally, and
my other coworker put in his notice, so I'll be all alone, and what else did I do, oh some
other crap I worked on, the thing that pissed me off was my battery that cost me $200 is
fucked up and so now I gotta return it so you know hey the hell oh yeah so then
as I'm playing Final Fantasy and party and eating bacon bits I spill that crap
all over the place so you know probably just some stuck in my for the record
these are imitation bacon buds whatever it's the cheap shit okay don't
be hating. Nellie likes them too. So anyways. And see you ate him! You ate him too!
And I'm grimacing. These are gross. How could you? Ugh! Oh god!
Acquire a taste, Robin. Acquire a taste. And again, I'm also the same person who takes
shots of, you know, Maple Serpent eats rice. Raw. Without being cooked.
Oh, you also eat the top ramen just right out of the bag uncooked too.
That I can do, unfortunately.
Oh, God! Oh, yeah, like, what is wrong with you people?
What? I can do it, but, you know, I haven't...
I haven't eaten it in a...
Okay, that I won't do.
Now my breath's gonna smell like pork.
That bacon bit...flavor's never gonna leave your stomach.
That's one of the things about it.
Can't you just get some lettuce, and some ranch dressing,
and then have yourself a salad, and then put the bacon bits on the salad?
Fucking hate salad dude salad is nasty. I'm sorry, man
I cannot imagine eating like grass or you know shrubbery or something like that. That's just nast bunnies do it. Why can't you?
Yeah, but bunnies poop like crazy. I
Don't fucking take shits like that. I
Give up
Anyways
So yeah, my week was filled with that and then I got to play I'm part of the matrix online stress test one
Which I might say that I'm never gonna buy that fucking game because it's lame
Awful, I mean granted don't you have some type of non-disclosure agreement? Oh, yeah, I will tell you why it sucks
but I'm gonna tell you that sucks, you know, really it I
I like the game
it mean it's pretty in the idea like they have with you know the music where
it's dynamic to what you're doing it changes and that kind of thing that's
cool but I don't know what the fuck I'm doing at all I like got in there I'm
like yeah and you just kind of run around the fighting systems awkward and
just well now wait I I sign no agreement and I happen to see a friend playing
playing this game, so I could express my comments, because I'm not holding no agreement.
I don't care, they can fucking sue my ass, I don't really give a shit.
They ain't gonna get anything, we already talked about how much you make.
You certainly don't get paid for this show.
Exactly.
So, um, yeah, um, yeah, it's not that great.
You know what though, actually in observing it though, I feel a little different.
I actually kind of wanted to play it.
I was kind of like, oh this looks interesting.
Like if I had more of a tutorial.
It looks better than I thought it was going to be.
Yeah.
I'll give you that.
It looks better than I thought it was going to be, and it also, the graphics are pretty
good.
The amount of like, ways you can customize your character is pretty cool.
But like, I did about six or seven of the missions, and I was bored out of my mind.
I'd only gotten to level two.
had no idea how to level up on anything. Did you get to do any bullet time? No. See, that's
what everybody wants. They want bullet time. They want it now. But the thing is, it's like,
I, well, actually, no, I take that back. There was one move that I did, it's called Cheap
Shot. You kinda turn around and in bullet time you kick the guy in the nuts. Cheap Shot
20. So that was kinda cool. Now you got me. But, um, you know, other than that, it's just
like, I didn't really know how to, like, progress in the game, whereas Final Fantasy is pretty
simply you walk outside kill shit. Exactly. You murder bunnies. Like I couldn't tell exactly
I couldn't tell what who was the NPCs who were not the NPCs who were the enemies who
could I fight what the hell the story was it's just it was all confusing there's a tutorial
that I did and I had to quit the game so then I couldn't go back to the tutorial again and
it's just like and then Morpheus drones on for about five minutes once you get the game
for the first time. I was just like, okay, I don't know what the hell's going on. It
was confusing.
So it was kind of like the second Matrix movie?
It's probably better than the second Matrix movie. You know, but I don't know. I'll probably
play it again. I don't really know when the stress test ends. I think it's either this
week or two weeks from now. I'm not sure.
You know, I was actually watching TV last night, and for some reason we have free HBO
right now. I'm not going to complain, but we have free HBO, because I just by chance
was channel starving and I ended up on HBO and they were showing the second
matrix movie and so I started to watch it for like five minutes and I was like
I'm bored I'm going to bed yeah and I love it's just whatever try it if you
want but don't I'd recommend probably Final Fantasy it's just I don't know if
that was my first online game or whatever to get into I'd probably be
confused it it probably turned me off to online games it's it's very good if
you're like a first-person shooter type person and you're getting into online
games that would be the way to go because the controls are that of a
first-person shooter and so you'd probably feel right at home with that
it's like if you're a you know quake doom Halo nut maybe all right sounds
good um I was gonna say forget oh oh yeah I know I was gonna say I still want
give World of Warcraft a fair shot. I got to observe World of Warcraft a little bit
and it seemed interesting, so, but I wasn't like, wowed. Pun intended. You know, I wasn't
like on the floor like, oh my gosh, I have to play this game, like a lot of people who
have been playing it have said. But, Angel?
Um, Magus actually picked it up, so I've been watching him play it.
Does it look good?
yeah it looks it looks good I mean it's it's Blizzard but it was kind of funny
because he was like killing stuff and all of a sudden I hear Diablo 2 sounds
I'm going huh I'm like oh wait Blizzard game so they just recycled the same
effects well you know whatever yeah um the characters characters don't look as
pretty as you know Final Fantasy 11 because it's different so about the only
funny thing that I find actually amusing is like they can do like little dances
and stuff no matter what, you know, depending on what race you choose, that was hilarious.
Like the, what, the dark undead guy can like rock out and stuff, it's really funny.
You know what's interesting is the number one thing I hear about World of Warcraft is
that they say it's more built for the casual player who wants to play by themself and doesn't
really want to party up a whole lot, and my first reaction is, well then why play a multiplayer
a massive online game if you want to play by yourself! That's the part I don't get,
but other than that... Because, here's why, because in like, when you get down to Final
Fantasy or whatever, in the higher levels, if you don't find a party, you're stuck. You're
just sitting there for hours doing nothing, and that's why. People will get turned off
by that kind of crap. Because they don't, you know, obviously know they could be doing
thousands of other things. You can find things to do, even when you're high level. But people
want to be leveling up and they can't do that
but you cuz you could do you know in fires let me you could do something you
could do
are you know but you know people don't want stuff that's very misleading in
Final Fantasy 11 for example you know
easy prey stuff when you're level right 10
is fucking easy when you get up to like level 30 whatever
you can't kill an easy prey thing by yourself it's just that kind of
I'm difficulty stuff they need to kinda fix that a bit
because I want to be fighting something that's easy to pray and have it be easy to kill.
Whereas I don't get shit for experience, but I want it to be fucking easy to kill.
Alright. Let's move on, and Explicit joined us. He snuck in through the door while we were talking there a little bit ago.
So how you doing, Explicit?
Pretty okay for the whole week.
Well, I was going to ask, how was your week, how was your day, sir?
Well, this whole week's been hell, this whole, been pretty much hell, due to all of unnecessary
drama that's been shoved in my face the whole week, especially like right after the tournament
of course.
How did things go with the tournament, by the way?
Okay, like during the tournament it went very well, because like, I mean, we had the speakers
and had the microphone to talk to people and what they think about the tournament so far,
know it seems pretty fair I mean a lot of people had fun and stuff but I heard
a lot of the bad news of course we all know drama drama drama revolution where
would we be without it yeah unfortunately we get a bit we get
somebody who was bitching about bitching the whole time I'm like and trying to
get into the faces of the judge to the people calculating the scores okay let
us do first of all let us do our jobs don't come around bitching and bitching
I don't understand you drove like three hours away from home, but if you're not gonna let us do our jobs
How the hell are we gonna get the whole tournament finished in the time?
unfortunately the tournament
The PA tournament ended at 645 instead of six o'clock as expected
Hmm, yeah, of course you get people fishing about
certain people some people fishing about the pad issues, which is
Which started to be common in every tournament since b3 maybe?
be where someone like bitch back oh the I got a great we should do a do because
the arrows not working no the players not working it happened in Sundayville
golf plan three numerous times were everyone had to play one pad because the
left side is not working I heard you took my suggestion though I heard that
you actually made them all sign a form that says the rules are final and pad
disputes will be didn't I had heard that you made everybody sign a form yes I did
good good for you unfortunately some people like went out to the bear like
some people went out of the barrier look what happens they got kicked out the one
person got kicked out see this is what happens if you start drama you this is
before the tournament you should have asked me questions personally and during
the forms I'll see what I can do with the solution so it doesn't become a rush
hour I think there should be a settlement process if there is reasonable
doubt that the machine's malfunctioning, but you know, what that exactly is, does it take
two people bitching, does it take whatever, you know, and then what's the process to review
the machine, you know, you gotta set that all up in advance, I think once a reasonable
process is established, there's really no way you can complain about it.
But here's the thing though, it's a little debatable because sometimes the techs are
not there to help, to help buy the parts, you know, like buy, let's see, you know like
each arrow has four sensors itself right and buying 32 parts in case one of them
goes dead is not really a reasonable solution because you're spending a lot
of money itself because you know you're not owed the whole like vendors money
because they're spending parts on this so you're basically gonna be left in a
deficit like right after the whole tournament is over the sad thing is is
you could bring a brand new pad in there brand spanking new pad and somehow it's
possible it could get fucked up during the tournament and it would not work so
you just have to I don't know you just sometimes have to just bite the bullet
and accept that things aren't always gonna work perfectly at the tournament
yeah I mean I understand that but I mean this is why it's like in my opinion I'm
not trying to say like it's like unacceptable at some people might say
some people also have to check to check on player styles like freeze sort of
like freeze down the way you have to figure out ways to make sure you get the
perfect rather than just try to cheat your way I mean here's I mean here's a
here's an honorable here's a here's a question what would you rather have
someone who would accept defeat or someone who likes to bitch too much so
they can get a do-over in favor they're part of the tournament so they can move
up someone who takes the defeat and takes the criticism on how to get better
of course yeah unfortunately it comes to a point where oh my god like here's a
here's an example like one of the rounds I think somebody got the person like
I'm not gonna say any names. The person got like 13 greats and then he claims
that he got three greats on that song. Unfortunately he said, oh my god I got
10 greats on the same arrow. We checked his playstyle, he's been getting the
greats on the wrong arrow. Interesting. Yeah and then of course you got the
rules. Like I said before they should have asked beforehand so he can come up
solutions. I mean, Tody did it, or should I say Andrew, he was worried about
putting suggestions about dark mode. I added another option, which is one speed.
Right. Like one of the two ways. Right. I'm not gonna make it, the tournament's more
like an advanced format, it's not really like the same traditional format like
everyone thinks it is. I'm thinking about using a traditional so people do,
They'll cause less bitching for tournaments.
Or cancel singles PA overall.
Well, you know, you gotta just...
It's one of those things where I think it gets to a point where if the rules are gonna
be outside the box a little bit, then if you're a competitor, you gotta review the rules.
And if it's not for you, don't enter.
Wait for the next tournament.
I'm not trying to blame...
When we did...
We did a tournament a while back and the qualifier...
I don't remember which tournament this was.
I want to say it was Shaft a while back a couple years ago. This was the one at Scandi
It was the first one we did it was it was the same one. We had the 2d x-tournament at
And the qualifier because it wasn't March Madness the qualifier had to be on dark reverse and
We've the complaints were kind of minimal on it because we outlined physically no complaint
we we outlined the rules in advance and said here are the songs and you'll have to do it dark reverse and
And if you don't like it, don't enter.
The thing is, I released the songs during the tournament.
I said in the rules completely that the songs are going to be
released during the tournament.
There are 16 songs to choose from, from easy to hard.
We did this really weird setup, and I wish I could find those
rules again, because I think they're actually pretty good.
But it was like, you could choose a song from list A, B,
or C, and B would keep your score even.
A would reduce your score automatically by a little bit,
because they were easier songs and C would increase the score by a little bit because they were like 9-footers and hard songs.
Yeah, I know that system. You guys did a tier system.
Yeah.
I mean, that was a system that worked very well. I was thinking about using it for Sacktown Smackdown or what people call piss.
Unfortunately, considering that the community is starting to be a bitch hole.
I'm not trying to say any names here, but it comes to a point where people are ruining the fun for everybody else.
this is where I pissing all over it this is of course you seem like you see
TOS like quitting tournaments because of it because they can't handle the
situation and this is where I came in and take some take some numerous action
eliminating though eliminating the pests all right well anything else in your
week outside the tournament how else was your week and stuff okay I'll spend some
more of the tournament later like probably at FU's um okay well it's been
hell lately and oh yeah of course you got everyone knows about Ash Wednesday
where they had to sacrifice something for 40 days and 40 nights oh yeah Lent
okay any I got a question did anybody sacrifice anything for Lent? I sacrificed
going to church. Wow. Now I and I'll do respect it's not my cup of tea for that
stuff so no I didn't sell I don't celebrate one what'd you give up it's
pretty it's pretty a shame you to say in Orange House radio I'll say it right now
what I sacrificed getting a boner for Lent getting you wait wait you
sacrificed getting a boner you are you're not allowed to get a boner for
the next 40 days yes I sacrificed masturbating with my left hand it's
Strictly right hand from now on wait. Wait, what are you gonna do?
What are you gonna do it that hot asian girl with big boobs walks by you just gonna look the other way real quick before
dirty thoughts that way that drinking a lot of water to gulp down and
It's a tough decision it's like basically a lint that no man has gone before
You got to tape it down
That's what you're gonna have to do is you're going to have to tuck your penis back and make yourself have a vagina
That's the only way you're gonna stop getting a boner all together.
Oh boy, he really wants one of those!
Even that is not, you know, foolproof either, I mean...
That is like...
I'd like to compare it to, like, the octopus, you know, where you have multiple brains, you know, octopuses...
Octopi have multiple brains.
They have brains to control their feet, or their tentacles, or whatever, and, you know, their normal brain.
I'm sorry, but what's that signal? What do you see?
What's hot girl signal has gone down to the air brain? It's all over what what are you gonna?
Do if you wake up in the morning, and then you're like oh fuck
God hates me. What are you gonna? Do so wait? Here's the thing so far. I've actually survived
I'm not gonna need a boner. I've seen this attractive way, but no boner and
I woke up no boner. I took a piss no boner
Does like a semi-count
And here's the thing, no I'm not taking any anti-viagra.
Wow. Wow.
So yes, it's a challenge, but I'm living up to my word. No boner for the next 40 days.
I hate to say it, but keep us posted.
It's on my LJ.
Alright.
For those who want to check out the-
You know if he comes back here on day 39, I'm going to have like the rotating, you know, big-titted Asian prawn hentai, everything going on the screen in here.
I should have like a sign that says, you know, gone this many days without wood.
Wow. Amazing.
That's amazing.
Alright, my way...
I could take that down the gutter even further, but for the sake of humanity I'm not going to.
Good luck my friend, good luck, that's all I have to say.
Oh come on man, we need time to kill.
Nah, it's alright, it's alright. Trust me, you don't want me to go there.
I'm sorry, I'm having a comedy show on my mind.
And this is why we'll never make it...
Seriously.
The folks from Satellite Radio are listening right now, oh, we've just found out about
this program that's all about gaming and these people here are all into gaming and they've
done it for years, they gotta be good at this.
Now they're tuning in.
You're gonna get a boner in 40 days, you can't go 40 days without a boner.
We're gonna put big-titted women on the screen.
To tell you how much G4 has sold out to just, you know, selling everything with sex on their
damn station, because that's, I guess, the only way they think it's going to work, they're
going to have some football game coverage featuring the Lingerie Bowl girls.
Oh yeah, that's game related.
Oh yeah.
Is that the Tech TV part of the station?
I...
Anyway.
No, no, see, you forget.
Tech TV's no longer part of the station.
Oh, my bad.
Anyway, my week and my day, since we didn't get around to it yet, my week and my day were pretty good. I went out to the clubs last night, you know, shaking my thing, and it's so hilarious when you hear DDR songs at the club. I know I'm such a loser for thinking that, but you know, we were dancing in the room where all the videos come on, and they played shiny disco balls, you know, from Ultramix.
And I just to illusion in the chat room we call those weekdays
What comment were you responding to
Love the state said on the mic low key. We need to hear that
I was responding to the comment Loki should have a spin-off show where he feels on big-breasted
Asian girls and shouts racial slurs for two straight hours. I call those weekdays
Alright, alright. I'm sorry explicit, you were saying?
Speaking of that, guess what I heard in 24 Hour Fitness when I was working out?
Someone asked to play- Butterfly! No.
Era from TAC. What? I'm serious. I was working out
with the wades, and I heard Era. I'm like
what the fuck? On like the 24- what do they
have in there? Like a 24 hour fitness radio station or music? No, they play it regular
Any song that people put in their music box, they played some of the stuff from GDR Max, like Sandstorm.
I know that Jamie had burned a CD for her spin group, they do the bike spin thing.
But I don't know how many Bimani songs she put on. I think it was mostly like top 40 junk.
And this was funny to burn one of these CDs for Jamie to have to make her, you know.
But they had to get something that was friendly to everybody.
She's like, and of course she comes to me, Rob, do you have Toxic by Britney?
Oh wait, oh wait a minute, wait a minute.
What, what?
I see a comment about, laugh out loud, it's even more crazy to see someone doing DDR steps
in clubs.
Dude, I was just getting to that.
When Shiny Disco Balls came on, I was kind of like dancing, like, Disco, Disco, Disco,
like doing the little steps in UltraBates.
Speaking of that, speaking of that, okay, this is, speaking of, speaking relating to
the tournament I know it's over but I found out the reason why someone wanted to win first place
was to take this girl to this junior prom and to realize I would I would imagine if he
does DDR in the freaking prom wait wait wait wait wait some guy wanted to win the tournament
because if he won the tournament like money stuff okay I thought I thought the girl wouldn't date
him unless he won the tournament type I know the girl too okay that's a really bad setup for like
DDR freak the movie you know like never mind yeah yeah you know this is
ridiculous it's very sad but true you basically have to rip off the whole
storyline for 10k commotion I'm not having another DDR freak movie
discussion I'm not having it again on the show the only way no other way none
this robot chick Asian person dancer no never can I talk about my week I guess
all right so Friday night Friday night I was hanging out with some friends and we
went over to rice princesses house you know the one from outside the box
although we haven't really done outside the box in several weeks which I
apologize guys for but you know there's just been other circumstances coming up
and the show may be moved or retooled in the near future so I appreciate those
you guys who are bearing with us, but we just have a lot of other crap that's been getting
in the way, so something might change with that. Anyway, um, but as far as Friday nights
go, I saw, for the very first time in my life, and I know this is hard to believe, I had
never seen The Fifth Element before, the movie. I finally saw it Friday night. It was very,
um, gay, really. Like the costumes and everything, and, no, I don't know how to describe it.
it was alright I guess. Although the thing I thought was kind of cool about the fifth
element was that it was kind of like a video game plot. It really was. It was a total video
game plot. Anyway. So I guess that was pretty much it. I mean my weekend was the only exciting
part of my week I guess. I didn't have a whole lot else going on. I was kind of lazy. Oh
well. Alright. Any other comments before we go to break? Chirp, chirp, chirp, chirp. Explicit?
no okay well then let's go to a break and as promised we're gonna look at the
other half now we did some you know happy lovey-dovey songs in the first
break now we're gonna do some angry songs for singles awareness day some
anger Valentine's Day as well coming up what a quick thought yeah are you doing
anything for Valentine's Day oh you're not allowed to kill me like it's a good
thing or else you might get a boner oh yeah oh wait wait actually no they'll
make it worse because I got to work as after school and yeah all right deal
with people smooching each and every time anything the desire is increasing
all right we'll be back after this risk started off with an angry Korean and
then we'll be back with more orange launch radio including some actual
of Omani News believe it or not there's quite a little bit going on this week so
We're gonna talk about that when we come back after this
Oh
For the end, for the end
I know I'm so wrong
Why, why, why should I?
I know that I'm gonna die
I know that I'm gonna die
Die, die, die, die, die
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 131.
A happy early Valentine's Day to all of you people out there, or Singles Awareness Day,
whatever the case may be for you.
As promised, we're going to talk about some Bimani news right now.
Big news, Dancing Stage Unleashed 2, at least if you're in Europe, this will be big news
to you, for everybody else, not so big a news, but at least there's a new DDR game on the
way.
What do you know?
tracks have already been announced for this game pretty cool basement jacks
where's your head at girls allowed love machine happy Mondays step on super
grass all right Donna summer hot stuff the jam a town called malice all of them
supposedly supposed to have the background videos to them as well very
interesting also you know what else basically by the way for those who don't
Dancing Stage Unleashed, it's basically gonna be their version of Ultramix 2, so
they're getting that. What's very interesting about this, though, the rumor
is is that you're gonna be able to play this on Xbox Live. You'll be able to play
against people in the US if you're in Canada, but only on those songs that the
two games share. So that should be interesting, though, is that now you can
settle the score with any of your buddies that live in Europe. You can
actually play on Xbox Live against them? Loki, your thoughts on Unleashed 2?
Really just nothing new as far as, you know, gameplay features other than, you know, the
online thing. I'm interested to see, though, because you know how Ultramix 2, they had
their deal with a different drum, what they're going to do as far as, you know, the extra
music for this, you know, game. I wonder if they're going to team up with, like, maybe
a UK label or something like that. That would be what I'm waiting for to see what's going
to happen there.
Any thoughts on Unleashed 2 from Angel or Explicit?
Sounds pretty cool. I mean, there's a couple songs that they always get that we don't that
I wish that we had, but you know, I can keep wishing, whatever.
I know, it seems like Europe always gets these awesome licenses, don't they?
Basie and Jax is awesome, and they're getting... oh man.
See? Now you're bummed too. I know, a little bit. I want them all. I want all those here, but I'm
tempted to get a Europe PS2 at this point, although this is going to be for Xbox.
I still want a Europe PS2 just to get, like, all the games,
but of course then I'd have to get the converter, so the TV would show it.
It's just not worth it that much. I don't know.
explicit your thoughts well i'm thinking it's it's just the same songs and same in different
steps like the new songs and new steps that's basically i'm hearing so far i mean we got xbox
flight like stated earlier i don't know it looks like it's like every time they release like the
dancing stage is like the same old stuff i mean there's a i don't know it might have been i think
there should be like more new stuff maybe but i'm not gonna judge it from a cover until it's
released good thought i never want i'll never judge a game until the game is released and i
actually play it. I would be interested to know if they're gonna get the song
packs as well. Because that would be a whole lot of songs that you could play
you know against because how many songs is it gonna share with Ultramix 2? I
don't know probably I mean I guess you can probably bet that most of the
Konami originals are going to carry over things like I don't know Zero One, Route
80, but I don't know will they all who knows we don't know yet so we shall see.
but then we always have step mania if it's but then we always have step mania
in case yeah you don't get the songs yeah like ultramix 3 or extreme 2 or even
with DDR with Mario you know I'm just looking forward to getting to kick some
British ass on Xbox live actually no I'm kidding I'm gonna get hate mail from
that one actually I can't wait to start hearing some of those sexy sexy accents
through the speaker name some you know the hello I hope you having a good day
would you like to do some TD on then have some tea I'm getting so much hate
mail from anybody that's listening to this in Europe right now I'm just I'm
just joking okay I'm in California haha we all have blonde hair and blue eyes
and go surfing, huh?
What?
They speak to you in the spagnole of Francais.
Oh, that could be interesting because you might be playing people in other countries.
Is that possible?
Do they sell the stuff outside of Britain?
Do they sell it in like France, Spain?
I don't even know.
I don't know either.
I imagine it wouldn't be that hard yet.
Everything is done by the whole European system.
It's not just the British anymore.
Let's get the Japanese on there, too. Let's settle this once and for all. Seriously.
Blank. Blank.
Come on. Who cares if we can't speak the same language? We can speak the universal language of kickin' ass.
Or, or, or, or, or, or, or, or whatever some French is.
Oh, get it up.
Did I tell you about the last time I, uh, beaten an Asian on DDR?
Wait, what?
Even though that was a long-ass time ago.
What was this, Angel? What?
Oh, I actually, uh, beat an Asian playing, uh, DDR6 mix.
How old was she, six?
I'm just kidding! I'm just kidding!
He was, like, nineteen or something.
That's cool.
And he couldn't- he didn't believe that, like,
there was actually American people playing DDR and all that stuff, and...
It was kind of funny.
Hm. That's cool.
Anyways.
It was in the middle of Japan, and we know this.
This is like two years ago.
And it's so funny because you know some folks make the assumption that instantly,
Oh, we're all gonna get killed by the Japanese on DDR if this happens.
But you know what? Just like their shitty American players, they're shitty Japanese players.
Everybody's new to DDR at some point, so you know, you gotta start somewhere.
Until you watch some Japanese girl walk up to the TDX machine and just completely own everyone else.
That was insane. Okay.
Anyways, you've got people saying, yo quiero, DDR!
Oh my god.
Just stop. Seriously, stop.
Okay, okay.
Alright.
I'll stop with the...
More news going on. Actually, I don't know if you guys noticed, but
DDR Freak had a whole lot of news this week. I'm sure a lot of you guys are watching DDR Freak.
And we, of course, have to show a little love to DDR Freak because they replay us on their Friday nights on DDR Freak Radio.
Freak Radio. Kisses. So they have a lot of stuff. And really what I've noticed this week
is a whole lot of looking for people. They're looking for people. There's all sorts of stuff.
It's like casting calls left and right. They're looking for people. It's interesting. Speaking
of Yo Quiero DDR, a Spanish language network was looking for a Spanish speaking DDR player.
We don't know what's going on. I don't know what ended up happening with that. I didn't
reading the comments, but they were looking for somebody. First For Women magazine was
looking for a mother who lost weight playing DDR with their kid, which I think, you know
what, I think that's kind of neat. That's kind of cool. I know my mom wouldn't even
know how to turn on a PlayStation, let alone get up and play DDR.
I know some mothers who have like five-year-old children.
Cool mommies, not mine. And this is a call that everybody could participate on. This
This is what I thought was really cool.
DDR Freak was helping out the Make-A-Wish Foundation of Indiana.
They were helping this child's dream come true.
This child, Robbie, has a kidney disease, and his wish was for a game room in his home
featuring DDR.
So they just rallied the troops together to buy him just like the supremo setup for DDR.
So that's kind of cool.
If you're interested in that, check it out.
It's the February 10th headline over on DDRFreak.com, certainly worth participating in.
And Red Octane, this was just announced recently, Red Octane is going to be doing a focus group
in Sunnyvale this Friday and next Friday.
And I guess if you participate, which by the way is at 7 o'clock, you have to have your
own transportation to Sunnyvale, so if you're on the East Coast, sorry, you're screwed,
but if you're somewhere in the Bay Area, Red Octane will provide dinner, I wonder what
kind of dinner?
Maybe I should write and inquire, are we going to get Black Angus, or are you going to get
like, you know, McD's?
Interesting.
Maybe I can talk to Red Octane, but unfortunately I can't make it those Friday, Thursday, Friday,
or Saturday.
It's Friday, February 18th and Friday, February 25th at 7 o'clock.
Maybe the 25th I could maybe make it.
I know that this week I cannot.
You know what, what's funny is I'm actually tempted to sign up for it.
I'm so damn curious.
I'm very tempted.
That's all I have to say.
You know, it's also pretty interesting as well.
A tournament is also the day after, too.
Another tournament in Milpitas.
Another one? What are they doing this time?
It's also what Red Octane is involved in as well.
It's called Got Skill.
I wish I could go, but I can't.
Plus, people say it's a bad idea to even go anyways because, you know, some people will still get heated up with drama from the last tournament.
It's just stupid. People should grow... I mean, I don't want that...
Which is the reason why I won't be going as well.
So I'll let people take care of their business there.
You're a bitter, bitter man after some of these tournaments, aren't you?
No, because I'm only bitter to those who cannot accept defeat or think they're like 100% correct.
When they're obviously not, they can't admit their own mistakes.
Instead of trying to get better, they just whine.
So, I'm just going to leave it as is.
is. Some of the competitors I know are going to go there, like, some of the Sacktown people
of Team Piss or... There's actually a Team Piss now? No, just Team Piss. Oh, okay. Some
people call it the Paradise Island Sacktown Squad, but you just call it Team P.I. Not
Team Piss. Interesting. No more piss jokes now. I'm trying. Alright, if you guys are
interested in the Red Octane focus group, you can check that out on www.ddrfreak.com.
I'm sure there will be non-disclosure agreements involved, so even if we do get to check it
out, if I do decide I want to put in and I get picked, I probably won't be able to talk
about it, but, you know, it'll be still kind of neat to see. So, we'll see. We will see.
Moving on. This is big news. This is huge. This is huge news.
How huge?
Huge. Bigger than big.
You know that other dancing game? Not in the groove, but the other one, the Korean one.
Pump It Up.
Oh, what about it?
Pump It Up Exceed is going to be released in North America on the PlayStation 2.
Yes, I heard about it.
Very interesting, huh?
How are you supposed to release Exceed 2, not just Exceed?
Well, here it is. This is the press release straight from InsertCredit.com. Mastiff has
announced that it will be publishing Andamiro's Pump It Up Exceed for Playstation 2 and Xbox
in North America in June. They made the announcement at the Metreon and we had an ace Pump It Up
player named Smidget there and they were strutting their stuff on an arcade and a home version
of the Dance Mat game. The Pump It Up franchise, according to this press release, has sold
over a quarter million copies of the arcade versions and PC versions thus far. Now you'll
You'll notice they don't say what country.
I already know what countries have been selling Pump It Up pretty well.
I imagine the PC version isn't doing too badly, but probably not so much in this country.
Although, you know, Red Octane has it in their store, and I imagine a lot of people pick
it up through there.
Here's the thing, though.
Let's see, Pump It Up's more international than DDR, because I know Pump It Up's mainly
supported in Mexico and mainly South America as well, because America mainly DDR overpopulated
the whole franchise.
You got your pump fans, though.
I mean, like, overall, compared to, like, other countries.
I know Mexico popularizes Pump It Up, Argentina, Chile, or anywhere in South America.
Yeah, I've heard the same thing, a lot of South American countries really big on Pump
It Up, as well as a lot of the countries in the East that aren't Japan or China, a lot
of those, like, other countries.
Korean, Korea.
Yeah, definitely.
I'm not sure what other places support Pump It Up, as well.
It should be noted this is not going to be the exact same as the Korean PS2 version that
was just launched because there's going to be some exclusive songs, including a song
by Stereogram called Walkie Talkie Man, and it's going to have the actual video that runs
in the background.
For those of you guys who haven't seen it, it's like a claymation video.
It's kind of a rock song.
It's not your typical dance song.
It's kind of more of a rockish song.
But then again, a lot of the Korean songs in Pump It Up were kind of rock songs, so
It kind of makes sense why they're doing this.
So what do you guys think?
Good idea, bad idea?
I mean, it's a great idea, but I just
want to know how the axis system is going to work.
You know how Pump It Up has the middle and the diagonals.
I'm not sure how the pads are going to work on this.
That's my first initial thought, is that Pump It Up immediately
has a kind of, they're screwed out the gate.
Because all these third party pads and stuff,
unless they do some kind of axis tilting, which even then
wouldn't really work because you wouldn't have a middle button I don't
know how they do it if you could do autoplay on the middle which wouldn't
really be the game then there's really no way to get these third-party pads to
work unless the third-party pad has all the buttons I don't know is a nine
square pad or something the lack of a center button is really gonna screw
things up Loki there are the what pads are those there the I want to say cold
But, Cobalt Flux pads do have the center button, so those will be able to be used, but those
are like high-end ones.
As nice of a pad as Cobalt Flux is, how popular is it really?
It's not the kind of thing you walk into GameStop and purchase, right?
I had a hard enough time finding an Ignition 2.0 locally, and even when I bought an Ignition
2.0, I spent $100 on an Aspad, they were like, we've never sold one of these before, you're
You're actually going to buy this?
The fuck is wrong with you?
And I was just kind of like, it's a good pad.
I don't want to spend 20 bucks on the cheap pad that's going to break next week.
But again, it all goes back to the fact that, you know, these Pump It Up pads aren't as
easily buyable in the store.
How likable is it that these places are going to want to buy these pads and stock them in
the store?
I think it brings a lot of confusion to the market in a way.
Very confusing.
I mean, first of all, Pump It Up is a very hard game to learn.
You know, cause you know how, you know how like many, same idea, you see this thing,
you step on it, granted it might be a little bit, I mean the problem is like so many like,
like this is coming from the Pump It Up player itself, um, I play Pump It Up, and I've seen
like numerous like people who are just looking over DDR than Pump It Up, so you know, they
think Pump It Up is like a rip off of DDR because it has the same arrows, and it's hard
to play cause it's diagonals, you know, they just want to say something simple like up,
down left right it's really not the same dance style though it's really not it's
really isn't I think pump it up is easier to freestyle to I think a lot of
the songs you automatically like your body's an emotion where you're giving a
lot of room on freestyle itself and pump it up and like I said it's a real
different type of music too it's my problem with it and this is the big one
how the fuck are you gonna be able to play those extreme and crazy songs that
That is true. There's one song that's impossible to even beat.
There's where they have the four or five, you know, button mashing. I mean, it's just not fun.
That's my main complaint about Pump It Up to the Game is those crazy songs where you have to do, like, knee drops and shit. No thanks.
Well, that was my issue with In the Groove, but we're not talking about that game right now.
In the Groove is a different game than the...
Yeah, I know. Anyway...
Well, I've said this at least like every week for the past few weeks, my beef with In The
Groove is that, and specifically In The Groove's fan base, sorry guys, but this is my beef,
is that In The Groove is not DDR, unless it's convenient for it to be DDR, because whenever
people bitch about, you know, a lack of DDR, then they go, oh well there's always In The
groove I thought you just said in the groove wasn't DDR that's my number one
complaint here I mean some people confused they're basically two different
games you have different timing different music different options it's
all different some people say they're trying to compare like oh in the group
is DDR night mix and no no I wouldn't go that far I I but I think for the most
part in the groove you know I've said this before in the groove kind of
It is DDR. It's just, but it's evolved. It's evolved DDR. They're beating Konami to the punch. That's what they're doing. I mean, whatever.
But anyways, back to what I was talking about.
Pump.
Pump it up, yeah. I just want to see how the game turns out and how many songs it can fit. They said the PS2 hardware could actually handle it, and Xbox hardware still could handle it.
Oh yeah.
I don't see this game doing well because of the fact that I think, and this is kind of ironic, I think a lot of places are going to view it, and remember folks, you and I, you being the Bamani addict because you're actually taking time to tune in and listen to this show, you and I understand the differences between DDR and Pump It Up.
But, the casual gamer, somebody who walks into a game, a parent who walks into a game and stops buying the stuff for their kid, are they going to really understand the difference?
No. And the people who are supplying this, I think a lot of people are going to view it as a cheap knockoff of DDR.
Yeah, obviously.
I think that's the way the casual gamer is going to look at it. Now, but here's the thing, if the price is right, that could help it.
You know, somebody wants to get into the dance thing and...
According to how they view, that's just like, just because Pump It has a stepping arrow does not mean it's a rip-off of the year.
Look at other games, like, that's just like saying, ooh, there's a lot of Mario knock-offs, or there's a lot of Doom knock-offs, and et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
I can keep going on and on and on about...
Here's the thing, again, again, you're talking about the casual gamer versus the addict, the dance game addict.
The casual gamer, what you can see that a game is not Mario.
You can see that this game is not Mario, but you see that this is another dance game with
arrows that scroll up to the top of the screen, that you hit them.
You and I understand the difference.
Most people don't.
Sadly, that's true, unfortunately, because so many people are so narrow-minded to judge
from their first impressions without getting a chance to look deeply what the game is all
about.
It's like, ooh, they say, ooh, Resident Evil, or anything they see is popular, they're going
to buy it, regardless if the game is either good or bad, you just look from their eyes,
which kind of makes me wonder if people are paying attention to what they purchase and
stuff.
I think the price has a lot to do with it.
I'd be very curious to know how that little Mad Catz game is selling right now, that shitty
little Mad Catz GameCube game, the dance game, I'd be very curious to know how that's doing
right now.
I don't think it's doing too hot, but I'd be very curious to know.
From my source, I think it's not doing good at all,
considering that some people actually played it.
But again, the people that you're talking to are DDR
and Bamani addicts. I'm not talking about DDR, I'm talking about casual gamers.
Not just DDR addicts and stuff. Not the people we know in the community,
just regular casual gamers itself.
I'd just be curious to know. I mean, but that's the thing. This is my other concern. What if that game, heaven forbid, is somebody's first exposure to a dance game? Then they'd never want to play DDR. They'd be all, oh, I played one of those dancing games once. It was stupid.
Yeah, like I said, something that comes first will always get the fish and people are just going to buy that.
that I think that's where and when a lot of folks say I'm kind of going on a
little tangent here but I don't care what a lot of folks say and then back to
the in the groove not being DDR again we're the addicts that have played the
dance games for years and years we understand that difference but to say
that you know well you have all these fighting games and people understand
that the fighting games are different they all look different these dance
games kind of look the same sure they have their subtle differences but they
kind of look the same so to most people they don't see those differences a dance
game is a dance game so something to think about like if Sonic Sonic came out
first and you know people gonna jump on that bag of bandwagon because I think
it's the first I came out then anything else trying to be like it is just a
a knockoff and nothing to sell. Just like how Madden, I'm just trying to post examples
here, come on now. That's how I view sports games. Madden, Blitz, they're all football
games to me. They're interchangeable parts to me. A football game is a football game.
But now if I were the sports guy, I would be saying, oh, Sky, you're an ignorant motherfucker.
games are all different like this game's got this license and this game you play
and then you can play in the street and these different but to me the football
games they're all the same I played one I played them all maybe I'm just being a
little too critical with when I think about certain games especially when I
played practically almost every game there is
Go to a friend of mine who keeps running games and I play them.
Oh, do it all night. Do it with me. I'll take you to heaven if you make me feel free.
Do it tonight, do it alright Just take me and shake me till I burn up inside, aww
You may have got sex with Sam and Fred and Drizzle Max
You may be the slave of Tim and Tom and Ed some days
You may do it again with handsome friends and checking care
But you're gonna feel so free when you do it with me
Do it all night, do it with me
I'll take you to heaven if you make me feel free
Baby, do it tonight, do it alright
Just take me and shake me till I burn up inside
Oh, do it all night, do it with me
Hard as a fire and as strong as a tree
Do it tonight, do it alright
You got it, I knew it, you can do it tonight
You're the home of the fire, of the straw in the tree
Come on, do it with me.
I'm gonna trust me
I see them, I see them
Yuma, Yuma, don't get me
Ooh-ah, ooh-ah, you're too much
You'll be all the color of your day, more
More or less, I'll be there
Yuma, Yuma, don't touch me for me
Ooh-ah, ooh-ah, don't touch me
This morning, I open my eyes And everything's still the same
I turned to the guy who was dated last night And now I can watch your lips
I think it needs to happen more and more I love those men one and all
Each new one of me makes my heart beat fast When I see them so strong and tall
I'll get it too
Everybody wants to be certified Pluntry aluminium is to
Everybody wants to be certified Pluntry aluminium is to
oak Cause the roads gonna cover the Bakman class
Cause the roads gonna cover the Bakman class
Cause the roads gonna cover the Bakman class
Cause the roads gonna cover the bakman class
Cause I, I spy Emi's F right
Cause the roads gonna cover the bakman class
Cause I, I spy Emi's F right
Cause the roads gonna cover the bakman class
Cause the roads gonna cover the bakman class
Cause the roads gonna cover the bakman class
Cause the road gonna cover the bakman class
Cause the roads gonna cover the bakman class
Cause the roads gonna cover the bakman class
Cause I, I spy Emi's F right
Cause the roads are gonna cover the bakman class
Cause I, I spy Emi's F right
It's just the way we ride, it's just the way we say it, it's just the way we...
Orange Lounge Radio.
We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
They serve a bit of it, my name is, they serve a bit of it, my name is...
You know they played that song at the club last night too, the...
a beat better work it I love that song love it anyway um in that break you
heard some songs there some a different type of Valentine's Day for you do it
all night injection of love so many men and Jack and Mark get busy get it Jack
and Mark yeah even though the song really has nothing anyway I just think
it's got a funny title I was I couldn't think of a fourth song that was kind of
that without doing like a four-song erotic break trying to mix up the
artists a little bit I couldn't think of a four song I'm sure now they'll be
yelling it's yelling ideas in the chat room so yeah we'll see anyway we are
gonna open up the skype line in a little bit if you're trying to call in right
now we're not gonna take your call just yet because we want to give folks a
chance to fire up the skype line and call in www.orangeontrader.com click on
interact with us if you want more information before we do that though I
want to talk about Loki's little project. Loki's been working on this project for
several weeks now and this is exciting to me because he has actually finished
this project and I've known Loki a while now and he never finishes his projects.
This is like the first project I've seen him actually finish. So Loki set it up
for us. What is this you're doing and why, Angel if you'd be so kind, what is this
you're doing and why I basically made a portable computer that's inside of an
xbox why I don't know I could have simply bought a laptop for the amount of
money they spent building this damn thing by the way it's screen caps on
orange andre dot-com right now if you want to save them that would be lovely
I'm sure we'd appreciate that yeah cuz I need you know anyways there it is it's
on the webcam, the orange box. There really looks like, you know, an Xbox. It's all orange.
How did you build this? What parts went into this? Well, there's a micro-ITX board that's
inside. It's a very small 15 centimeter by 15 centimeter motherboard. There's a 160 hard
drive which is going to have wonderful rips of movies and whatnot to take with me because
it's also going to be used as a media-type computer when I'm done. I'd be hooking up
to a TV, you know, to play movies off of and whatnot. It's got Windows XP on it right now.
I have built a portable monitor to go with it, which is on the webcam right now. It's
actually inside of a metal CD case, and it runs off of batteries if it needs to be, which
in this case it is running off of battery power right now. Normally, the PC itself actually
does have a battery however as I'm charging up today it looks like that the
battery is defective or something and only charged about 75% of the way before
it said it was full and it's not so I have to send that back so that kind of
sucks but um everything um it looks really sweet I wish I could open the
case up for you guys to see it's got a UV fan on the top of it a kind of a like
a blower. And so, basically the whole thing is just, you know, self-contained in this
Xbox case right now. It's pretty sweet. It's kind of slow, because micro-ITX PCs are only,
they're, they have the processor built into the actual motherboard, and it's only one
gigahertz. So, we're talking a little slow, but, you know, hey, for a portable PC, it's
not bad. I think it's interesting that the monitor is just one of those PS1 screens.
It's crazy. How can you see things on that?
Very carefully.
It's a five, literally, it's a five inch monitor. And as if those like fifteen inch screens
weren't bad enough, you are doing computing work on a five inch monitor.
Well, I have a shortcut on the desktop for the magnifier in case, you know, I can't read
something. Because, you know, it does get tough. Especially when I set up the graphics
and stuff. I have the resolution set really low, so I can actually, you know, be able
to, you know, do stuff with it.
Yeah, it's a lovely shot of our floor there on the webcam right now, and the massive DVD
collection there.
And so, yeah, the lowest I could go...
I'm sorry, so was it, what do you want?
Was the resolution by 320 by 240?
I don't think you can go that low, can you?
It is a pro-PS screen, I'm not sure if it can go by...
No, it's really actually, to be honest, because I have it 640x480 and I adjusted all the fonts so they're huge, I can actually read it pretty well.
icon you know the icons you can read what they you know say on it and
everything and it's not that hard to read and like I said I have the
magnifier you know macro or not really macro but a shortcut to the magnifier
and if I can't read anything you just move it over there and you can actually
read it there's a little like window at the top that magnifies everything really
big so you can actually see it but this monitor I mean not only will it output
it'll output to anything that takes the TV out, you know, or TV in. So I can hook this
up to the TV and that's, you know, we won't have any problems seeing the picture. This
is just for, you know, to make it sure portable, which I hope to take it with me, the E3. That
was the whole purpose of building it in the first place. Now, if I can only get that goddamn
battery to work. Yeah. I just think it's so crazy you took an Xbox. Why did you decide
to put a computer inside an Xbox.
Because honestly, I thought about first doing a Dreamcast, too small, and the Xbox being
the largest console system that I can think of.
Well you know what's funny is that, I don't know, have you shown like an above shot of
it where they can see the fan?
Because it's so funny because you actually drilled out that little Xbox logo that's in
the center of an Xbox, and that's where you put the fan, and I find that so hilarious,
I don't know why I'm so easily amused by that.
but the way you laid everything out is so funny. Plus, I think it's funny, you were
telling me about how you were holding some of the stuff in. You were, literally parts
of this computer are being held together, oh that's a nice shot right there on the webcam.
Literally parts of this are being held together by duct tape and zip ties.
No, not duct tape. Zip ties for the most part. The hard drive is being held in by zip ties
because the way it had to be mounted, I couldn't mount it on the bottom because I didn't have
the right screws for it. So I actually mounted it with zip ties, and that sucker ain't movin'.
So, um, that's pretty good. Um, the CD-ROM is actually being held in there, not by duct
tape, but it's just double-stick tape that, you know, has a five-pound, um, weight limit
on it, so the CD-ROM's fine. And it's this little laptop, I actually have a laptop CD
burner in here. Wow. See, for... You actually have a drive, I didn't realize you had a drive
in there. Why the hell did you fit that? There's a CD burner in there that actually fits in
there right where the normal drive would be. That is crazy! The only problem is, lately
it's been sticking, so I gotta figure out why that is, but that barely fit in there.
With the fan in there, it's literally pressed up right against the fan. Now, Dark Knight
says, if Bill Gates were to see that, Loki would be so toast right now. It's running
Microsoft Windows. It's not like I put Linux in it.
Yeah, can you install Linux on it? Because God knows they'll install Linux on anything
they can. I think it's quite a little complicated. But you didn't go out and buy an Xbox and
gut it. No, I bought a case online. On eBay.
Not on eBay. There's an actual website that sells case mods and stuff so you can buy clear
clear cases. I should have bought a clear case, that would have been cool, but they
were like $30 more, so I was like, ask for it. So, I bought a case, and the hard drive,
everything's mounted on my own. I had to make and drill mounts for the motherboard. I had
to dremel the hell out of this. I want to move it so I can show the other side here,
But I'm afraid that I'm going to knock the power thing out again.
But anyways, yeah, unlike most PCs where you have all your ports on the back of the PC,
this has all the ports on the side of the Xbox, so it'd be on the left-hand side, and
I unfortunately cannot reach the camera over there to see that, but trust me, they're there.
And then the power's in the back.
The power right now was being held on by hot glue, however that fell off, so it's being
held on by a wire right now. That's just temporary until I get some super glue to put that on
there.
No, I thought the original idea for this is that it was going to be something you were
going to like have in a backpack or something and carry around with you. I guess that idea
is kind of out the window at this point.
Uh, that idea, that, no, what the hell. There's, to buy stuff to make your own, like, wearable
PC is way too expensive.
Because I was just thinking, my God, with a fan on the top like that, that's kind of
dangerous, in a way, if you're not careful.
Well, I'm going to have a grill over it, so that's not going to be a problem.
Yeah, right now, though, it doesn't have a grill over it.
That's the cool thing about this, though, is with the fan being right over,
where the fan is located is right on top of the RAM and the north and south bridge on the motherboard,
you know, the two main chips that they have on there to do all the processing.
And then slightly diagonal of that is the processor,
So all of the heat that's generally off of that is just shot out of the top like nothing.
So this PC will not overheat at all, which is awesome.
And then the hard drive is pretty large.
It takes about half the Xbox case itself, and that has its own fan as well.
I actually used the Xbox fan that was built into the case.
Wow.
Now, they're saying in the chatroom, Dark Knight says it would have been awesome
if the Xbox boot-up screen followed by the Windows boot-up music,
but you actually took the Xbox boot-up screen and that's your background on the PC, right?
That is the background. Um, I can't get a very good shot at the picture right now, but, um,
yeah, it says, uh, I'll, maybe I'll see if we can get in here, uh,
well anyways, it says the Orange Box PC created by Loki. I'll post the pictures
of that scene later, but, um, yeah, that, it is the actual, um,
screen there, and I have a theme kinda going with it.
This case that's in right now, um, actually, I'm gonna just probably just unplug this real quick.
Are there a lot of people out there that have done this? Turned their Xboxes and gutted them and done PCs?
There's, um, a few people that have, um, I've seen one that they've actually shoved a GameCube inside of an Xbox, as well as an Xbox.
Interesting.
Then I've seen people that have actually taken the whole Xbox stuff out, put it in a PC case with a Playstation 2, and also pretty much all the game systems all in one, which is kind of retarded, but whatever.
And I've got to paint the case still for the modern orange as well to match the rest, but that's optional of course.
Interesting. Alright, well thanks for sharing. Maybe we can get some clearer picks and put them up on our website, because we don't really use our...
I can use the campaign for anything.
We'll figure something out.
Alright, we'll figure something out.
Alright, anyway, we are going to open up the Skype line for some feedback, if you guys want to call in.
If you want to talk about the Xbox PC, if you have any questions for Loki on that.
Or, of course, we're willing to talk to you guys for a little bit about the Pump It Up news, about the DDR news, all that stuff.
stuff, call in right now, www.orangelaundraider.com, click on the interact with us link for more
information about how to get a hold of us through the Skype line.
Meanwhile while we wait for that, because it takes a minute for the buffer to hit, say
hello to Bugd, who just joined us in the studio.
Hello to Bugd, who just joined us in the studio.
How you doing, sir?
Uh, naked hot tubbing, actually.
What?
Yeah, that was yesterday.
I went down to San Jose and did some naked hot tubbing.
Close your mouth, you're tracking flies.
Run that by me again. Why?
Why the hell not?
Okay, whatever.
There was a hot tub?
I don't know. I don't know how to follow that up.
Alright, let's go.
Thank God we have somebody on the Skype line.
Hi, you're on Orange Sounds Radio.
Legend of Zaku here.
Hello. Hello, Legend of Zaku.
You're a little bit choppy tonight. What's up?
Let me see.
Yeah, the choppiness of my school's connection.
connection, IRC basically kicking me out, you know, basically dying on me a few times,
that's why they use a new program for IRC now.
Well, life sucks, what's on your mind?
Let me see, all this jive about people just, you know, being so pessimistic about, you know,
can I make another mix, another arcade mix, that's just really, I don't know, that's kind
of getting to me personally. You're just upset that people are pretty much writing it off and
and people are saying it's never gonna happen?
They're doubters. I mean, they're basically pessimistic as we speak.
I'm not saying any names, but that's the mood I'm sensing right now.
Well, you can't say that there's for sure never gonna be another Konami arcade mix,
because there is one coming out in Europe. We know that much.
Yes. If it does good, then, you know, Konami can rethink their plans of, you know, bringing it stateside.
Is it possible there will be a new arcade mix? I say yes, but I just, I don't think we really know at this point what's going to happen.
If it's going to happen, you know, tomorrow, if it's going to happen in the next, you know, couple of years, or what?
And if this is a life-turning event for you?
Well, no. No, but at the same time, it's kind of sad that, you know, DDR introduced me to all these people,
and you know it gave me an idea for a radio show that you know we've been
doing for the past few years and everything it's just kind of sad that
DDR you know helped with all that and now the game is not happening and that's
why people are so passionate about it. It's because people have been sucking
down on Xtreme for about two years now. I agree that it's good that the longer it
goes on the more that the other games like In The Groove and Pump It Up are
gonna catch on so I agree the Konami shooting themselves in the foot but what
can you do what what the hell I know I don't know what that noise was either but
that's right um well you know I I don't you know as far as the petitions and
things go that's all nice and dandy but I think it really sits in Konami of
Japan's court and we're all basically their bitches right now until they make
a decision well yeah but yes we do and he's but he you have to remember he's
with Konami of America and as far as the American home versions are going they're
freakin fabulous ultra mix 2 was a fabulous mix and a DDR 3 more fabulous
A DDR Extreme, despite all the crap DDR Extreme got from some people, they tried something
different, they tried a lot of new things, and for the most part it was pretty cool.
And for the casual player, it was very cool.
So as far as DDR home stuff in America, they're really not doing anything wrong.
They're doing everything right.
So you can't fault them.
So I don't know.
I know, I can accept that, but you know, come on now. Two weeks without a mix, there has to be something done. Anything. I don't care if you just make at least a faint action of just starting to make one. I would care as long as I know that you guys are thinking of something.
Well, hopefully they'll give us a clue at some point, but anyway, Zaku, we're going to let you go because there's a bunch of people trying to get in, and you're kind of fading out anyway, so I've got to let you go, buddy, but have a good one. Thanks for calling. Later.
Alright, let's pick up this one. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Hey, Sky, it's Elmoet again.
Hello, Elmoet, what's on your mind?
Well, basically, Legend of Zaku was talking about how he wasn't going to name names while I was the other half of that argument.
Okay, alright, so you want to give us the other half of the story here then?
Well basically, all my other half was, is that I'm sure Konami would love to release another arcade mix here in the States,
but then again, they're going to have to look at how profitable is it going to be for them at this point in time.
I would think it's profitable, personally, but I don't know.
I mean I don't have, I have a skewed perspective and I think we all do as DDR addicts, we think
our game is perfect and it's making Konami tons of money and we don't really know.
But when I see the imitators doing well, such as Pump It Up is doing so well that now they're
going to do a home release, it kind of makes me go, hmm, if the imitators are doing well...
That's true, but now that the imitators are moving to the home markets, I'm hoping that
But this news about PuppetUp being released on a console in the U.S. is a huge wake-up
call.
But then again, the U.S. console scene is not where Konami needs a wake-up call.
Because they're, as I said in the last call, they're doing everything right, as far as
I'm concerned.
So...
That's true.
That's true.
They're not the ones that need the wake-up call.
They should go out and release this to Japan.
Right.
I mean...
The one thing that really...
Which I guess they've done already.
But...
Yeah, most likely.
Just the one thing that really gets me is that people are
bitching and moaning, the U.S. needs a new arcade mix, when there hasn't been a new
U.S. arcade mix in years.
Well, that's a very good point, is people often confuse these
Japanese releases that get imported as U.S. releases.
Not only that, but
we kind of shot our own selves in the foot as far as U.S. arcade games go,
Because when DDR USA was released, the arcade version, it seemed more people wanted to play
the imports.
They wanted to play the ones with the 50, the 80, the 100 song.
Well because DDR USA for the most part was crap, and so was the first home release, when
you put it side by side with the import.
But now, I trust Konami of America way more now than I would have back then.
Because I would think that if they put out an arcade, like I said, I said this when Ultra
Mix 2 first came out. Make Konami of Hawaii do the next arcade mix. We'll all want to
have sex with it. It'll be beautiful. Look up with a different drum again. It'll be a
beautiful mix. Nobody's going to complain.
I agree 100% with you there, Sky. Anyway, moving off of this subject, the reason why
I wanted to call was because of the new PIU North American release.
Sometimes I'd just like to take the I out and call it P.U.
Never mind. Anyway, sorry, yes, all right.
You're funny.
Yeah, I know.
Who said there wasn't any comedy on this show?
They don't pay me to be funny.
Uh...
I just got here.
Pup...
Pup...
Yes, Bug?
I-I just got here.
Whatever.
There's been no comedy.
Uh...
Pump it up in the U.S. What'd you wanna say?
I wanted to say that I am a very happy person for them doing this.
And I'm looking at the song list and it looks to be a very, very tough package to beat.
there's a song list for the u.s. well yeah if you check down in the DDR freak
thread if you check down like very low in the second post they've already
released a song list it's going to be very heavily influenced by the Korean
version the Korean home version it's going to be 85 songs tons of Banya
There's gonna be tons of kpop surprise tons of Banya
But there's going to be lots of kpop I'm there's there's you've heard that there's going to be some exclusive American content
Okay, the kpop dwarfs that by like five or six times
Interesting. I I'm still is it you're saying the song list is on page two of that thread is what you said page two
Oh, there it is. I see it. Okay. Never mind. I got it. I see it. Ooh, we get starry on that's hot
Yeah, definitely. That's an obvious one. That's been...
Yeah, I know, but that song is so hot.
NXT, NXT 2...
Crystal Method, name of the game.
Wasn't somebody... Somebody was saying that that song needed to be in a dance game for like the longest time.
Was it you? I'm thinking Lanky style said it, but maybe it was you, Logy. I don't know.
That's hot. Elvis, Little Less Conversation, which is funny, that's a DDR song.
Let's Groove, not the DDR version, but the original Earth Wind Fire.
And Rapper's Delight, Sugarhill Gang.
What the hell?
Hey, that's kinda hot.
They're borrowing a lot from Dancing Stage, I can see.
Interesting.
Seems to be interesting.
And then like just a whole shitload of Banya songs.
Yeah, I've also noticed that
we have about fifteen songs less so far
than the
Korean version and I think that's a pretty good move because it seemed like
in the Korean song list
they put all of their good stuff on one disc
and I don't like that. If I see all their good stuff in one game
it doesn't mean that, it probably means that they're not going to have a hell of
a lot of good stuff for the sequel.
My only concern with buying this game at this point is that I don't want to spend
the money on the other pad.
So this game better be well priced.
But they say this is going to be bundled with a pad, so at least there's that.
Well, I'm willing to check it out.
I'm just happy that I get to play Turkey March at home.
I'm not that fickle!
For DDR, it's Moonlight Shadow.
And, to a lesser extent, Un Deux Trois.
For Pump It Up, it's Turkey March.
You know what, and for me, it's Funky Tonight. I love that song. And Starry On. So I'm thrilled as hell about this mix. So that's cool.
Thank you for letting, thank you for giving us a heads up to the song list there. I appreciate that.
No problem.
Alright, we gotta let you go on Mullet, but I'll let you work in a quick plug.
www.insidepulse.com again.
Visit it. Love it. Read us column.
Exactly.
Alright, have a good one. Bye bye.
I'm all happy about Pump It Up now. That's pretty good.
That is a way better song list than what I was expecting.
Yeah, I agree too. I would read it all for you guys, but there's a lot to it.
But basically, all those big Pump songs you guys know about, they're in there.
Actually, I didn't see if Run To You was in there, but somebody in the chat won't tell me.
I don't think so, because they took out the license for Run To You in C2,
and they've probably been taking out the new license from DJ Doc itself.
Maybe, I don't know, we'll see. Somebody in chat room will tell me, I don't know.
We'll see what's up.
Alright, um, why don't we get to the cage match? I will open up the skype line again a little bit later and show if you guys are interested in calling in,
but for right now we're going to get into the Orange Lounge Radio cage match because we're running a little bit behind in show right now.
So remember guys, if you want to participate in the cage match, you have to be in our chat room.
www.orangeloungeradio.com
and click on Chat
and we're going to move into the Cage Match.
The way the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match works
we play three songs for you guys.
You guys vote on your favorite
and the winning song goes into rotation all week long
on Orange Lounge Radio's 24-7
Bomani Music and More program.
Last week in the Orange Lounge Cage Match
Freezepoop, I'm sorry, Freezepop won.
You have to hear all their songs, you need to get that joke.
Freezepop, a favorite band of ours from Amplitude and Frequency and Boston,
won with their song called Stakeout.
Alright, well we'll see, will Loki be happy and Freezepop will be voted out tonight,
or will I be happy and this song stays in for another week?
We will find out, it's in your hands you guys.
Here's a clip, because you only get to hear a clip, because it won last week.
Remember, you can't vote until all three songs have played. Here's a clip of song number one,
last week's winner,
freeze-pop stakeout
I'm on a stakeout
I've got a plan in mind for you, I'm waiting till the time is right
I know that you like what I do, no need to put up a fight
Watching you from far away, you look so sweet and clueless
Soon I'll move in on my prey, it's time for me to do this
Watching and waiting, the feeling is elating
I need my time
Yeah, I know that you'll soon be mine
Soon be mine
Can't let you see me
Can't let you see me
Can't let you see me
I'm on a shakeout
Shaking and wasting
I'm on a shakeout
All right, song number one, a clip of last week's winner, Freezepop with Stakeout.
Let's get into song number two, which is brought to us by Loki.
Earth to Loki, what did you pick tonight?
I picked this song by a group that sounds just like Echo Image, and they also have
their group name is almost like Echo Image, it's Echoing Green.
Okay.
And this is the time of my life.
Actually, it's the story of our lives. Whatever, story of our lives, time of my life, close enough.
The story of our lives. Any reason you wanted to pick this?
It just, I don't know, it reminded me of Echo Image.
Alright, here it is, song number two, Loki's Pick, Echoing Green, Story of Our Lives.
So we take our hopes and hold them away We'll change them to the notes of yesterday
The chains of getting died
Tonight, our dreams are in our sight
Just when lifted out of nowhere
With sunspots in our eyes
We see the glory of our lives
Our hearts are burning bright
Just when lifted out of nowhere
Our songs all stay behind
To sing the story of our lives
In this place
Loneliness is never-ending
Consenting
We reached a bitter taste
For now, the heart's way down with nothing
Darkness gives our innocence away
But now we're seeking light
Tonight, our dreams are in our sight
Cause when they're still not knowin' When the sun shines in our eyes
We see the glory of our lives Our hearts are burning bright
Cause when they're still not knowin' Our songs all stay behind
But to sing the story of our lives
The story of our lives
She comes first as the moon She melts in my throat yesterday
She's not getting tied to a knife
Our dreams are in our sights
Cause when the sun shines in our eyes We see the glory of our lives
Our hearts are burning bright Cause when the sun shines in our eyes
The pain of love we find, we hold the glory of our lives
In the story of our lives
Behold the glory of our lives
In the story of our lives
Okay, that was song number two in tonight's cage match, Echoing Green, story of our lives.
Let's see what we thought of that here in the room.
off with angel tonight I thought it did remind me a little bit of echo image
I'll give them that um it's pretty good
all right explicit all right bug what you give it a score on a scale of 10 all
Alright, fine. Loki. Loki. I liked it, so it gets a 9.
For once, I actually kind of like a song that Loki put in Cage Match a whole lot.
But, I think it's a little long and it's kind of weird for Cage Match. I don't know if I could hear that on our station.
But, I like the song, so I have to give it at least an 8. It's not like an 8 and a half.
Alright, let's get into song number three this week, which comes to us via Dark Sakura, even though she's not here tonight.
She still gets to put a song in, so here it is. She has chosen some, uh, Schwarzstein for you guys.
hmm and I believe it's a band she put in cage match before but this is a new song
it's called faster love and it's song number three in tonight's cage match
Enjoy you guys!
Oh
No
Oh
He'll go onEN
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Not faster love. I fucked that up when I was announcing it. It's faster love.
I have a strange feeling that Jamie picked that one on purpose with the holiday tomorrow. I don't know.
Uh, Angel!
It was okay.
I'm just a little thirsty.
Um...
Geez. Seven?
Alright, uh, explicit.
We have that, um, gothic, gothic feeling.
For some reason it kind of makes you feel like you're in a church listening to techno music, or...
I don't know how to interpret it. It's a different type of style of music, but...
I'll just give it an 8.
I'd dub it Cher Takes Up Nose Whistlin'.
It went on far too long. 3.
Okay, like just maybe want to slit my wrist. So I don't know. I guess I would give it like a
Six and a half seven. I'll give it seven overall. I mean, I like the music a lot
It was just the guy's voice was kind of like oh god. I wow. All right. So remember though, it isn't up to us
It's up to you guys in the chat room
So here it is a recap and then you can vote song number one
One you can vote for tonight is last week's winner, Freeze Pop with Stakeout.
And song number two you can vote for tonight is Echoing Green, Story of Our Lives.
And song number three you can vote for tonight,
Schwarzstein, Festerlove.
["Festerlove"]
Alright guys, place, vote, now!
Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote.
And we will tally all those votes up and let you guys know who the winner is very soon.
In the meantime, Loki, what's going on in the sim scene right now?
No, I'd hate to say this, but nothing, absolutely nada is happening in the sim scene right now.
I can't even, I can't really even comment on anything that's going on, cause really there's nothing going on.
Nothing, zip, no tournaments, no files, no nothing, just nothing.
However, however, I will take this time to play you one little song. Because, this is
a sim file, and yes, it's one of those ones I downloaded. Why? Because it says Max 300
Remix. So why do I-
I thought you hated those Maxes.
I have to listen to every single one. It is my duty to listen to them, just in case there's
a good one. And honestly, that happens every now and then. So, this song, for your listening
pleasure is Max Vagina. That's right, Max Vagina. Enjoy!
Oh yeah, you should have your voice in the cut, and then try to make it a little harder.
Fuck man, I don't believe you.
Take me in.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Let's do it!
So yeah, that's what's going on in the simp scene right there.
Uh, explicit, did you get a boner with that song?
I was about to say that, no!
It struck more.
What the hell was that?
Seriously, what was that?
What?
I can explain what that is.
I know where the sources are from.
Okay, first I take, wait a minute, wait a minute,
wait a minute, is this why you had to give up
the boner thing for Lent?
I'm not gonna comment from that.
It's not even close.
There's no visuals, sound effects, okay, I can handle.
I can hear, ah, ah, ah, all the time
without getting a boner, but visuals is where it comes from.
Anyways, back to the story.
That was crap.
I know the sources where it came from
basically Max 150 sound effects and I think the sound effects that were like
the porno sounds is from the video the porno video from City Crawford I
actually have that DVD too it's from a song by a group called the porno rockers
that's the group name yeah it's just like you know I don't know more like a
I download that stuff just because, you know, it's fun to hear. You just have to listen to them, because you don't really realize how bad they are. But then again, those are funny sometimes.
To the person who made that, screw you. Seriously, sorry, but what the hell was that?
You can think, BanzaiGTV.
Oh, I know, I've seen this guy remix, okay.
And he has done other sim files also like Sabrina, a step file announcer, which is someone on um...
But we have Paranoid Extreme, Rock Mix, Twinkle Twinkle, Shocking Star, the Sailor Moon theme, um...
Yeah, he's got quite a bit of stuff he's done, but um... whatever.
I don't know, I thought that was funny.
This is why I stopped downloading stuff from Be Mighty Star, unless they're good quality.
I'm sick and tired of seeing hearing max remixes that are cut and paste, more than I sound like too much cut and paste.
All I have to say is dot dot dot.
You guys want to find out who won tonight's cage match?
You ready to know?
Sure.
Alright, here it is.
Winning song of tonight's cage match as determined by your vote.
Freezepop! Two weeks in a row, Freezepop wins tonight. Not very many votes ahead of the
other two, though. Kind of surprising, it was kind of close. A lot more votes for songs
two and three than I would have guessed from the initial chat room feedback, so some very
interesting thoughts there in the chat room. Anyway, we're going to go to a break. I'm
out of theme ideas for this break, so I think we're just going to play random stuff in this
break. We'll come back after this with more Orange Launch Radio, including the FUs of
the week. Want to do a little more Skype later on if we can, et cetera, et cetera. So in
this break, we'll start off with the Shining Polaris. We haven't played this song in a
while. We'll be back after this. More Orange Lounge Radio.
The shine of my life
The shine of my life
If you will show me what you've got in your heart
Let me know you're where you're at
Make me do it any way
I don't want to be alone
I don't want to be alone
I don't want to be alone
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go!
One, two, one, two, three, four!
1, 2, 3, 4!
It's good to know that love's not going to pass
Let's go
Like a sushi-style delight
Like even falling like a light
We're gonna all be together soon, right?
Don't let me go
Like a sushi-style delight
It's time for the best part of Orange Lounge, this video starts!
Holla!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Stop!
Hello and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio episode 131 in progress we just
wrapped up the cage match we're gonna move into the FUs of the week however
what we're going to do now is actually I wanted to talk to some folks some
friends of the show because I figured you know it's Valentine's Day and this
would be an appropriate theme to do right we're gonna talk to an actual DDR
couple this is gonna be nice all right let's talk to them let me give them a
call and see if they pick up. I think it's something to fit with the theme of the holiday
coming up. One ringy dingy.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hi, is this Jason and Rai-chan? It may be. I think it is. It is.
How are you guys? We're pretty good. Happy Valentine's Day a little early to you guys.
Thank you.
Now you guys are under the same roof right now, correct?
Yep.
Thankfully.
Aww, so cute.
Because now, for those that don't know, you guys are kind of doing one of those long distance
thingy thingies, right?
Yep.
So you have to travel once in a while to see each other, so.
Yep.
That's what's going on right now.
Well, with the holiday coming up, and I can't help but think of all those threads on DDR
Freak that goes, oh my gods, how do I meet a girlfriend playing DDR?
So I just thought maybe, you know, you guys could share a little bit about how you guys
met and, you know, how it moved on, everything like that, if you could give us a little history
of your guys' relationship.
Well, see, me being a whole Southwest moderator, I, um, flirted over private messages.
That's the way all girls' hearts don't, you know, I mean, come on, Rob.
Oh, I forgot.
Yeah, that's right, the moderatorship on DDR Freak instantly gives you a huge internet
penis, I forgot about that.
Exactly.
basically the way we see it is just she uh we at southwest had a little what do you look like
thread going and so she posted some pictures of herself and me being the good dutiful
moderator had to tell her that hey right-hand your images are too big could you link them for me
please and as soon as i did that i was rummaging around live journal and apparently she knew one
friends as well. I saw her avatar in a picture,
in a comment, and we just kinda started talking.
And you actually forgot to mention the fact that
in that PM it said, I hate to cover up such a pretty face.
Oh, of course, you have to have them.
Oh, that's so cute.
Right now, what was your reaction when you got the private message? Were you like,
ah, who's this weirdo hitting on me, or what? At that point, I didn't see it as that.
It's kind of amazing because I was still, oh my god, it's the moderator, he's messaging me.
So you guys didn't meet necessarily at an arcade or anything, you actually met through the online forums.
So what was the first time you guys met in person?
November 1st.
Yes, the night after Halloween.
How did it work out, how did you guys meet, how did it all happen?
I was going to take a trip up to Colorado, and I did.
It's just that simple, huh?
Pretty much.
Wow, well you make interviewing really easy then.
I make it that easy.
How long have you guys been together now?
Officially, it would be a year and a month now,
and that was only three months before when we first met,
so one year and four months now,
and one year and one month officially.
Wow, how cute. So, um, so do you guys play DDR together or any of that dorky stuff? Or what do you guys, is DDR just kind of there? It's just an interest you guys both have? Or do you sometimes go out and do the nerdy bamani things together, like travel to arcades? Or what do you guys do?
Yesterday we went to MGL. Well, most of Jason played. The night before that we went and played some 2DX.
Played a little bit of DDR. Beat Mania 3, Dance Mania.
She owns me in home versions. I usually do it a little bit better in the arcade, but not always.
Oh that's kinda cute. Any plans for the big day tomorrow?
Uh, going to work unfortunately for me
but I'm gonna go in early so I can get out early and take her out to dinner or something really nice.
Did somebody say fucking in the microphone? Shame on you, this is a family show.
Bug, Bug just, was that Angel?
Angel did that? No. It was Bug.
Bug was whispering in the microphone, fucking.
You probably just couldn't hear it.
I see.
That's none of your business.
That's none of your business.
Don't you know that's rude?
Damn straight.
Besides, we all know they're going
to stay virginal until they get married, right?
Yeah.
OK, anyway, let's change the topic.
Do you have any?
I thought I already changed the topic right there.
Do you guys have any advice for those guys out there
that are all sad because of the Valentine's Day holiday and all they want is a gamer girlfriend.
Do you guys have any advice?
Stop whining, stop bitching, stop obsessing and be yourself and try opening your mouth
and shutting it normally.
And commit suicide.
Amen to all that.
Stop it, Loki.
Stop it.
Invite lots of loot.
I don't know.
Stop trying so hard.
I don't know.
Just don't be freakish about it.
We've had some pretty freaky people come up to me, so.
She's also had people try hitting on me. You or her?
Well, they express their, uh, fads. I wouldn't say, no, not fantasies, but they express their heavy likes for me. Other guys, yes.
And I apologize profusely about that, Jason.
It's okay, Rob. We know you're all.
All these nerdy people need to do is just rent a porno, get a nice dinner, and it's like a date right there.
You know, sadly enough, they actually have DVDs out there, because I've gotten them free from...
Oh, what is it? I don't remember the company. But anyways, there are these DVDs of, like, these women that, you know, pose for those, um, you know, like, import car magazines and stuff like that, and they actually have virtual dates as a feature on the DVD.
So if you get one of those, you know, it's...
Wow.
For some reason, I failed to be surprised.
Well...
Tomorrow, I'm gonna send myself...
I mean, I know it firsthand, though. Thank you.
Tomorrow I'm going to send myself flowers at work, so I can look popular.
What, Angel?
I can send you some pies in Final Fantasy XI and be like, Happy Valentine's Day.
Yeah, this Valentine's Day I'm going to spend some time with the one I love, so I'll be
in Final Fantasy XI all evening.
Okay.
No, actually, I got invited to a gay singles dinner.
And how gay is that in the overview?
But yeah, definitely I'm going, obviously.
One of my buddies is having it, so I'm like, okay, yeah, it sounds like fun.
So there's something for everybody on Valentine's Day. What?
I'm sure you'll have a gay old time.
I will, and then I'm going to come home and masturbate until the sun rises next day.
I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
Thanks for the details.
I'm kidding, I'm totally kidding.
Anything else you guys want to share about...
that much down below it shut up anything else you guys want to share any any
exciting things going on this week while while she's paying a visit or for some
reason I keep thinking she's gonna leave on Saturday but she's actually here
until Tuesday and so that's me happy every day I think I'm oh you're cutting
out for half that sentence so that's okay it's still cute all right I had to
share a headset to the best of our ability oh I see that's cool
Rai Chan, any plans for this week?
Not really.
Just enjoying each other's company?
Just spend it normally, like our advice says.
Okay, that's cool. Works for me.
Alright you guys, thanks for letting us bug you, and have a happy Valentine's Day, okay?
Thank you, Rob.
You're welcome.
Thank you.
Bye, kisses.
Bye, everybody.
Bye-bye.
Oh, it was nice to talk to them.
What?
What?
None of us here are bitter, right?
see single single single dating engaged so so we got mostly single but anyway oh
well what we're gonna do now is we're gonna get into another segment I thought
it would be very good to follow up the very lovey-dovey ah isn't that cute
segment with one of our favorite segments the F use of the week so what
What we're going to do now is get into those FUs of the Week.
This is the part...
Oh, by the way, if you guys want to send in an FU of the Week, just send me a private
message.
My name is Skye in the chatroom with your FU, but please try to keep it somewhat reasonable
in length.
If it's too long, I'm going to cut it short because I can do that.
That includes you in studio, all right?
So, this is the part where I would normally ask, Jamie, why do we do the FUs of the Week
every single week?
But she's not here, so I'm going to ask, Loki, why is it we do the FUs of the Week every
single week. Because we have anger.
Even though Dark Sacra is not here tonight, she's spending the time with her boyfriend.
She did want me to enter in an F.U. on behalf. She would like to give an F.U. to people,
in general, everybody.
So there you go.
That's alright.
Loki's turn!
Fuck you dude, the company that sold me the goddamn battery for my orange box PC
because the battery is
defective. It will not charge, in fact
it charges according to the battery about only 75% of the way because only three of the four
lights are on there.
And, not only that, when I was trying to charge it and plugging it in, it's all sparky now, the little bottom thing.
So that's probably not a good sign either.
So anyways, so fuck you then, because that battery cost me almost $200.
And that doesn't make me too happy.
Um...
And then finally, uh, fuck you to The Matrix Online, because...
I went to go play it yesterday, just to give it a second, you know, go around, and um...
It was admins only on that one server I was on, so I said fuck it, I'm tired of this, so I'm not gonna play it.
And, um, sucks for me for not having any money, so, uh, fucking me for spending my money on useless shit that I don't need, um, aka, uh, the orange box.
And yeah, that's pretty much it right now.
judges or whatever so an F you to that an F you to the fact that I really didn't
do a whole lot with my week but I had a really good weekend so I can't really
complain it kind of leaves everything on a high note so I guess it's really it I
don't have a whole lot else to vent about tonight so let's move on to our
guests in studio we'll start it off with the ER angel all right F you to me for
like not watching my book more carefully this week because I did get it swiped at
least you know from 48 hours and I got all like paranoid and stressed and all
that crap until the book got returned to me on Thursday and all that so screw
that I've used to kthr closing down because you know it it was too soon in
my opinion but you know there's nothing about now so whatever I'll live all
you know, I'll move on. And, uh, fucking it being an I.L. because it just makes, you
know, that alarm that much sooner to go off and it sucks, and whatever. Um, I guess that's
about it. I don't really know. I lost my share of that, so I guess this doesn't even matter.
Alright. So, whatever, I'm done. Alright, let's move on to Bug. Fucking to myself because
I forgot who the vice used to be after funeral party on Tuesday night.
It was Jagermeister.
You're in trouble. No, that's alright. It's cool. I understand.
But, uh...
Too bad all those people aren't still in town, though. I bet they'd love to see me now.
Most of them are. Most of them are, actually. Most of them didn't actually leak out.
Oh, really? Oh, we should all hang out or something.
We're gonna try. But, uh, uh...
I'm a little different than I was in high school.
No. No one would have guessed.
Oh, your plane's showing.
Oh, sorry.
Uh...
If you took the barrier, you'd be so damn far away.
Yeah. Agreed.
I just don't want to know about this naked hot tubbing stuff.
Huh?
Whose place was this at?
I can't tell you.
Okay, alright, fine.
There was a dual G5 Power Mac involved here.
power Mac okay hot all right yeah fair enough all right explicit I want to give
an FD to some white Ford mistake we're trying to run my ass over when when it
says walk on my on my part when I'm walking in this when I'm walking in the
pedestrian no I should not be run over because just because you're in a damn
hurry running 50 miles an hour and turning right on a red lane my god
and f you to in Zuma 469 for causing a shitload of drama the tournament
obviously you know if you can't stand it you don't like the rules don't don't
even go to the tournament you send us to numerous tournaments and
we're getting sick of it. You bring your drama personal drama that forced the
team four six nine shouldn't even be involved and you bring it in front of our
faces. Look what happens. Now you're banned. Luckily we did not kick
your ass. I want to give an eff you for my video
card from frying up like shit. Somehow like I think I started smoking my
video card for Radeon 9800. I still have to fix the problem, but if I can't fix that I have to do it with it right now.
And FU2 whoever turned off my fucking firewall, now I got a fucking virus I couldn't even delete
until I do some very good research towards it. Because not even Attaware or any of those other programs
could even take it out f you to whoever was spreading a fucking rumor about my
family and stuff that someone said that one of our family members hate each
other you know how much pain pain that is where the family if someone ever hears
that type of shit towards it hurts a lot of tears have been going through that
type of issue but luckily everything is solved and whoever said that have a shit
should be killed if you to being broke as hell that spent a lot of money and
and now I owe like some people for the tournament since that's what some people
say that the tournament got rigged over prizes get the fuck over it a few to
losing a shitload of money on Friday at the Thunder Valley casino on blackjack
that was me last week except not blackjack well in the fat yeah I lost I
I lost fucking 90 bucks over a fucking blackjack itself because someone some people can't even play fucking blackjack pretty well
They hit him when I'm not supposed to hit
Okay, if you see a six on the field
You're not supposed to fucking hit
You're supposed to leave it stay because they know they're at the US and it's in trouble
Yeah, you hit and they gave him 21 you get fucked over. Thanks a lot
And since it is a three-hour show, I want to say to be continued
my ink will never
Alright, let's move on to the next segment, which would be the chatroom FUs.
Starting it off with MPQ.
In order of severity, FU to the laggy broadcast, FU to myself for inadvertently reformatting
my hard drive twice in a week, FU to my parents for losing the wireless network password,
And F you to my little sister for drawing on my laptop with a permanent marker.
Dark Knight says I think this might be a running F you, but F you to Valentine's Day and being
broke and single and having to work on Valentine's Day.
Zaku says F you to being worried about getting work, F you to Valentine's Day for being so
discriminating to singles, and F you to having to wait till I'm employed so that I can buy
the Bomani hardware I desire.
illusion says f you to valentine's day okay i've got two girls that were in
love with me
but they tell me this after they get a boyfriend what the fuck
anyway i'm gonna draw my valentine's sorrow in a big tub of chocolate ice
cream
and multiple viewings of when harry met sally
bs bx jason xd and right chance and they're together in the same place right
now you know
they said uh... i guess we could say f u to anyone in advance that f u's
Valentine's Day. RPGKing7 says, if you do get this FU, an FU to all the employers that
won't hire me. I'm desperate for a job, but not male gigolo desperate. And an FU to losing
all my PlayStation 2 data and to Valentine's Day. Step it off. 1215 says F you to constantly
being broke and never being able to get anything I want. And Llama Juice says F you to red
octane for losing my order for my metal pad that I waited the two months for. And to Microsoft
because my xbox isn't reading discs anymore
and dork says f you to valentine's day and girls insert frowny face here
oh i think that was a bit of a recurring thing there tonight the uh...
f you to uh... valentine's day so yes hugs to dk
oh well what just him
i know i know a lot of people are sad about valentine's day though
Okay, hugs to you too then. There. Better?
Much. Okay.
Um, let's see. When the hell is that you're watching, Loki? It looks like some
public access production of Superman. What is this?
It's the world's finest. It's a
fan-made trailer for a movie that doesn't exist.
Where do people get the time to do that? Seriously?
I mean, I guess, but then again, this coming from a guy who co-hosts a three-hour internet show dedicated to video games.
Well, this guy's actually trying to get himself, you know, work.
It's a director that does the stuff, and he's done the same ones.
He did another one called Batman Dead End, which was Batman vs. Alien vs. Predator.
It's a little short. It was really well done.
That was the one that was really cool in the beginning, and then when it was Predator-fied, I was like, this is gay.
But they did another one called Grayson 2 which is supposed to be like Robin stuff. It looks cool. I mean they have like pretty cool people.
It's better than your average fan film. Let's just put that one. But anyways, yeah.
Interesting. Where can you download that? Is that like an ain't it cool news thing?
I believe the Force.net has links to these. They have like a fan film link for like other stuff.
You can also get some weird Matrix ones too, but like another one that's pretty cool is Matrix Run Program, I think is the name of that one.
That was pretty well done too.
So, this director's trying to find work, so what he does is he wastes tons of money making these fake ass trailers for movies so that internet nerds can get big boners over them. Is that correct? Except explicit.
Exactly. Alright. Interesting. Alright, we're going to take a quick break and then when we come back, we're going to wrap things up.
And please keep your boners secured at all times.
at all times.
And then there might be a few other surprises when we come back from break. We'll see.
But no boners. So, yes, Logie.
I mean, these would, I mean, obviously they're not theatrical quality, but I could definitely see this being like a TV movie or something.
They really should let this guy make movies. Because I think they'd be pretty decent. I mean, they'd be better than like, you know, Lois and Clark and stuff.
I don't think they should let this guy ever make a movie.
They let the guy that made, uh, what was it, Unbow or whatever his name was, okay, they let him make movies. Why not this guy?
Because I would rather Uwe Boll make movies than this guy because if this guy actually gets a deal and actually gets to make a movie,
every freaking person on the internet will be turning out crap trying to imitate this. So sorry, dude, but, uh, hope it doesn't work.
No comments to that, Loki?
That was completely and utterly retarded your idea, I'm sorry
Suck it. All right, we're gonna go to a break. We'll be back. I thought we could do some disco tunes in this break
So we'll be back after this
We're gonna ride for life
Baby, ride for life
We're gonna move tonight
Let's move tonight
Yeah, we'll ride for life
Baby, ride for life
We're gonna move tonight
Oh, let this go
Alright
Oh, let this go
Stand up, stand up, stand up, stand up, alright
Let this go, try to get through
Alright, alright, alright
Let this go, say it shows
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Break down
With me and she
Break down
With me and she
Here I am gonna stand my ground
Nothing in the world's gonna bring me down
Hit me, yell and give me roar
I am something that you can't ignore
I am here for all of us
I am this and we're all so fabulous
So free go, so beautiful
So free gay, free go, so fabulous
So free gay, free go, so free gay
You're strong like a deer, like a deer
Better be ready, gonna get your attention
I'm an original baby, no carbon copies, a fake verse for me
radio. We are back here on Orange Lounge radio
about to wrap stuff up. But you know when we get towards the end of the show
and we're running out of things to talk about, we always turn to the DDR community to
find us some inspiration
and of course we like to head on over to the biggest
DDR site out there, the ddrfreak.com
and we like to find ourselves the ddrfreak
Post of the week, so we're gonna look at our DDR chit chat post of the week
Did you do
It was actually slim pickins this week there was really not a whole lot of newbie posts
I mean there was some but nothing that hilarious
So this is hard for me to make a determination, but I did decide on this this post here
This is a post and it's called American songs are wrecking
DDR um
Um and the post goes like this um whose idea was it to put songs made by like
Cher and Madonna in DDR unless you're a housewife these songs gotta go they
didn't put max period in extreme u.s. and I didn't think they're making DDR anymore
anyway mod chips are becoming illegal and buying another Japanese PlayStation
2 will only cost too much and I can't play my Japan only songs because of
stupid American songs not to be offensive I'm just saying that the
American songs are stopping songs like Sakura and max period for making it into
us DDR games I got a question does it really matter if a song is like 300
beats p.m. or more because honestly everyone who complains about this is
wants a max song in it or paranoia survivor paranoia survivor max into any
of the u.s. releases of course everyone knows there's no paranoia survivor or
and I don't know if you know about the Paranoia Survivor Max, like the Vulture Mix or the extreme series.
Hell, Paranoia Survivor and Survivor Max are just sped up versions of the other song!
Wooo! Paranoia Survivor and Wooo! Paranoia Survivor Max! Which is a sped up version of the song.
Wow, that took a lot of work there. See, that's what's sad. People, you know, they probably looked at these people playing Sim Files and they're like,
They like max 600s just sped up max 300. Let's do that with paranoid survivor. We have two songs for the price of one
Exactly I
Don't know about you guys, but I think DDR is all about fun and trying to play Sakura
Heavy on a home pad is not fun
dancing around to Sharon Madonna fun
I mean, I don't mind about the song list
But some people just have to get a grip that mix is not gonna have all ten footers
Rob, that's just the gay in you, saying that.
Hey! I like
a lot of songs in DDR, not just the gay ones.
So, Angel, your thoughts.
You have any thoughts on this one? No? She's shaking her head.
Okay. Instead she's giving me candy. Ooh, that's a very good thing. I like candy.
Candy's a good way to make me happy. These little, like, they look like Pringles, but they're not. They're little chocolate chip things.
Swoops, is that what they're called?
Yeah, I mean, yeah, but related to my question, would anybody buy a mix that had
70 paranoia and 10 maxes all in just one package?
Yeah, yes they might.
Cause, honestly.
Seriously, why don't we release a home mix, and these are the songs we'll put in it.
put in it we'll put like max period paranoid survivor max the max 300 mix
from ultra mix to you know what fuck it we'll just license a whole bunch of
nine-inch nails and the crystal method and all these really fast groups to do
fast songs will license all their tracks and we'll put it in a home mix and we'll
call good fucking luck mix playing this on your fucking home pad
they could just do and fuse the song like everybody doesn't be my style max
I hope you own a fucking cobalt flux mix, seriously, because that's the only way you're going to pass any of this shit.
Or DDR controller mix. Button button revolution.
Rape rape revolution. How rapey that is.
Or America's Beatmania.
go that's what you guys that have won it wanted a beat mania USA there you go
they're just gonna release a DDR mix and have nothing but tens and 11s in it yeah
they'll have 11 footers in it now and they'll call it beat mania USA there it
is anyway I think that's gonna do it for tonight's episode of orange lounge radio
so now we're gonna go around and get everybody's final thought oh I do want
want to make a plug real fast though before we go around and get everybody's
final thought the podcast our podcast rocks seriously you should download it
although I do notice and if you haven't taken the poll that's on the main page
of orange lounge radio.com yet in the upper right hand corner if you haven't
taken that poll yet please do because it's helping us gauge a little bit I do
notice a lot of you are saying you can't listen to the podcast because it's kind
of complicated to set up and I would urge you to read through the
instructions on our website if that's one of you that if you mark that answer
or read through the instructions on our website under the Orange Lounge Radio To-Go edition
page, it's really easy. All you gotta do is download a program called iPodter, and you
can get this at, what, it's just ipodter.sourceforge.net, or even just put it into, like, Google, do
a search for it. It's really easy to find, and then it gives you, like, a window in there
where you put in a URL, just like a web browser. Put in our URL, it is super, super easy. Again,
You do not need an iPod or any type of portable MP3 device to listen to the show.
They only call it a podcast because it sounds cute and iPods happen to be popular.
You don't need one.
Logie?
I did find one of the songs that could be on that, you know, Good Fucking Luck mix.
Berserker, reality!
What the fuck?
And sadly enough, that is a sim file that can be found on BomaniStyle.com.
I've seen a lot of realities, I just don't download them.
You know what? We'll just let DM Ashura do all the music.
And then, you know what? DM Ashura will do all the music,
and then, um, who's that
kid that does all the crazy-ass Oni steps?
Everybody gets a big boner except for you when he releases a new sim file.
What is his name? And then he retired, came back.
No! What is it? Bimani ruler?
He can do all the steps.
Oh god. I don't even think he cares about zip files anymore.
Good for him. Alright. Obviously. Alright, now let's go around and get everybody's
final thought. Bug, your final thought. Naked hot tummy.
Explicit, your final thought.
I survived the anti-boner lent, so far.
So far.
So don't send me any more porn or anything like that.
And what is your email address?
Huh?
What is your email address?
Explicitalpha.yahoo.com
Just look up his profile on DDR3.
Angel, your final thought?
Need more time in a week to play, um, Final Fantasy XI. Yeah.
my final thought is I don't want to go back to work tomorrow and tomorrow's
Valentine's Day and it's gonna suck because everybody's gonna have flowers
and shit and I don't have that stuff Loki your final thought I know I'm
clicking and I don't care now my final thought is I don't want to have to
return his fucking battery sucks $200 and the final word of the show I'm gonna
give the final word of the show to Loki Loki one word to sum it all up tonight
bacon that does it for another episode of orange lounge radio live orange
lounge radio live is an orange lounge radio production for more information
about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
And now today's Ebonics language lesson, meeting girls.
My, you're a lovely young lady.
Damn, you's a fine motherf***er.
Damn, you's a fine motherf***er.
Let's go for a ride, shall we?
Hey baby, jump in my lowrider and let's rotate these tires.
Hey baby, let's jump in my lowrider and let's rotate these tires.
You are beautiful.
I would like to make love to you.
Damn bitch, you stupid fly.
Let me pull up to that bumper and smack that monkey.
Damn bitch, you stupid fly.
Let me pull up to your bumper and smack that monkey.
Greeting old friends.
Hello sir.
What up, dawg?
What up, dawg?
May I borrow some money?
Hey, let me hold some ends. I'll hit you back on the first, my brother.
Hey, let me hold some ends. I will hit you back on the first, my brother.
You don't have it? Thanks anyway.
F*** you!
F*** you.
Making new friends. Hello, sir.
What up?
What up?
I admire your fashionable running shoes.
Drop them Nikes off your ass before I blast you, motherf***er!
Drop them Nikes off your ass before I blast you, motherf***er!
I used to be a stuck-up white boy faking the funk.
Bump that! I ain't bullsh** on Front Street no more,
thanks to the Wake Up Crew's Ebonics language lesson.
Available in a hood near you!
Thank you very much for listening and we'll see you next week.
Thank you very much, boys and girls, for tuning in tonight and listening to us.
We do appreciate it.
We're now going to go back to our Bamani Music and More program featuring all your DDR, 2DX,
and Dance Mania favorites.
Again, thanks Bunches and Bunches for listening, and we hope to see you guys back here next
week for more Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't forget about our podcast, too.
It's very cool.
