You're the best girl, you can't just say it
I'm so proud of you, how's that?
Don't be shy, you're my friend
We're the catfish, get the picture
Hey boy, give me some Islamic, what's up?
Make it day, oh, make it day, oh
Hey mom, give me some space, come back
Make it day, I'll, make it day
I like it, you like it
She likes it, she likes it
We like it, they like it
My dum, my dum, don't in the life
I love it, you love it, he loves it, she loves it, we love it, they love it
So what's that say?
That you don't know what you're resisting
So it's time for me to go
So I'm going to make you feel good
Oh my, Mr. DJ, what you dream of?
We don't need to play, let it be, baby
No, no, no, no, no
I've got to go now
Yeah, that's what's poppin' right now, baby
That's what's goin' jam
Just go, go, attack
We're gonna roll off the
Just go, go, attack
We're gonna roll off the
Just go, go, attack
Darboo, you gotta know the situation
And the ladies
The following live program is a special presentation of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI South format.
Orange Lounge may contain adult content.
Orange Lounge may contain many four-letter words.
Orange Lounge may contain a scene of nudity.
Orange Lounge may contain plenty of m-m-m-m-mucocky.
Just kidding.
Orange Lounge Radio will not contain any of that.
In this episode.
Well, isn't that special?
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a fully interactive program
via our website at www.orangelaungeradio.com and now here are your hosts for Orange Lounge
Radio Live, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki. We are live! This is episode number 130 for
are live this is episode number 130 for this February the 6th 2005 you're tuned
into the B money scenes most apathetic when it comes to football anyway radio
station of all things be money my name is Rob Roberts view my nomia sky joining
me as always are my awesome co-hosts in this corner the happiest bunny on the
Farm, Miss Jamie Summers, AKA Dark Sackler.
You know that's coming out on DVD this Tuesday.
If anybody is out there maybe thinking that goddamn Jamie's beating that joke in the ground.
She's just, you know, trying to help those folks out, sell some DVDs.
Because hearing that sound 20 times a show, doesn't that make you want to buy the movie?
it
also joining us a hello to tech massa loki
uh... your knee deep in silence right now is that uh... and i'm knee deep in
not turning the mic on there you go
what did you say before that you're needy i'm such a dumb about
uh...
to my best
uh... hilarious that those you there with the last week
you need even hot new
i finished the monitor though
for what nobody doesn't talk about i finished the monitor the monitor for
the people in the building okay
because they melted a monitor instead of case
okay we have to show this on the webcam i will
because very dorky
is that our listeners love that dorky stuff
i gotta find the cut the m uh... strap up for this
have a handle
around here somewhere
all right also joining us tonight say hello to our special guest
sales you do your angel
hi i have
chicken and
yeah my family
five minutes in the morning
my stomach is still full from yesterday oh my god about another time about that
a little bit
you had
and it was
i had i had
stuff upon stuff
covered in stuff and then flavored with extra stuff. It was beautiful.
It was much stuff. Extreme. No, wait, that was bad.
Max Stuff. Oh, hi. Say hello also to
special guest, Bug. Hi. How you doing?
I'm doing good. I like saying your name, Bug.
It's my birthday, so that was a fun day. I think, what? We're having a hard time hearing you, so
it's Dad's birthday. Oh, oh. It's not my dad.
No, no, no, my dad. It was Rib's day of death.
Well that's good.
I too am full of meaty goodness.
Alright, we'll have to talk about fun days.
We'll have to talk about Bamani news, all that stuff going on right now in the Bamani world.
But first we're going to do a break, and tonight you guys, 2DX Red, the soundtrack, it came out this week.
And I'll tell you what, you take another list of some of these songs when it's on the actual soundtrack
And they've kind of the levels of some instruments are up a little and down
It's all cleaner and it's nice and crisp and clear when you listen to this on the soundtrack a lot of these songs are just
Awesome, so we're going to be playing some stuff from the official soundtrack tonight. We're going to start it off with a song called
Injection of love I love this song this is this is the one that has the f-word in it so listen for it
we played this either last week or the week before but listen to the soundtrack version and
some more 2dx
red music tonight and we'll be back
injection of love also makes it sound like- I know injection of love makes it sound like fucking
to begin with doesn't it? It makes it sound like it's full of meaty goodness as well. You lie down on that bed I'm going to inject you with love!
are you ready to get injected
with love? Ejected or injected?
that about says it
Yep, it's definitely time for Orange Lounge Radio. We'll be back after this.
No, no, no
I'm not that bad
At least I love you, please
Every little thing I want
Oh, every little thing
I want to see
Come to me
Catch me
Kiss you then
Baby, you're so cool
Help me
You
This is the end!
Oh say can you see,
What so proudly we hailed
at the twilight's last gleaming.
What so proudly we hailed
Therefore, veggie
And joy is our own
The
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, hope you enjoyed some of that 2Dx Red goodness.
Some great songs in there.
That last song you guys heard was actually, I think it was one of the songs that you actually,
it was like an unlock or release later song, 2Dx Red, I could be wrong on that, but I know
that song didn't come out until after a lot of the others, Ryu, with an, it's, forgive
me if I pronounce this wrong, it's just a-gee-ha, or something like that, A-G-E-H-A, a-gee-ha.
A-gee-ha.
I think so.
that the song sphere from 2d x11 pretty cool song evo 66 which by the way is by
the same group that did North from 2d x4 style you guys remember that song it was
like very I don't know like like Renaissance fair rave type song I really
don't know how to explain that song well let me play a little bit of North okay
Okay, here's a little, like, clip of North from 2DX4 style.
Kinda, like, happy, like, fluid or something, and then they go from that to this.
this is a little more Rave-ish, I don't know. I don't know, how do you get from point A
to point B? I have no idea. All right. And then starting that set off, Injection of Love,
the song where she says, Fook me. What the Fook is going on over there, you guys? What
are you guys? No, we're just Fooking around. Oh, okay. What are you Fooking doing? What
the fuck is that? Just showing a picture. Oh. Oh, okay. That's a pretty fucking good
picture. Alright, anyway. Let the joke die! Alright. Ah, we're gonna start off tonight
showing us what we do every week, playing a little bit of How Was Your Week, How Was
Your Day, your chance to catch up with us and what we've been doing. It's better than
LiveJournal, really. Jamie, how was your week, how was your day? Um, my week was pretty okay.
It was, work was great.
I love my job now.
You know, I made a comment to my boss that I had no job stress.
He was like, what was this business where I was like, no, there's a difference between
having a lot of work to do and having emotional stress, and I don't have any of that at my
job now.
So it's been really great.
I can go to work happy.
I can leave happy.
I can be happy all day at work.
How many people can say that?
When I got my last promotion, I felt the exact same way.
I went from feeling useless to feeling good about what I did.
I literally felt useless in my old position.
In my old position I had the evil VP who I hoped dies.
I liked everybody I worked with.
I don't think I've really worked with any bad people unless they were people who weren't
there very long.
I enjoy my entire team.
I've had the fortune of working with good people, but that doesn't always mean that
I was doing the best kind of work, you know what I mean?
My work is really easy, it's all spreadsheets and computer stuff that I don't have to really...
I can listen to my music, as long as I can listen to my music and do my work, I'm a happy
bunny.
And what do you do?
You listen to a fan of the opera while you work?
Dude, I was.
And one of my co-workers came up and goes, oh my god, this is awesome, so which track
are you on?
She tried to figure out what track I was listening to by the playlist.
I want to know, is it timed so that when you walk in the door, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo,
doo, doo.
When I'm driving, yes.
That's how I wake up in the morning is by putting in my Phantom of the Opera soundtrack.
That should be somebody's alarm in the morning.
Like, can you imagine you're resting all peacefully and then the sun's coming up and then your CD player kicks in
and it's at max volume?
Doooooo! Do do do do doooooo!
That would be awesome. I should do that again one day.
You just have to be very funny chandeliers.
Yeah, it's so loud the chandelier falls. Ha ha ha. Anyway.
And in our case it would be the halogen lamp falls over.
Um, it turns out it was the cat after all. She's, you know, the cat.
Your cat's playing?
The cat's the bantam.
How do you tune your cats?
Kick her.
I don't know. She wakes, I swear I wake up to the cat in the face.
Meow.
Mom, feed me.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
Meow.
on your face this week? She's been sleeping under the covers. Okay, that's good, because
I remember last week, Shermie had slipped on your face the night before. You were kind
of out of it last week. I was on lots of drugs. Yeah. Lots of drugs. I mean, if I had had
pussy in my face all night long, I'd probably be... You'd need drugs. I'd need a lot of
drugs, honey. Well, anyway, um, we had Guitar Freaks hooked up, so we've been playing Guitar
Freaks all week. Oh yeah? Um, I finally... Are you pissed off that they never released
any new ones on PlayStation? Dan is, but we're looking for the second I pen now. Okay. But
I finally, finally passed Liar Liar all the way through. Yay. I'm not really all that
great at Guitar Freaks. But I can pass Carnival Day like it's a, you know, nothing. That was
one of the bonus tracks from Fifth. Why, why will they not put Guitar Freaks 5, it's Guitar
Freaks 5 isn't out for home, right? Yeah, it is. I thought Guitar Freaks 4... It's the
one that was Guitadora. Guitar Freaks 5, Germania 4. I thought that they stopped with 4.3. I
think it's 4.3 is where they stopped. Okay, no, you're right. It's 3 seconds and then
4.3. 4.3. And then 5.4 is the one they really need to do. Like, all of my favorite Guitar
Freak songs were on 5th. And then 6. And there's, you know, there's good ones as the series
It depends on you though on the 4th, 3rd, and Liar Liar and Dynamite.
I'm not saying there's bad songs, but I'm just saying all the songs I want to play,
what would make me get a guitar, little controller and all that stuff, cause I would never get
a drum set at home type thing, it's just, I just, I really suck at Drummania and it's
not that game I want to get better at.
Good for you, but not for me.
I got it pretty cheap too.
guitar freaks is kind of fun I like out I love what I love about guitar freaks
is the cheesy side of me I love how you get bonus points for when you do the
whale like you know lift the guitar up like you're a rock star okay I'm lame
whatever I shoot myself in the head like a rock star but no what else mainly you
know in a did school doing a project for my art class it's supposed to be my
midterm so we're starting it now because we're not gonna have a test we're just
going to do a project. And I have to take, I told you about this earlier, but you take
a picture from a magazine, you have to redo it as a pencil contour drawing, and then redo
it as a ink contour, then do an ink wash version of the picture, ContiCrayon, oil pastel, water
color, there's another one that I'm forgetting, charcoal, which I hate charcoal, and another
version. The same painting over and over. Yeah. And so far I'm almost done with my charcoal
one. My Conti-Cran one's almost done. That leaves me the ink wash, oil pastel, watercolor,
and then the random one. You basically reinvent the picture. I am a horrible, horrible artist.
I will never take an art class. It's the one thing I was not meant to do ever in my life
was taken our class. Sorry. I'm helping with the other thing that I brought today. The
other thing that my house has been taken up with has been Dracula X on the TurboDuo. And
I have, for later on today, brought that. Okay, we'll talk about that later. Been doing
lots of retro gaming in the house. We've been playing Tengen Tetris. Why? It sucked. No,
I didn't like it. I did I did not get the big deal with Tang and Tetris. I mean sure it has cooperative place
Okay, I'll give you that it does have the multi the better multiplayer
But the music was better in the Nintendo and the graphics were better and it was cutesier. It was it was Nintendo five
Tang and Tetris had cooperative play which makes it all worth it, but Tang and Tetris outside of that was really ghetto
It looked like Commodore 64 Tetris. No, worse. It looked like Atari 800 Tetris.
Well, it was made by Atari. Yeah, and it looked like they took a direct
port from the Atari 800. I mean, it's still cool because it's like,
ooh, the game that was like banned in a court of law, you know, type thing.
They can't make this game anymore. For that reason, it's cool, but still, it's
not the best Tetris game, in my opinion. The one on Game Boy was really the greatest
I'm one of the shining stars of my collection.
Understandable. What about your cartridge of Custer's Revenge?
We don't have a cartridge of Custer's Revenge. You need one.
We've got a ROM of it. Actually, I take that back. We have a ROM chip of it.
Almost, okay, the ROM chip is cool, but as far as the ROM
on the computer goes, almost everybody that's ever emulated Atari 2600
on their PC, the first thing they go and download is Custer's Revenge.
And X-Man.
Custer's Revenge, X-Man, and Adventure.
Or E.T.
E.T. is horrible, I actually own E.T.
Because people usually remember Adventure and E.T. for two very different reasons.
E.T. is the worst game ever.
And Adventure probably for most people the best game ever that they played.
Or Yars' Revenge.
Pac-Man was the second worst game ever.
Isn't that interesting that Yars' Revenge and E.T. had a lot of the same staff?
And one's the worst game ever, and one's the best game ever?
Um, I went to the panel that they did at Classic Gaming Expo.
Oh, I should have gone to that.
A lot of those guys.
Was that this year, or was that last year?
Battlezone, that was this past year.
Was it?
Battlezone, and um, quite a number of other games.
Defender.
That was pretty cool.
But um, yesterday I hung out with Iguana Girl.
We went shopping.
Had dinner.
I burned a bunch, I mean, made pictures of a bunch of DVDs on the night.
I thought she was going to say she burned a bunch of forest or something.
I burned a bunch of people.
And played more of the Final Fantasy game.
Well, you at the mall, I can imagine you wanted to burn down some people.
Did you walk by any girls that were all shopping together?
Oh my god, oh my god, you're going to look so cute in that. Oh my god.
The mall was busy like Christmas busy. It was insane.
It was everyone teaming up for the Super Bowl.
Damn! More of the S-word! The Stupid Bowl!
Here's what it is. Since the Stupid Bowl was going on today,
and all the women knew they'd have to be in the kitchen today, they went to the mall yesterday.
Okay, you know what? This is, you know, the zeroes.
I'm just kidding.
People better get some liberation going on.
nachos get their own damn beer I'm just kidding with you I like getting y'all
riled up I like that I like burning a fire on you what what what what what are
you done are you done are you done what hey you
You weren't high.
You are high.
Anything else?
I'm high on that.
Anything else?
No.
Let's keep the show going, people.
Oh, other than stupid cookie woman, but I'm bringing that up during the FUs.
Stupid cookie woman.
Reading about the stupid cookie woman.
All right, I'll have to hear about this later.
No, it's about the two girls who baked all the cookies for her neighborhood and then
the one woman sued them.
Huh.
I will be discussing that later.
we talk about the stupid Bowl for a minute sure I hate it but go ahead I
well I'm just I'm surprised we have this many people listening tonight with that
whole thing going on but what is your grudge against the stupid Bowl Jamie it's
like a bastardized version of rugby at least rugby has men getting bloody
wearing shorts big advantages there real football soccer and on top of that it's
just another excuse for millions and millions of Americans to sit on their
lazy asses drink beer and scream obscenities at their TV that's a
different than the other Sunday night yeah I was gonna say instead we
encourage you to we are encouraging our listeners to sit home drink juice and
and uh... sit and listen to obscenities be screamed at them
you know if i was one screaming the obscenities at them that would be
worthwhile
what's stopping you
i need a really big megaphone
you're not even into the uh... commercials at all
no cause they're stupid
and uh...
the halftime show the wardrobe malfunctions no
no this year was Paul McCartney
I would have watched that.
Yeah, if he had a wardrobe malfunction, I'm sure there would have been coverage.
I'm sure his wife would have been.
Can you imagine Paul McCartney like having a wardrobe malfunction where like a ball falls out or something?
That's disgusting!
I seriously doubt it.
I would petition the FCC myself.
I bet you Saturday Live is going to get him next time and he's going to have a wardrobe malfunction like Janet where his shirt rips off or something.
That's disgusting.
shirt ripped off? What? Uh-oh. You broke something, you fixed it.
My previous... Well, are you done? Are you done?
I guess so! Well, are you done?
I guess so. Fine. I guess I'll go then.
You're done since you said you're done. I just said I guess so, I didn't say I was
done. See, this is my pet peeve about women. They
They don't fucking come out and say yes or no. They always have to go, maybe.
Fine! I'm done!
Speak!
Anyways, I just fixed the monitor because it wasn't working.
And my previous assumption of there's two sets of cords going
to the screen, and I thought one of them was for the standard
composite input. You have to set up your story because you can't
I can't assume that every-
I was getting there, okay?
Alright, alright.
Anyway.
It worked exactly like I thought.
So when I unplugged something, it worked perfectly.
So, now the monitor works and I'm happy.
But because I tried cutting something off of the Dremel tool, I accidentally grinded something out.
So anyways, the monitor thing, this is for that computer that I'm building that's inside of an Xbox.
The monitor itself is a old PlayStation 1 monitor, LCD thing, that's like 5 inch, and right now we have the TurboDuo on there, so...
Are we gonna be able to play Final Fantasy XI on it?
Um, you know, to be honest, I could do that, but not on that computer. You're not gonna be able to play Final Fantasy XI on that computer.
No!
That computer is way too weak.
You can play Final Fantasy on the emulator, Final Fantasy 3, or 6.
Hurray.
You can play Fantasy Star Online.
I don't even know if the computer is powerful enough to handle that. Probably not.
It's only like, what, 1 gigahertz? So.
I'll be lucky if I can play Leisure Suit Larry on it.
Oh, you can play the original one. That's nothing.
Yeah, so that's what I've been working on for the last few days
The rest of the week was me being sick and
Just playing a lot of Final Fantasy we went to the buffet yesterday and that was fun because I hadn't been there and
What else oh
That's pretty much it just people quitting at my work now
that's funny because they're going to be screwed and I don't care and yeah it's
just that kind of thing that's all that happened to me all righty let's hear
from DDR angel how was your week how's your day not much just a lot of school
and homework and you know the usual stuff working and running into creepy
guys it fries on Tuesday nights yes running into you know actually it was
It was kind of funny, I went over to Fry's on Tuesday and aside from watching 23rd Magus play DDR, again, because he always has to stop there for some reason just to show off or whatever.
Okay, not really show off, just play.
So, I was looking for a new speaker set and just some other stuff that I needed and I ran into BUGS! And that was fun.
Yes, and I recovered perfectly fine, thank you.
What did I do? I did nothing!
Yeah, you said you ran into me.
Yes, I did. No, no, no, no, no.
That would be 23rd Magus running into you.
Puppy porn? What?
I don't want to know, okay, um...
It's the puppy bowl!
...sidebar conversation edit now. Okay.
Puppies don't have bowls?
Um, not much other than that.
I really wish that I could play, uh, Pwner Finishing Alert this week, but, um...
Homework kind of got into the way, uh, into the way and all that stuff.
So, this week hopefully I will get things done, um...
probably tonight or tomorrow and then I can play with everyone yay and that'd be
it be gentle when you play with all of us
how was your week how was your day I ran into this creepy person at fries on
Tuesday night I'm not creepy I'm angelic I wasn't talking about you he's creepy
He gave me this weird eye, like damn I know you. I gave him the weird eye, like I do know you.
Well, I would call it something, but then... yeah. Never mind.
I'll just call it the eyebrow.
Anyway, other than that, how was your week in the day?
I ended up in San Jose yesterday for a birthday party. Lots of video games and other various games.
Yes, how did that go?
that went pretty well. Mm-hmm. And got back at like 2 a.m. beat my brother home.
It was working. Uh-huh. He kind of, he was kind of surprised to see his big brother
sitting at the computer in the kitchen when he walked in at 3 a.m. Can't blame
him. I'd be surprised too if somebody was sitting at the computer in my kitchen at
3 a.m. And, let's see. Picked up two video games today. The toy locator store over at the
outlets had buy one get one fifty percent off so I got
Civ III and Douglas Adams Titanic
two games I've really wanted to play for a long time
now I can actually afford them. I'm curious about Civ III like I haven't
really played it
Oh well, if you want to give it a test drive. Yeah, I might have to try that out
I heard that Civ III was
a little more like Civ I than Civ II was because Civ II was too much for me
like I, oh my god, like it's too complicated. Sim 1's bad enough, but Sim 2 is like, oh
my god! But somebody told me that Sim 3 is a little, a little easier, but I hope that's
true. Nothing beats Populous though. Populous was cool because you could drown people by
just taking away all the land. If you guys have never played Populous, check it out sometime,
seriously. But it was out for what, SNES? Yeah, it was out on Super, I owned it on Super
Nintendo, okay? I thought we had it for the computer as well. Yeah, it was out on the
the computer as well. It was really a computer game too. It was one of those games that some
genius decided they were going to port from PC to Super Nintendo. Although the game really,
really was not designed to be played on the console. But you tried anyway. And that's
how it was on Super Nintendo. The game was awesome. Drowning your own people are the
best. My week's been pretty damn boring. And Tuesday is going to be a very interesting
day with the funeral. A lot of people from the past life have come out of the woodwork.
That's tomorrow? Tuesday. Tuesday. I, well, yeah. Your work. I'll talk to you, well, yeah,
there's that and, you know, I just, I don't like funerals. I really, really don't, so,
But other than that, nope, which is pretty standard.
Alright, fair enough.
My week and my day, I guess it's my turn.
Okay, I want to expand on the buffet thing.
We went to Thunder Valley Casino, which is this little Indian casino.
Well, it's not really little.
It's this big Indian casino that is somewhere between here, where we are in Sacramento,
and Reno, which is where all the gambling used to happen.
But now that they have this new Indian casino, that's where everybody in this area goes to gamble,
Reno is practically going bankrupt because of it but I went there and they
have this huge buffet it's so good and I swear that the buffet at a place like
that is the only place where you could just get like like Loki brought back a
dish from the buffet he had egg flour soup and two two pieces of corn from the
buffet and I'm just like only only at a buffet like I brought back one plate
that had like this really good tortellini on it, and coconut shrimp. And I think my
buddy Christopher put it best, the coconut shrimp tasted like a Krispy Kreme donut. It
was so good. And I love coconut shrimp, I had so much coconut yesterday, I had that,
and I had a coconut cream pie. Sorry, am I making you guys hungry? I'm sorry. I ate so
much, I was so full. And then I lost $75 in the casino. Go me, I rock. And, Loki, how
How long would you say it took me to lose $75?
About ten minutes.
About ten minutes.
Cause I play quarters and dollars.
I don't stick around for that nickel stuff.
That ain't gambling.
That's just...
That's how you don't lose $75.
Cause a buck gets you twenty plays.
Oh, for a nickel, well, see, no, no, no.
Because on nickel machines, this actually, you know what?
can relate this to Bimani because a lot of those nickel machines are built by
Konami. You may not know this but Konami actually has a lot of these machines as
well and the deal with is that a lot of the nickel machines that are out there
are actually video slot machines and the way they're built they have five reels
and when you put that you can play them nine different ways it's like you could
play it straight across you could play it diagonally bouncing around this way
and that way and like making little mountains and valleys it's crazy all the
different line patterns that you can have when you play on a nickel slot
machine so if you want to play all nine ways on the nickel slot you're really
spending 50 cents a pull but that's crap because that stuff is programmed only
spit out so I hate playing nickel slots to be honest there's actually more than
five arrows so it's better than pump up
Did you say you wanted me back for my witty remarks?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Man, look what you got yourself into.
I'm starting to reconsider that thought.
What's up with my bass?
And then, what else was there?
There was the buffet yesterday and I was going to talk about something else I can't remember.
I guess I had a pretty good week otherwise.
Pretty mellow.
I didn't do a lot.
I was sick Wednesday.
I didn't go to work.
And so, you know, that's kind of a bummer.
Don't drink on weeknights, kids.
This is something I learned. Don't drink on a weeknight.
Yeah, don't overdrink on a weeknight. Don't do it without a plan.
Don't take seven shots of straight up rum on a weeknight within the scope of an
hour.
You know, that wouldn't stop me.
Don't do that at any time.
Seriously, if I ever do that again, I'm checking myself into AA or something
and I'm not into those 12-step programs. I'm a one-step program kind of person. I'm no
more drinking on weeknights period. Step one, remove cap. Step two, take shot glass. That's
your 12-step program. Pour liquor. Step four, drink. Step five, fuck the other steps. I
have a two-step program, over the tracks, brewery. You live right near him? Yes. For
For those that don't know, you live near a brewery.
I don't even know that I live near a brewery.
How the hell am I going to tell anyone else?
I've got to come out there sometime. It's just weeknight, drive...
Drive with someone.
I know, I will. Someday.
Take the train.
Someday.
I guess that's it for now. If I think there's something else exciting, I'll tell you guys about it later.
But gambling was a highlight of my weekend. What?
No.
I didn't. I was antisocial this weekend. I was very antisocial this weekend.
That's kind of the theme of my whole week, was antisocialness. That's alright.
Alright, you guys are sick of hearing about us, I'm sure. We're going to come back, we're going to take a break, we're going to come back and we're going to talk about some Bomani news going on out there right now.
We've got some news on 2DX Nightstyle going on, and we've got some news on UltraMix 2, kind of, sorta.
Even though the game's already out, we have some more news on Ultramix 2 that's all been developing throughout today, in fact.
No Song Pack 8 yet, and all sorts of other stuff that we can come up with.
Plus, Jamie has something she wants to share with you guys, too.
I'm not really sure how we're going to do this on air, how this is going to translate to radio, but you seem to have something already planned, Jamie, for our listeners.
Webcam.
And it's a follow-up to last week, right?
Yeah, it's a follow-up to last week.
last week. I'm glad you brought up the webcam. www.orangelaungeradio.com and you can see
our webcam. Also, don't forget to join our chat room while you're there and we are a
fully interactive program. Check out the Skype line while you're there as well. Click on
interact with us to find out more information about that. We will open up the Skype line
a little later in the show for you guys so you can interact with us. Indeed. Also, when
we get back from this break, announcement. Big, huge Orange Launch Radio announcement
though could change the future of everything as we know it
will be back after this
yes somebody's going to be fired for doing something about alright
uh... more two d x red music in this break starting off with a little bit of
of Akira Yamaoka. Thank you very much. We'll be back.
It's been long since we've been together
Even though we've been together
We've been together since we've been together
Come on
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
We
are back here on Orange Lounge Radio.
you enjoyed that break of some 2DX Red music. Now that the OST is out, you can really take
a second look at a lot of those songs. It really just shows you how much the quality
of an MP3 or quality of a rip can really affect the way you perceive a song. For instance,
what would be a song? Well, I would say EVO66 was one of those songs. We played that one
a little bit earlier in the show. That was one of those songs that I just, when I heard
the soundboard rip, or the one from the game, I was just kind of like, oh, this sounds okay.
But then, like, when I was listening to the soundtrack on, I was like, oh, this is kind
of groovy. Like, it really, you know, it kind of thumps a lot more. I guess because you
get more of the bass and the fullness of the sound. Like, this is a really, like, thumping
song. And considering I live too far away from any 2DX Red machines, so I haven't really
gotten to play the actual machine, this is the only way I kind of get to live 2DX Red.
Where are they around here?
I don't know. Pause it for a minute. Stop for a minute. Okay, because you just played
the Soundtrack 1 side-by-side. Okay, it probably is not going to translate well, though, over
our stream, because our stream is for dial-up radio, so I don't think you're going to get
the same quality there, because you're probably like, that sounds the same to me. Probably
does. But here's the thing, is that, for those of us in studio, we can hear it a little more.
You really can hear a lot more of the stereo effects, I think, and just kind of like the
fullness of the instruments. I don't know, it makes a big difference to me. It's huge.
It's like the difference, it's like when somebody rips an MP3 at 112 and 192.
Sure, it sounds just fine at 112, you can understand everything perfectly,
but at 192 it's like, oh my god.
It sounds just like the CD.
Anyway.
Um, let's see, what else was I gonna bring up here?
Uh, big news for Orange Lounge Radio.
I don't wanna spill too much, however sometime before the end of the month,
We're officially going to be making some big changes to the station.
Big changes.
Yeah, we're firing Loki.
He's just too angry. No, of course we're not firing Loki.
We're cloning Rob.
Something will be leaving the station, however.
Something's leaving. Something's coming.
Instead, it's going to be interesting.
Maybe you're cocky?
I don't want to say too much more, but we're going to freshen up Orange Lounge a little bit.
just said that Orange Lawn is getting too stale. We're gonna freshen things up around
here a little bit. So the... FDS? We don't have an official... Yeah, we're gonna spray
some FDS on our station. Cause it needs it. But we'll announce an official date soon.
So stay tuned to our website, orangelawnjr.com for more details. We can just go ahead and
tell them that we were finally bought out by Sirius Broadcasting and our... Actually
The Comcast bought us, and starting next week we're going to be called G4 Orange Lounge
Radio.
G4 Orange Lounge.
Yeah, yeah, we're G4 Orange Lounge.
And then in three weeks, they'll just be G4 again.
With all the original content removed.
Yeah, except all of us will have been fired and like, you know, maybe the F.U.'s segment
is still intact.
That'll be the one thing they keep.
And all of us will be replaced by busty Asian chicks and American Idol rejects, and that'll be it. We'll be a great radio station to look at.
Dude, what else could we bash about G4?
Dude, you know what? I would be on the Busty Asian Chick show because I can appreciate their talents.
Are you a Busty Asian Chick?
Who knows, guys? I said something new's coming to Orange Lounge Radio this month. Maybe the Busty Asian Chick show. We'll see.
Hey, Loki needs a spin-off show.
You should put an ad in the paper, try to get some busty Asian chicks over here once a week, and just talk.
So, how are they doing today?
Good, good. That's right, bounce a little bit.
hmm yeah
today we're gonna play some DDR
yeah it'll be great radio, Loki, it'll be excellent radio
just so I can point out
I know the folks at home can't see her naked light riding around on the
DDR pad but I can guarantee that she's doing it
yeah
go for that triple A
slower
slower
this is why radio porn never took off
yet yet radio on the fire radio on the phone sex on the phone is still do you
know interactive
by direction
where an interactive program
yes skype sex
program
all right move right along
time out some stuff going on in the money world uh...
i was going to point this out
There's an interesting thread going on over on DDRFreak right now, and it has to do with Ultramix 2.
And, uh, one of the moderators over there, Cutris, noticed that there was a lot of stuff going on with the website.
That there was a pattern to the way all these images, the images, the song images, were put on the site.
So, I'm not sure what inspired him to do it, but he wrote a Perl script that will check
for the existence of every possible song banner, because basically every song banner on the
site is four letters, underscore, T-H. So he wrote this script that will scan everything
on the site and put in all these different combinations of letters. And he noticed that
if you put in CRZY underscore th it actually pulls up a banner and it's not
this is on the Konami of Hawaii site it's actually a banner that says crazy
and love by Beyonce and it's got its own cute little artsy pattern so what the
hell's the song banner doing on Konami of Hawaii site don't know nobody's
I guess like White and Apple have a PowerBook G5 link.
Are you guys still on IRC?
No, there was a big split.
Oh, I got kicked from chat completely, so I'll try to get back in.
Could it be that they were songs that were supposed to be there and now they're not there anymore?
Don't know, but they're on the site.
That's not the only one, there's more songs.
Including Boom Boom Dollar, the KOG G3 mix by King Kong D Jungle Girls.
You know, that was the one in third mix, the speed one.
Hold On Me. That was the Para Para song that was in DDR Extreme.
I love that song. And then there's also a song banner that was found
In My Dreams by Nomi. That's a licensed song you guys. It's not the same In My
Dreams that was in
Dance Maniacs but it's actually
a commercial song and aren't you lucky I have a little clip of it actually
if I can find it.
I'm looking right now. I know I had it somewhere.
Here's a little clip of that song.
Because some folks even on the thread were asking,
what in the hell is that song?
This is it. This is In My Dreams by Nomi.
So, interesting that Banners exists not just for that song, but for the Crazy in Love Beyonce,
yet neither one appears to have any connection to Ultra Mix 2.
How do you think to do something like that?
I gotta hand it to Cutris.
I mean sure I've heard of scanning directories to see if there's files in there that aren't
linked or something like that. But to figure out that, gee, there's a pattern, maybe there's
songs missing. I guess maybe what he was doing is he was trying to look for the banners for
Song Pack 8, maybe. I'm thinking maybe that was it, and then stumbled across this instead.
I don't know, but hats off to him. Crazy. Anyway. So, more to develop on now. I guess
we will see what happens. Are they going to end up in a song pack? Who knows? Alright.
Moving on. I also want to talk about something that's going on with BeatMania 2DX Night Style
Consumer. That's a big thing that's going on right now. This is interesting is that
Night Style is going to be coming out next month, but there's going to be, get this,
Seven different ways to buy 2DX for Ninth Style.
Seven different packages that Konami Style is putting out.
Ninth Style plus a benefit CD, a Visual Emotions 2 DVD that you can just buy by itself.
Ninth Style plus the CD plus Visual Emotions 2 plus a poster.
That's going to run you about a hundred bucks.
Ninth Style plus a benefit CD plus V-Rare 10 plus poster.
And then, just all these combinations. There's Visual Emotions 2, Poster, V-Rare 10, and then all these goodies.
My gosh, there's a gazillion different ways you can buy this. It almost sounds like something Nintendo would do.
And there's the one at the bottom there, Night Style, Benefit CD, V-Rare 10, member of B4U, and a poster.
And that's gonna run you about 200.
Yes, you can actually buy yourself, buy yourself a member of B4U.
That's lovely.
Is it torture?
It sounds like something that, yes, there's a keychain.
Translation that was posted to the live journal community, BM underscore 2DX, this is very
nice.
B-Mania 2DX it seems in order to put out, it is the portable strap which finishes the
The whole, remember this is English here, with the metal material and the good set which
designs the various designs of 2DX as the sticker.
The metal portable strap, the mark of 2DX stamped in the metal plate.
In addition, the yearning AAA mark of the user is stamped on plate back.
So in other words, they're going to have this kind of AAA keychain it sounds like.
Some of the songs that are going to be on Visual Emotions 2, some of the videos that
going to be on it. Doll, Lucy, Space Fight, Quasar, so a lot of the newer songs. But then
it kind of goes back to some of the old ones, too. Summer Vacation, 2DX, the song from,
what, Fifth Style, Burn in the Floor, Leading Cyber. Doesn't this sound like something Nintendo
would do, repackaging the same thing seven different ways? It's like, you should buy
seven Game Boy Advances so you can have them all in different colors. Wouldn't that be
be fabulous? How many iMac colors are there? Yeah, exactly. It's like an iMac. Uh, Jamie,
you're gonna get nice style, right? I'm debating. Are you gonna go for one of these frilly combinations
if you do it? I'm debating. Probably just gonna get the game. Maybe it'll be rare. Are
you gonna do the one where you can buy a member of B4U? No, that's okay. Not unless I get
to, you know, abuse and, you know, maybe draw on her with a Sharpie or something. Beautiful.
How about you, Loki? Any interest in this stuff at all? You're not a big 2DX fan, though, huh?
No, I'm not really a huge fan of 2DX. I don't really even play 2DX, so...
No, I'm not excited about this at all. The only thing I'd be excited about is, like, V-R 10. Maybe that's about it, though.
Everything else is just old to me. You know, like, I don't really care about the Visual Emotion CD or whatever that is.
The benefit CD might be cool, because I think it might be the live performance or whatever they did, you know how they do those invitation only concerts and crap. I think that's probably what it is, the second one of those.
Yeah, it'd be rare. Just like the audio CDs that are coming with that. And of course, the consumer tracks that will be on 2DX9, so that'll be cool.
Um, this is interesting, um, this just in, and it goes back to the topic we were talking
about previously, literally, just in, Elmo posted this in chat, it says, use the letters
SCAN, and that whole Konami of Hawaii site thing with the hidden banners, if you use
SCAN, S-C-A-N, as the letters, Mystique, Scandalous, that's the song I've heard of the club a few
times that's definitely a big license song I know that song so very
interesting all hidden away on Konami of Hawaii's site for some reason who knows
and of course Jason in our chat room our resident one of our many internet geeks
we have to listen to this show is kind of is talking about what you found the
banner for randomly typing in letters I did AAA and I found a well we all know
that A's in the game I know but I mean I was just randomly typing in letters yeah
Yeah, yeah. It works. But he says that if you think about it, every DDR version, you
remember the master song list? Loki's talked about this on the show before in the past.
If you haven't listened to the show in a while, you probably never heard this. But basically
the every DDR song has this four letter code and some kind of master list of songs that's
out there. And is there a connection between that list and the fact that the way these
files were named, the songs happened to have a four letter link to them. So, maybe they
were kind of, who knows, linking that all together. Very interesting. Very, very, very
interesting. Oh my gosh, look at this. I don't, what are they doing? Somebody must be running
it right now. El Mollet just said, use the letters P-A-R-T and you get this song. Pink,
get the party started you guys know pink right yeah yeah wasn't that a pump song
too yeah there's a pump song weird weird stuff
you're ready here first for some reason pink Beyonce mystique they're all
lurking on Konami of Hawaii site is there a big song pack planned for the
future? Who knows? Who knows? Interesting. Let's see where to go to now. I think we'll
take a break. And when we come back from this break, we're going to do the cage match. How's
that sound to you guys? Actually, what we'll do is we'll also open up the Skype line when
we come back. I bet some of you guys might want to comment on either the situation with
the song banners or possibly 2DX night style consumer news. I know some of you folks out
there were really wanting to comment on some of the stuff going on there with that. So
we will certainly open up the skype line for you guys. We're going to start off this break
with a little song from 2DX Red called Gigadelic. Gigadelic? Like a gigabyte? Gigadelic. We'll
We'll be back after this.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Je me sauvignon d'être un proure
C'est un sérémer, je m'appelle pas en c'est, c'est
Je vous pouvez pas quelqu'il fois
Quelqu'il fois, quelqu'il fois
Je vous pouvez pas quelqu'il fois
You
When the time is coming for the show
When the time is coming for the show
The time is coming for the show
We got so excited
I remember last time
When I
Got crazy
Looking over the crowd
I could see them having fun
When the music and the car
Met together on the floor
When they'll take shining cards off your tree
Show me the way for a loving, amazing
House and two dogs, what's all this love for you?
Don't you know the crowd?
I can see them having fun
When the music and the cards match together and look up
Where they'll take shining cards off your plate
Show me the way for loving
And making cards until you're
I promise I'm for you
We are back here on Orange Lounge Radio, and you should see our chat room, they're going
crazy trying to come up with all these four-letter combinations now to try and figure out what
else they can find on the site. Even though, apparently there's a script that's running,
I think it was running for a while and then it stopped. Cutress made a post about he had
to stop it, and he's thinking about starting it again. That's not stopping people in our
chat room from going and trying to figure out all the four-letter combinations. Now
somebody's trying to dig up a master list so they can go through all the four letters.
I wouldn't know anything about that. God damn, you people got time on your hands.
It's beautiful. It's crazy how obsessed people are with DDR. Maybe not necessarily obsessed
with DDR, but just obsessed. Pointing the finger. Yeah, finding, solving the mystery.
There's a little bit of a thrill of it, I think. It's kind of neat. Matt? Or Loki? I
I was going to say that there were a few four-letter codes I think I had posted on our site a long-ass time ago, but if you look in the news archives, you probably could find it.
So, anyways.
Very interesting.
Yeah, I think if you do a news archive search, there is a master list somewhere.
Huh.
They were numeric.
Yeah. Hmm.
And they didn't work.
And what, the...
The numeric codes don't work.
oh they don't interesting I tried about six or seven of them well they're gonna
there some folks are are going in the crazy and trying to find something out
good luck you guys and if you find out more tell us so we can spoil the news on
air for everybody what news it is we don't know just you know hey this song
banner sitting here in a directory not being used for anything probably don't
mean shit, but boy, isn't it funny what Konami keeps on their site? I wonder what other kind
of goodies Konami has on their site. Maybe they've got like top secret documents and
stuff all hidden on their website, who knows. Anyway, we're going to open up the Skype line
for those of you guys who want to give us a call. Just go to www.orangelandradio.com,
click on interact with us, and you can read all about how you, yes you the listener, can
call us. We're ghetto, you see, and we can't afford an 800 number really, so we have you
call us using this fancy little internet program so do that and call us and we'll
take your call live on air and you can interact with us that way so we'll open
up the sky believe it usually takes a little bit for folks to call in because
of the buffer we are getting one call right now though let's go to it hello
you are on orange lounge radio legend of Zaku hello legend of Zaku how are you
Let me see, he's trying to figure out any other banners that I can actually guess from the site.
It's just not a Skype line segment if Zaku doesn't hammer the lines and get in first, man. It's crazy.
It's just luck, man. I just managed to hit it first.
Apparently, yeah. Now there's a bunch of people trying to get in right now, but you got in there first. Lucky you.
Why, is my question, why are you hammering the site trying to find all these different letter combinations?
Think about it. I mean, if you find it, then you'll probably be the first one to know.
You know, and then you'll be tempted to just, you know, spread the news.
And then, you know, if it gets to that point where Konami finds out what we're actually doing, then it might be a problem.
Because we know too much.
What exactly are you finding out? That's the problem. We have no idea what we're finding out.
finding out
we've got to find out banners
i mean they could be part of you know possibly to find out whatever might be
on the next uh... the next song packs it could also just be something fucking
with us it could be somebody fucking with us that could be it completely
somebody's just fucking with ya could be true
i you know cutriss is a i mean
but great guys
but he's a mod on ddr freak what a perfect person to be in cahoots with
konami right yes
although i doubt it the only one who could
After last year's April Fool's joke, though, I wouldn't put it past anybody.
You know what? I'm not going to say anything.
The way Konami has involvement in this, you know, this thing.
So, the only thing I'm saying is, I mean, it's real simple.
We already know that some of the good licenses we've managed to figure out,
and I'm surprised at how far Konami is going, and we don't even know to what extent they are going to.
Yeah, you're right. We don't know.
Oh, the access for, you know, who's trying to, or what files are trying to be loaded and all that stuff?
I mean, no, the fact that we managed to uncover certain licenses that, you know, we thought, you know, Konami would never, you know, imagine getting.
Well, as far as I know, though, the webmaster of the Konami site there reads the DDR Freak thread.
She's going to wake up Monday morning and see this and meow.
Rename the files?
probably the files are going to be gone at some point tomorrow, but what cat? The question
is, if the files are deleted, then we know we found something we weren't supposed to
find. But what? What cat and what bag was just let out? We don't know.
I don't think they have anything on us. They have nothing on us. We just managed to find
it because of dumb luck.
Either way, either way, even if these songs, even if this whole thing was just set up to
fuck with us and these songs never see the light of day, you bet, you bet, yeah seriously,
you bet some jerk over on one of the sim files sites, just kidding, love you guys, there'll
be sim files made out of these songs strictly so that somebody can use these banners.
That's true. I don't know. It depends. I mean, it could go either way. We're just basically taking stabs in the dark right now and we're hitting something.
I think that's a nice way to sum it up.
I mean, Konami... I can only thank Konami for basically trying at least to get some decent licenses
compared to the ones that they did for Europe.
Beyonce?
You know, from what I've seen.
Beyonce? That's huge!
That is huge! Crazy in Love by Beyonce.
That is huge!
If that is going to be in one of the downloadable song packs...
I'll just wait for the steps.
If that is going to be in one of the downloadable song packs, that is freaking huge.
The first question people are going to ask probably will be, why the hell wasn't this
in the game to start with?
But we don't know.
We don't know any of this.
Will our questions ever be answered?
Probably not.
Well, yeah, that's another good question.
But I'll just, but I'll judge that song once I see the steps.
Well, yeah, it always comes down to that.
Because if they're like eight, like most of the new songs, like eight to nine, like most
of the new songs are, then, you know, then I'll make my, I'll make my decision.
Alright.
Until then, we can only just speculate.
Sounds good.
with us, Saku. That's about it. Alright, I got other people trying to get in, so I'm
going to have to let you go. Um... bye. Alright. Bye, Saku. Have a good one. Later. You know,
somebody in the chat room just pointed out something very interesting. The chat room
just died. I know what you're doing. You're all trying to hammer that site right now.
Okay, maybe not. Maybe some of you guys had to go watch the last part of the stupid bowl
and see that what the Patriots won. Who are the Patriots? Who are they? I... Is it what?
New England. Oh, New England. Some team. Like the whole... Yeah. The whole part of that
nation? The New England? All of it? They've won it for the past couple of years. Oh, I'm
totally not even paying attention to the Skype line. There's another call coming in. Let's
go to it. Hi, you're on Orange Lawns Radio. Hello, you are on Orange Lawns Radio. You're
You're soon to not be on Orange Lawn's Radio.
If you're going to call the show, before you call us, add this username to your Skype list, give them a call.
Echo123. It's Echo123.
And when you call that, you can hear yourself. It's like, literally an echo.
So you can tell if your Skype line's working or not. So, really good tip for you guys. So, give that a try.
Anyway, what's on your mind, Ziggy?
Well, it's about night style.
Ah, yes, night style. What's up with night style?
Yeah, I was, yeah, yeah, this benefit CD, which is really obvious.
What is this benefit CD? What is this?
I think it has something to do with, you know, with, uh, for every benefit CD that you buy, it will go to charity.
Isn't it for the tsunami victims?
I was gonna say, I was gonna say, that's all I've heard.
Every time I hear the word benefit lately, I know it's some type of tsunami benefit thing.
Don't get me wrong, great idea, great concept, lot of people there need help.
But you know, there's other good organizations out there to donate to too. That's all I want to say. Yeah, so
So have you seen the uh?
Cover art for a night style. I did see the cover art for night style, but I didn't show it to the other people in studio
And now I have no idea where the box art went. It's Rob's lousy. I know I'm horrible
I I will dig it up though the box art. What did you think of the box art?
Well, it's really fine to me, actually. Everybody at the Money Style has been complaining about it.
You know what? And when I looked at it, it looked fine to me, too. I don't know what the people are bitching about, really. It's better than some of the other ones, I think.
They're actually buying what's in the game, not what's on the cover art.
point here it is for those of you in studio and we'll actually actually I can
post this as well hahaha in our chat room here is a picture of the night
style cover what do you guys think of that
Logan it looks cool that's kind of that's pretty bad I don't see the
problem with it I mean they've got your mandatory DJ girl on it so you know and
Eddy. Uh huh. Are those the two new characters in 9th Style? Yeah, they're the 2DX DJs representing
9th Style. That's what I thought. Yuhua and Eddy. That's what I thought, and it looks
fine to me. Look at that, it looks like she just got a manicure today. You know, those
people who've been complaining, they were thinking of the actual poster as the cover
art for Night Style. Oh, because that was the poster as well? It's supposed to be the
poster. So Konami got a little lazy, who cares? I'm happy as hell that we're getting Night
Style in the first place. If they're going to get a little sloppy and make the poster
the same thing as the cover art, I don't care. It's a fine picture. I would be more much
I'm much happier if they put reincarnation back on night style.
Oh, reincarnation. Aren't they supposed to be bringing a bunch of songs back?
Actually, I already mentioned to you last time that there would be three songs that would mostly come back.
Right. Well, aren't there songs that have new anothers that need to be accounted for?
Yeah. Jams, Screams, Minimalion, and Checking You Out.
Right, right. Okay. That's right.
Hmm.
Well, it sounds like it's going to be a good mix either way.
I can't wait to hear more details. I can't wait to see that full song list.
And what I really want to see, I want to see if we get any more preview tracks from 10th and 11th.
And I want to see, and I know it's red, but I'm calling it 11th.
I want to see if there are, like, good preview songs.
I want Kachak.
What?
I want Kachak.
Kachak would be cool.
I personally would love to have the Ryu song, Agiha.
I want that song.
I want that song.
Huh?
I get hot.
I get hot.
Oh, sorry.
You sound like you're coughing up a hairball.
I get hot.
I get hot.
I get hot.
I want that song.
All right, well, you've been listening to this show long enough.
You know I'm really white when it comes to my pronunciation.
Yeah, but I'm always here to help you out.
Well, I appreciate it.
It's the beauty of the Skype line.
I can be corrected almost in person.
It's great.
You can be corrected in person.
Yeah, when Jamie isn't here to correct me in person, you are.
It's just, it's beautiful.
Yeah.
And there's another one that you mispronounce it a lot, uh, you know, the artist, uh, Cheer
Train, who's actually Fujita Blender.
Fujita?
Yeah.
I like Fuzita.
Oh.
Alright.
We're gonna let you go, because we're getting other calls, and I want to let you get back
to that AOL conversation you're having in the background.
Alright?
Alright.
Have a good one.
Later.
Bye.
We got another call.
We'll take, we'll take one more call, then maybe we'll go to the cage match after this.
I don't know.
What, you don't like talking to people on the Skype line?
I like talking to people, but I'm ready for the cage match.
Oh, you want to bring it on?
Well, I just don't really care.
Alright, let me get to this person...
It's already been brought in.
Let me get to this poor person who's sitting here on the Skype line waiting for us to acknowledge their presence.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio!
Hey, Sky, it's El Mullet again.
Hello, El Mullet!
What is going on? You guys are just digging through Konami's site right now.
You're posting all these crazy banners. What's going on?
Well, all these crazy banners equal two that I found, but...
Hey! That's more than I found!
I just put in two random words, and I pulled out two things.
I have no idea.
So you're trying to think of, like, four-letter words that might come up with something.
Yeah, something like that, and then I'm bored.
Wow, and you found two. What do you think this all is? What do you think this all adds up to?
I wouldn't read too much into it personally. I mean, I'm sure that there's some sort of explanation why we've managed to pull up five licensed songs. I'm thinking maybe, you know, they were there, but now they're not there, you know.
Five songs? Five songs in a song pack? Loki, Loki's tapping my leg for something.
It might be noticed, or I might mention that not only by putting in who those directories are, you're pulling up stuff from UltraMix 2 but UltraMix 1.
So I could theorize it could be also UltraMix 3.
Ah, now that's a good thought there. Maybe these are possible UltraMix 3 songs.
Or UltraMix 7.
That's enough of Song Pack 5 by doing the same thing, so that's UltraMix 1.
Interesting. Because we all know Ultramix 3 has to happen at this point. It has to. Has to happen. And if it doesn't happen, there will be burnination going on.
I mean, I'm going to amount all this banner finding. Remember when a picture was leaked that had the take it to the morning light banner from DDR Max and it had an SP4 icon on it?
I remember that. I remember that. And it didn't mean shit.
Yeah, it didn't mean shit. What we could be pulling up right now could very well not be meaning shit at all.
all. They're pretty banners. That Crazy in Love banner is kind of cute. That's not the
kind of banner I would have put for that song. I would have just put a big booty as the banner
for Crazy in Love, because every time that song comes on, I just think of booty dancing.
But yet the Crazy in Love banner... I don't want to hear that song now. No, no you don't.
I don't think I have it. Believe it or not, I don't think I have it on my drive. You think
that would be a song? I need that song. I need to play it Tuesday. I have plenty of
I've been looking for crazy right now in love, I've been looking for crazy right now, I've
play a little clip here. Here it is, here it is. Come on, don't you want to shake your
booty? This is the part I like. Yeah, that would be, oh I'm sorry, I totally cut it off
Looking so crazy in the hood, got me looking, got me looking so crazy in the hood
also pulled like two Konami original banners we pulled the Cutris pulled off
GMD and hold on me that's right so who knows where that's going on so that's
seven songs so it's not a true song pack that's true that's true so there's more
than five so who knows what's going on I'm sure an explanation will be offered
you know, eventually, like how Song Pack 8 is going to be released eventually.
Don't get me started on that, I'm so mad at Microsoft for that.
One of the licensed songs for Ultramix One, Shiny Disco Balls was one, and Do That Fang,
Castles in the Sky.
Okay.
Loki's trying to pull up all these banners from Ultramix One over there, I think, or
something.
I don't know what he's doing.
You know that if trying to find something secret that you're not supposed to see on some website is involved,
Loki's in on it.
Anything else you want to share with us, Emelot?
That's pretty much it. This is the big topic of conversation right now, after all.
You know what?
Unfortunately, the way things work in the Bemani scene is it seems like now we're getting in this rhythm of getting all our games at the end of the year in the Christmas season,
which makes everything post Christmas to E3
a real dead period. But
that's why we talk about other stuff too. What can we say? Exactly.
Alright. Hey, plug your site. Insightpulse.com
Visit it. Love it. Love us, dammit.
Alright. But not too much. Not too much. I mean,
love us to the extent of you're not being creepy about it. Alright.
sounds good so visit inside pulse and and read the el mullet column
it's it has every actually it's not called the el mullet column though
the look for it it's great alright thanks for the call
by have a good one alright
I know some you guys are still trying to get through on the skype line I'm really
sorry but we are going to go ahead and go into the cage match
will open it up again a little bit later so those you guys didn't get through
right now can have a chance
a little later so you just gotta you ask some other folks like el mullet and and
back in the people they're calling in a week after week
ask him what their trick is to get in because they always seem to be able to do
it somehow
I I can't explain it is crazy
alright as a reminder you guys to participate in this next segment you're
gonna wanna be in our chat room www.orangelaungeradio.com
click on chat it is time for the Orange Lounge Radio cage match
last week in the orange lounge radio cage match it kind of surprised us
because echo image was given the boot from the cage match and it was replaced
by dream that's right j-pop artist dream with their rendition of night of fire
the song you might recognize from 2dx
para para it was Jamie's pick so that's going to be the first song you guys hear
tonight as a reminder the way the cage match works you hear three songs one of
you hear a clip of it's the song that won last week two songs you hear brand
new in their entirety and you're gonna pick your favorite and the winning song
goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio's Bomani music and
more program you get the vote so here it is song number one you get to pick from
tonight. Last week's winner, Dream Night of Fire.
Alright, so song number one in tonight's cage match, last week's winner, Dream, Night
of Fire. Will it win again? We'll see. We gotta bring in two challengers though first.
First up, my pick! Yay, me! Um, I'm gonna pick a band that, this has won the cage match
a couple times. It's a real popular band amongst, I think, the folks that play DDR, although
it's not a DDR band. Yeah. But, um, one of our listeners, Allusion, was kind enough to
send me a bunch of songs by this artist throughout the past week, including some songs off their
I think it was out last year and I'm just loving it. I'm loving it
So I got to play it for you guys right now. It's a little band out of Boston called freeze pop and
This is a song called
This is a song called stake out
Enjoy!
Can't spy
Ooooooh
Ooooooh
Ooooooh
Ooooooh
Ooooooh
Ooooooh
Oh just calm down, please, oh come
Call me something I don't know
I've seen you here before
I want to see you more
Enjoy your bed inside my head
I want you in my bed from far away I'll check you out
Can't let you see me
I wanna shake out
I wanna shake out
I wanna shake out
I've got a plan in mind for you I'm waiting till the time is right
I know that you like what I do No need to put up a fight
Watching you from far away You look so sweet and clueless
Soon I'll move in on my prey. It's time for me to do this.
Watching and waiting.
The feeling is elating.
Lying my time.
Yeah, I know that you're someone
Someone
Can't let you see me
I'm on the stakeout
I'm on the stakeout
I'm on a stakeout
I'm gonna shake out, shake out
I'm gonna shake out, shake out
I'm gonna shake out, shake out
Now I know that you're in my mind
Alright, first challenger tonight, song number two, Freeze Pop Stake Out
Did that song stick out in your mind, or would you like to take it out to the trash?
I like freeze pop because that song just didn't do it for me. Still, it was a good song, so they gave it a 7.
I like freeze pop, I give it a 9.
Okay, good. Angel!
I love Breezepop.
And, uh, the only time I knew that- knew them, rather, is from, obviously, Amplitude and, uh, frequency.
So, that sort of did it all for me, and that song is really happy and stuff, so I'll give it a nine.
A nine from Angel. Loki!
I absolutely hate Breezepop. I hate-
We hate you!
I don't give a shit. You know what? I hate that fucking song. It's awful. It's a one
Awful, I'm sorry talking over synthesizers is not fucking music awful
Yes, whereas whereas the song that is oversynth to all hell says girls
Is music
Did I never I never said it was good when I put it in okay
Okay, last time I checked, you're supposed to like the songs, at least somewhat, that you are going to put in the cagement. Call me crazy. Maybe I missed that memo.
Maybe, maybe.
Anyway, my thoughts on Freeze Pop. I feel completely opposite from Loki. I think the minimalist synth sound that they have, I think that is what makes them so cool.
love her voice because she has this very I don't care what you all think type
thing in your voice I just I love her voice and the pop culture references are
awesome but they're not cheesy like I've heard bands with cheesy pop culture
references it's bad they're good yeah yeah so I would give them like I would
give it like seriously like an eight and a half maybe a nine eight three quarters
let's give it an eight and three quarters I like it a lot all right let's
Let's get to song number three, which is Loki's Pick. What did he pick?
It doesn't matter, it sucks.
Thank you. Thank you.
No, um, what I picked was...
It was actually a song I had heard a while ago and I had downloaded just for the hell of it, because I like the song.
It's another freeze pop song, isn't it?
No, it's not a freeze pop song. Thank God.
Thank God for that.
No, this is The Killers with Somebody Told Me.
And it would be like perfect for like Guitar Freaks.
Cool.
Alright, Loki says this is his Guitar Freaks song that he would like to see.
The Killers, Somebody Told Me, song number three.
Enjoy
I'm breaking my back just to know your name But having eight clothes in a place like this
Anything goes but don't blink you might miss Cause having eight clothes in a place like this
I said I'm having eight clothes in a place like this Bring it back down, bring it back down tonight
Oh, oh, oh, oh
Never thought I'd let a rumor ruin my moonlight
Somebody told me you had a golden breast
Looked like a girlfriend
And I had it better be the pair of real-time shears
And I'm off the next show
And I'm off the next show
And I'm off the next show
Oh, whoopee, whoopee
Ready, let's roll on to something new
Take it in so that I'm leaving without you
I'm ready, let's roll on to something new
But heaven ain't close to no place like this
Anything goes to some place you might live
Cause heaven ain't close to no place like this
I said heaven ain't close to no place like this
Bring it back down, bring it back down tonight
Never thought I'd ever ruin my moonlight
Somebody told me you had a boyfriend
Who looked like his girlfriend
And I hadn't met him yet
Respect him, it's uncomfortable
I've got potential for rushing, rushing around
Taste yourself of me
I said baby, baby, please
But I just don't know now
We are one and we are trying
Somebody told me
Who doesn't have to grow fast, they don't have to crack you
But every time she gets you, it's not confidential
And I'm not present, I'm rushing, rushing around
I know, since I don't listen to the radio, this is pretty new to me, so I like it a lot.
Negative 7, I've been hearing it all week.
Yeah, I know. Negative 7, I've been hearing it all week.
It's pretty good. What are you rocking?
This, boys and girls, let this be a lesson to you. If you're thinking right now that
this song is overplayed, it's time for you to turn off the radio, seriously, and start
listening to internet radio and other forms of entertainment that's out there, because
I have heard that song on the radio the few times I forgot to bring my iPod in the car
so I could listen to podcasts. I did turn on the radio and I have heard that song so
I know it's a little mainstream, but I'm not sick of it
It still feels fresh to me because I haven't allowed corporate horde radio to ruin that song for me yet. Therefore that song I
Still kind of dig it
It's a little weird for this cage match
But I still like the song and don't want to give it a low score
So I have to give it like a seven and a half
Loki
It gets a ten. I was
No torn between this one or another song put in so I figured I'll try this one and if it doesn't work
I'll try the next one next week all right fair enough that's it three songs
your turn your your turn your time to vote here we go the three songs you can
vote for tonight song number one dream night of fire
And song number two, Freeze Pop Stakeout.
And song number three that you can vote for tonight, The Killers, Somebody Told Me
Alright, place vote now. Send a private message to Skye in the chat room with your vote and
we'll add it all up and let you guys know who the winner is. Song number one, song number
two or song number three. Meanwhile, Orange Lounge Radio moves right along, and I gotta
ask Loki a question I ask Loki every week. What the hell's going on in the sim scene
now? Anything? Um, I don't think so, really. Other than just people, you know, being afraid
about, you know, DRA coming after them for downloading sim files and that type of thing.
All the websites are down, DDRManiaX and DDRUK, two of the big three that are out there are
down.
And last week I mentioned, you know, there's a bunch of different sort of food mix type
packs you can download or check out, and once again those are on the forums for Bill Monning's
style, you can find those.
Really nothing's been going on, I think everyone's been just gearing up for Super Bowl or something
like that because really there's nothing out there. I'm sure you'll see some more coming
out though for the 2DX Red stuff that's come out because obviously now that the OST rips
aren't out there you can, you know, bet that there's going to be some of those sim files
coming out. But besides that, really nothing else going on. It's been just quiet and dead
like all the websites. So, that's up. That's everything. Kind of sucks.
You know, is it just that the sim file authors are using the Super Bowl as an excuse to have
more time to look at Asian prawn on the internet? I don't know why you'd want to look at Asian
porn, since Asian porn censored, but sure. I guess.
Well, we can't see Loki's screen for- Let me rephrase. Porn with big-tittied Asian
girls. Okay, that's completely acceptable then. Can't, I can't tell you how disappointed
I was when I bought actually like a bunch of VCDs of Asian porn and it was all fucking
censored. I was like, what the hell is this? This is retarded. This is the dumbest thing.
Oh my God, those pixels look so hot. You know, mosaics are not sexy. What was the one that
I got from Dark Sound? The one that Final Fuck X was actually the, that was the first,
is actually Final Fuck 10, really, was actually the first Asian full-on, like, porn from Asia
I'd actually seen. It was cosplay porn. Yes, it was cosplay porn with characters from Final
Fantasy. Didn't we actually do this on the show? I want to say we actually played this
on the show on an earlier episode. We didn't? No, maybe way back in the day. We did it as
part of an afterbirth. We did the Dance Dance porn, though. I remember... Yeah, that was
the one. Loki gave his review of the Dance Dance porn, or what was it called? You remember
dance fuck or something something like that I have it buried under here on my
desk somewhere because I remember after I like I bought it or whatever I watched
it once ago this is interesting and then just kind of tossed it and you know it
became part of the mass collection of stuff on my desk I what I this was way
back like episode 30 or 40 like in that area this is like two years ago I think
we're looking at what the hell was this all about I remember there was it was
the Dance Dance Fuck movie, and you know, Loki bought it off eBay, because, you know,
haha, maybe it's connected to Dance Dance Revolution somehow, had nothing to do with
anything. For those that are unfamiliar out there, and I will show, this is more for the
in-studio folks, um, there is DDR porn out there. Sadly enough, there is porn that, no,
porn that's out there and if you if you go here to the but myself image porns
and we go to the not work safe category here we can see that there are some
actual you know those you people posting on this board what the hell is wrong
What's wrong with you? You're drawing pornography to- ugh!
It's just 4chan, get over it.
Head hurts.
Head hurts.
Jamie, surely you have something to add on this.
I thought yaoi doujinshi.
It's just 4chan. It's all things hentai.
But it's DDR-ish characters. It looks like somebody drew that one.
It looks like somebody painted that one. It said Max...
Look! Colors! Beatmania 2DX characters book for adults only.
Like, the song Colors, and you've got all these girls with big titties standing in front of Colors.
What is that picture of Tran sitting there where you can totally see her clam?
is that? Her clam? Wow, way to go there Rob. Welcome to the 90s. I don't care. Now they're
all posting about it in the chat room. At least she got him to stop typing in random
four letter words. Now this is going to give more ideas. They're going to try 4chan. Is
that the orange lounge characters naked? What is wrong? Seriously! Post that link in the
chatroom. Can you post that link in the chatroom? Somebody found a picture on these bimani style
porn boards of the orange lounge characters from Mobomoga just naked. Seriously people,
out of the house. If this is you posting this, this is your homework assignment. You are
to go outdoors and get at least 3 hours of fresh air this week. And I want you to touch
a real girl. Make sure you have her permission first and your mom doesn't count, ok? I want
you to actually go out and touch a real girl. What is? Jamie, look at this one! It's the
Oh my god, I want to make an icon out of that.
I want a link to that.
I just need some heavy breathing to go along with all this.
Flair O'Nai says that the naked picture of Tartan Toffee should be our new banner for
Orange Lounge.
We could do that.
Well, we do have a site remodeling coming up.
Hey, how about that?
We'll just have that in our banner.
Okay.
Seen that picture before?
Forget it.
I'm done. I'm not going to talk about pornography anymore on the radio. This is pointless, people.
For the next five minutes.
Just look at what you missed out on, though, if you're not in the chat room.
All right, you guys want to know who won the cage match?
No.
No?
Yeah.
Yeah?
All right, let's hear who won tonight's cage match.
The winner of tonight's cage match is...
Freeze Pop wins tonight.
And Loki's mad at me.
Alright, let's go to a break, shall we boys and girls?
We're gonna go to a break and in this break we gotta get ourselves some more 2DX music
from 2DX Red because the soundtrack, if you didn't hear, we've been talking about this
all night. The soundtrack to 2DX Red came out this week, AKA 2DX11 style. That's what
I've been calling it. I know that's not the real name, and I also don't care, by the way.
So we've been playing some songs from that all night long, so we're going to keep that
up. I think what we will play in this break, what are we going to do? I want to play, actually,
there's a really good song by Sota Fujimori that I want to play. I like that song, so
So we're going to start it off with that.
It's called The Hope of Tomorrow, so we're going to start it off with that.
Maybe we'll do some DJ Simon in this break as well.
And did we do Don't Be Afraid Myself yet?
I don't think we did, so we have to do Don't Be Afraid Myself, because I like that song.
More Freeze Pop.
No, no, more Freeze Pop tonight.
And I guess, should we do the Polteri one?
Why not?
I'm feeling, I'm feeling risky tonight.
We're going to do, it's not Naoki.
June featuring Polteri. So I have no hope.
We're gonna see how that is raspberry heart. All right, we're gonna play all those songs and we'll be back after this
And maybe you won't expect this
And I will appear as I go
I can't help
Oh
Yeah! Come on, let's go!
Well I'll be there for you
I wanted to be the one to talk to you
Why I can't always be left behind
I know you wanted to say goodbye
But you said you'd stay, I wonder why
But I know that I wanna be with you forever and ever
Hey, you're so true
Make you feel ashamed once again
Our hearts will fly to take us back up to the sky
I even have to bring up the vibes in me
Bring the vibes out of your heart
When you've done it, you've taken it
Where are you?
Don't you know that it's so true?
I'll always be there for you my raspberry horn, raspberry horn, raspberry horn
Gaming radio, so uncensored, that even Tom Brokaw could get a job with us.
Uh, B-B-Bukawky?
Orange Lounge Radio.
Thanks, Tom.
We're back. Sorry about that, that last song got cut off a little bit.
I'm sure none of you guys minded that much, because it is voluntary.
I'm kidding, but apparently one of my macros in IRC happens to control my Winamp, and that is why I'm not going to install more of these crappy scripts into my, uh, MIRC anymore.
So, apologies for that, but at least you got a little taste there of Politary, June featuring Politary with Raspberry Heart.
very hard and I so wasn't ready to come back from break damn it oh well that's
all right what we're gonna do now is we got the TV thingy hooked up do you need
some time to get that done or is already hooked up for what she's got well I just
don't know how to set it up that's good we're good to go all right Jamie wants
to share with us another follow-up to something from last week this has been a
running thing for like two weeks now is well Jamie I'll let you set this up for
the listeners what's going on here I brought the Japanese version of Dracula
X to not turn in the moonlight that came out over here as Castlevania Symphony of
the night I brought the precursor I brought with me Dracula X for the PC
engine duo so this is kind of neat because she actually had to bring her
whole little system here, a TurboDuo, which is ages old for a game system.
And it's like one of the first CD systems. It's like we're having a classic gaming expo
in my house right now. It's awesome. Well this game goes for eBay from anywhere
between $150 to $350. We actually didn't pay for ours, it was used to pay us back when
someone owed us $100. She picked it up for us in Japan for about
ten for about a about a hundred dollars okay Wow I'm turning it on now and be
watching the webcam okay so if you want to check out the webcam go to www.orange
launch radio.com the webcams right there so look at it people view the old
schoolness of the super CD-ROM 2 system of course if you're listening to us on
like a rebroadcast or something such as the one that happens on DDR freak radio
every Friday night. You don't get to participate along with the webcam because it's not going
on right now, but at least you get to hear us kind of talk about it. So now, I notice
the boot-up screen here for this system you've got, it says Super CD-ROM 2 system, like,
but it says CD-ROM squared. What the hell's the 2?
I think it's because it's a dual-speed CD. Oh my gosh, it's lightning fast then. It's
It's a dual-speed CD.
It's a Saturn.
Amazing.
It's blazing fast.
Anyway, this is the...
I'm going to go ahead and let the whole intro play through because it's in German.
And our listeners want nothing more than to hear German right now, I'm sure.
I might skip through some of it, but...
I can't hear it.
Oh, there we go.
Oh, I hear it.
Remember the old Konami sound?
Oh, I used to love that sound when I put it in a Super Nintendo game.
Beautiful.
Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right.
I hear it a little bit.
It's quiet, but I hear it.
There we go.
So what is this part all about here, Dark Sacra?
They're sacrificing virgins to bring back Dracula.
Dracula. Awesome.
There's the Virgin. This is awesome because it's German with Japanese subtitles.
And I hope people are saving these for me, please.
Ooh, there's a good shot of the Virgin there on the webcam.
Ooh, they killed the Virgin! Oh no, she did. Oh no, they didn't.
She likes to be a Virgin, huh?
...
Clarify something in the chat room, because we don't have motion going on right now.
Is there a full motion video on this game?
It's fake motion. You know, like...
Like Ninja Gaiden cinematics.
Yeah.
It has some animation.
It's spread over stills.
The only word I understood in the whole thing was flighter mouth, which is fat.
I understood a heck of a lot more than that.
Ooh, what did it say?
It says you suck.
No.
No, it actually just said Loki sucks because he doesn't like freeze pops.
Okay, there's one more bit of the intro I'm going to play after that, the other one I
showed you.
And then, here it is.
Victor the school teacher why do you feel the need to share this with our
listeners this is the kind of culture they need to be educated in the way to
the old school
who is Japanese user like the best bit of jacket of what I love about this game
is to have a lot of updated Castlevania themes in it oh my god well and updated
for that time and I'll tell you what for our chat room I'm willing to mp3 the
a whole CD for you. This music really speaks to me. It sends the message to me that free
pop is an actual music and it sucks! That's what it says to me. The way it looks on the
The way it looks on the webcam, it almost looks like the skeletons are dancing.
Yeah, it's thriller all of a sudden, some of the dicks.
Dracula.
Okay, so I'll play a little bit of it.
But you have to hear, though, Maria, because Maria is a playable character in this, and she's a cheesy little girl in a pink dress, that there's birds.
Yeah, what the hell is that? That's, you know, maybe I'm just out of touch with the whole, you know, Castlevania slash Dracula series, but what the hell is up with the throwing birds?
All the characters always had a whip, or like a knife or something.
whole manly ending where he's marching out of the castle triumphant and Maria
has one where she's being followed by her little animal friends skipping while
there's happy music playing. Jamie stop making the grudge noise. And also this
should sound familiar though. I always love that satanic church music that
have? See, for anyone who's ever played this on the Super Nintendo, it gives you a hint,
but this is, you can tell that Symphony of the Night is definitely a secret. You know,
this would be good music to play, like, say, I don't know, before a certain wedding in
a church. Dude, that would be great! I should play that before my wedding. So let's see,
we want Maria or do it Richter Maria sounded like Chun Li there yeah she did
go get that all right I'll go ahead and start with whatever the hell this
difficult level is I know I should start with the very beginning just start music
I'm being soothed by the music. Hey, run away. I'm not soothed. Soothe me. Okay. Jamie's
playing for a little bit here. And then they ate the minstrels. I get to fight death now.
So, in the game right now, Jamie is riding on a horseback in carriage or something.
The graphic, by the way, should look familiar at the beginning of the night.
And Van Helsing completely ripped the scene off, I might add.
For people that said that Van Helsing was Castlevania the movie
Screw you because honestly Van Helsing sucked and a Castlevania movie would be awesome. They would not do that to a Castlevania movie
Actually, they would that's the problem
There were no flying vampire babies in Castlevania as far as I'm aware. There were the flying monkeys, but the
I also want people to pay attention if they happen to make it to the camp.
The opening graphic you'll remember is exactly the same as it was on Symphony of the Night.
Which is funny because the opening graphic has a little upside down blue triangle when you play as Richter.
But when you play as Maria, it's an upside down pink triangle.
And for you fellow family, aka homos out there, you know what an upside down pink triangle means.
the Saturn and not turn in the moonlight. I'll do it. I have a Saturn. I have a few
Saturns actually. I may have a completed save file on that one. Awesome. Now what I love
about this part of the game too is it looks like she's actually going through the old
town in Castlevania. And Jamie's saying it is the old town from Castlevania 2, Simon's
Quest. So for those of you guys that are looking on the webcam right now, you're like, damn
It looks like the same graphics they had in Simon's Quest. Well, it is.
Just sounds like a bunch of broken glass everywhere right now.
Whoa, hey, what was that?
As I mentioned before when we were watching her play this earlier, it sounds like the same sound effects from Mega Man.
But they're two different companies. Mega Man is Capcom. Castlevania is Konami. How the hell do you figure?
There's a hidden place that I can't get to with Richter.
Don't.
Anyway, Loki, Castlevania is Konami, Mega Man is Capcom, they cannot share the sound
effects, the world would explode.
No.
What the hell was that?
That was dinner.
Shumi says it was the gargoyle.
See, it's almost like being at somebody's house, watching them play games, except in
this case you have your back turned and you only get to look once every 30 seconds.
You just gotta wonder what you're missing.
Oh, what happened?
The music stopped.
Oh, load time.
Make your own music, yay!
Oh, here we go.
Are you fighting the boss right now?
Yeah, you died last time you fought this boss.
This sounds 8-bit. This song sounds 8-bit.
Excuse me.
Excuse me again.
I don't know what I ate.
Loki! Stop that!
Jamie died. No, she's not dead yet.
Now she's... Oh!
Did you hear that sound?
I swear to God that was the sound it made when you died in like Zelda.
You need the axe for this. You always needed the axe for the first boss in any
Castlevania game. What's up with that?
Alright.
What?
Jamie's just trying to get to the next level so you can hear the music because it is
really awesome.
And then after that, we're going to go into the FUs of the Week.
So you guys, by the way, if you're in our chat room right now,
you can send those FUs of the Week.
Just send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your FU.
Did you kill it?
She killed it.
Yay.
I killed it.
What's up with the disco ball? Like, the crystal that drops on the ceiling is like a little disco ball. It's crazy.
Makes you want to dance.
Ooh, it's sparkling. It's a sparkling disco ball.
And as you can see, it's a red ball with fire in it.
Well, the cam hasn't updated yet, so I can't see it, but...
Sorry.
That's alright.
I know that noise.
Believe it or not, I actually like the first level music better on the Super Nintendo version, but all the rest of it's better.
Alright, now you have to hear the music at the beginning of the stage. It's the whole reason we played this whole first stage.
I forgot, I also have Sound Test open.
Sound familiar?
p0k3smot42o1 the way the bird squawks right at the pause in the song
Alright. Alright, we're gonna wrap it up for this segment.
Wait, wait, what? One more thing? Oh, okay.
Um, I'm gonna actually play a song that I want to be my F music.
Okay, just for this once.
Alright, well I'm gonna turn down the volume until you get to that part.
Well great, what are we supposed to talk about in the meantime? I have no idea.
Now what are we supposed to do?
test okay well that that won't take that long no just because this is my favorite
piece of music in the game and I forgot the sound test existed I guess what I'll
do for a minute here while I queue up the F use of the week which by the way
you guys should be sitting in I'll take a moment to plug our spin-off shows
Monday night on Orange Lounge radio diversion the Orange Lounge radio remix
show a bunch of your favorite remixes not only just I can hear your computer
Sorry buddy.
It is.
I hear it.
And so do our listeners.
Whatever your working on there, I just heard in my speaker.
Listener!
Listeners!
Tell Loki you can hear it.
Well they're fucking wrong.
Because look, fliers.
It's on our computer.
Try it again.
I don't hear it now.
I hear it oh no that was the TV right there okay but I'm telling you I heard
whatever this thing was it's uh it's you're doing it I can tell it is anyway
found it you guys don't care anyway not yet not yet yeah not yet keep it down
God we're gonna get into the F use of the week oh yeah before I fit I needed
to talk to keep finishing up our spin-off programming all right Tuesday
night pump up the volume 7 o'clock or what says 730 for show but 645 is for
pre-show Thursday night outside the box 7 o'clock when we feel like doing a show
we do one all right now I can do Jamie why do we have to do the F use of the
week every week because we're angry but this music is too happy to be angry
about
um I'm angry about the woman with the cookies okay this is the only thing I'm really angry
about there was this couple of girls not be posting a link in the chat room soon but they
went around their neighborhood passing out cookies and they were leaving them on doorsteps
of surprises. This one woman sued them for causing her anxiety because they knocked on
the door, she didn't answer, and so they left them and ran as a surprise. Well, they offered
to pay her medical damages, so she did apparently get checked into the hospital for nearly having
a heart attack or something. And instead, she sued them for the punitive damages. Well,
she didn't win that, but she did win what the girls offered her anyway. So, it's a big
Also, a big F.U. to all of you school children who do not believe in the goddamn first amendment.
There was a survey done saying that something like 80% of students I think should believe the government has control over our public media.
That's in direct violation of the first amendment.
We also don't know how to properly dispose of the flag either.
I think that vibrating is illegal.
Um, I think that that's really stupid.
Just a big F-you to general ignorance of damn near everybody.
And I blame their parents. That's it.
Loki's turn!
I want to get this cold, because I've had a sore throat for like
an entire week, and that's really the only symptom that I have from that being congested.
So, that kind of sucks, because talking on the phone
all day at work, and he just irritates it, and that's no picnic. And then, fuck you to
stupid, lame-ass people with cell phones. God damn it, I want a law to be passed where
people cannot drive with cell phones. In fact, there was a fucking study done that people
are more dangerous driving with cell phones than they would be intoxicated.
You're making it illegal.
Thank God! Because you know what? People can't fucking do it.
I've been in a car with you talking on your cell phone.
I just use speakerphone. Doesn't matter, even, even with speakerphone, there's still the
reaction time is much worse. The impending, although, was supposed to make provisions for hands-free.
So, you know what? So that goes for all you women out there driving those SUVs
and with those stupid cell phones. Ha! You can't do it any longer!
So, to hell with you people. Anyways,
Then also, um, fuck you to the goddamn Indian casinos, actually, because, you know, I think
it's quite funny that people go there and spend all their money, oh, look at, this is
as nice because they have, you know, all this, we can go gamble and stuff, but guess what,
you don't win, they're just doing a reverse rapeage on you, okay, they're just gonna rape
you of your money, because we raped them of their land, so, you know, I don't feel sorry
for anyone that goes there and loses all their money. So to hell with them. And I think that's
pretty much it for now because I can't really think of anything else. There was another
thing I was thinking of earlier, but it's gone, so that'll be it. My turn. My first
First F.U. goes to Loki for having two F.U.s that were involving me somehow in some way
because A. I love talking on my cell phone while I drive and I do it just fine, and B.
I lost $75 at the casino last night, but I don't care, I had fun and I won $100 the last
time I was there.
But on that note, F.U. to the fact that I was not able to keep up my winning streak
last night, that made me sad, but oh well.
I had fun while it lasted, even though it didn't last very long, but then again, neither
do orgasms.
Um, what else did I give an FU to?
Uh, an FU to just, like, hangovers. That's a big one.
Uh, an FU to drama in general, because there's just drama sometimes, and it makes things messy, and that's all I can say about that, really.
Let's move on. Let's talk to some of the other folks that are here in studio. Angel?
All right, uh, F.U. to my instructor, because, uh, I'm saying something I did- or, saying I did something that I didn't do.
And that's all that needs to be said about that.
Uh, F.U. to myself for not giving myself enough sleep during the week. I think that happens to all of us at one point or another.
Uh, and other than that, uh, not much, because I'm not really that angsty.
But then again, when am I ever that angsty?
Mmm, you've been like borderline angsty, I've seen.
Alright. Uhh, bugged.
Just a nice little FU to low-key about freeze-pop.
You demob-ass. He just will not let that drop!
He will not drop the freeze-pop grudge.
Oh boy. We're not supposed to drop demob-ass, everyone's supposed to say it.
It's gonna be the next... Deathcake.
What the fuck is Deathcake?
Is it an Eddie-user? Oh, okay.
We brought up the cake or death with the Vicar or Die and Deathcake.
I thought you had a response to that look, that's why I gave you the mic.
Alright, is that it, Bug?
Yeah.
Alright. Chat room time!
Let's see what the folks on the chat room have to say. Yeah, I know, who cares.
illusion says F you to Jamster for just being Jamster and being on every
commercial break you know who owns Jamster who you got to be kidding no
they're a subsidiary of Versailles Jesus okay here you go guys there's actually a
petition on the internet to stop Jamster and I would urge you all to sign it even
though I'm not huge on internet petitions this is one I can believe in I
don't care if it has like minimal impact if we can stop one Jamster commercial
We've done our job.
Illusion also says, an F you to Shakey's.
Stopping their karaoke right before my friends and I got there.
So we didn't get to do Love Shack again.
Hey, that's the song that Iguana Girl and I always do, is Love Shack.
We did it on this show once, actually.
KK Slider says, F you to Final Fantasy XI, taking my life.
I sympathize. What, Jamie? What did you say to KK Slider?
Oh.
Addict.
Jamie says, Addict.
AznBuddyPaul says, F you to heartbreakers.
There have been like two gazillion breakups lately.
You just, maybe you just a playa.
Sephiroth1215 says, F you to no service pack 8 yet and no 2DX in America yet even though
I have a feeling it will be soon.
Song pack, I always say service pack.
Song pack 8.
Sephiroth1215 also says, and f you for no outside the box once again, I have more fun
on that show.
Well, I'm sure the others are pleased to hear that.
What can I say, real life gets in the way sometimes, we'll see, we'll see what happens.
Legend of Zaku says, f you to the fact I'm still unemployed, f you to wasting away my
body by not eating right, thus losing my stamina when playing DDR, and f you to Valentine's
Day coming up next week, and me still not having a Valentine.
Jaded2005 says, F you to my computer for acting weird at the worst possible time yesterday
while playing Doom 3. And what time would that be?
Flaronay says, F you to the Super Bowl. Oh no, I'm sorry. I didn't read this right.
It says, F you to the Super Bow movement in parentheses. F you to the Super Bow.
I think I had one of those earlier.
And who won? The Patriots or the Eagles?
The Wet Ones.
One FU for tonight.
FU to EvilMaoki2Dx for making me spit water on the wall
so many times every time he sent me pictures.
Would those be 4chan pictures?
directed at certain people, but that, you know, I can tell that, you know, that's a light-hearted F.U., so those are okay.
I know who won the Super Bowl movement, it was the Browns.
You're welcome.
Do I have to come back next week? I thought Lanky Sal made the worst jokes possible.
Where do you think he learned them from?
VX JasonXV, resident webmaster and slave boy will be his official title with the new business structure.
FU to work, constant FU to work. I don't like all the workload being pushed off on me.
Right Shannon Joyce says, Joyce says FU to the world.
And EvilMaoki2Dx would like to say, one quick FU for Ragnarok Online. Taking my life away.
Korean knock-off. I miss Ragnarok. Korean life-sucking game, right?
What? Ragnarok? Yeah, Ragnarok's another one of those life-sucking MMORPGs that you play and you start going,
How did I ever get into this in the first place?
I did like Ragnarok, though. It was so cute. I will play Ragnarok, too, probably.
And people that know me know that I don't really have a whole lot of time for those other MMORPGs,
but I will give Ragnarok Online 2 a chance.
It was adorable.
I'm sorry, I still had that picture for the longest time on my phone
of your mage and my assassin. Seriously, where else could me,
a guy, get a character with red spiky hair like I have in real life sometimes
and then get a big purple bow to wear in my hair? That bow gave me plus one intelligence.
What other MMORPG will let me wear a big purple
feminine bow in my hair? And I never did get one of the huge ass ribbons
though, that's what made me sad. You know, I had almost got you one until you said that you
quit. I might have come back just for the big ribbon.
Wasn't there a cake song about that?
I don't, a ribbon? Pretty pink ribbon or something like that?
Something like that, I don't know. Alright, we're gonna go to
another break here when we come back. We're gonna head on over to
DDR Freak and check out our DDR
chit-chat post of the week and we're gonna chit-chat about it a little bit
here in studio as well. So we're gonna do that when we come back after this break
featuring some more music from 2DX Red and we're gonna start it off with... we'll
start off with a song that you actually saw in 8th style as well if you picked
up the home version but it's a good song. It really is a good song and it's worth
playing again. It's Spiral Galaxy. Enjoy guys. We'll be back with more Orange
launch radio.
Can I live?
You've changed me now.
I can fly.
It's my life, it's my life, it's my life.
It's my life, it's my life It's my life, it's my life
And now, let's listen to the music.
into an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting as they debate some of the new
programming coming to Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, Jamie, I have a suggestion about some of the music in our Bamani Music & More program.
Can we talk about that?
No subject will ever be taboo.
Well, I was thinking maybe we should move, pump up the volume from Tuesday nights?
Except, of course, the subject that was just on our discussion.
Okay, well, what would you think if maybe we cut back on some of the tack music we play on the station?
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
Oh my god, why did you do that to Loki?
The holic thing on episode 69 was just a joke!
Now if any of you sons of bitches
got anything else to say,
NOW'S THE FUCKING TIME!
six maybe? I think so. Although that's still one of my favorites.
You know that's based off an old banner I once saw on DDR Freak and I thought it was
great. It had a photoshopped...
It was somebody's signature banner and it said your post... or no, it was something
that would post in a thread and it said your post makes Captain Jack cry
and it was a photoshopped image of Captain Jack and his little
like singer and their mouths were turned upside down
so it looked like they were frowning and then tears were drawn on. It was so funny.
I like the one that you made based on
Dan's old joke with the one-hit wonder. Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. Because you can sing one-hit wonder to the
whole thing of Take On Me practically. And you know what? I will open it up to the
listeners. The listeners have said, can we make promos for you guys?
Sure! Why the hell not? Make us a promo.
You could even sneak in your name in there somehow. I don't know.
Be creative. We don't care. So we're gonna have an unofficial contest and the prize
if you win the contest
is you get your promo plate on the air. What? What?
I will send, we will send you autographed
of the EX-2 and
the Max-2, whatever the word...
The Ultramix-2 and the
extreme V-rares? Yes. I will send you autographed copies.
We will send you autographed copies. Alright, we will pick our favorites and we will send them autographed copies
of the V-rares.
By us. By us. And whoever else we can dig up. Maybe we can get some DDR Freak friends to sign them, too.
Granted, it's not as good as the, um, Make Edit Get Porn contest, but it will have to do.
Did we ever have a winner for that? We didn't even end up... Oh, yeah, that's right. That's right. I remember now. I remember that. That was a long time ago.
What happened with that? For those who weren't listening back then, what happened with the Make Edit Get Porn contest?
Well, we did have a winner. And the winner at the time was Dave. Those of you who have been listening to the show forever might remember Dave, how he used to come on and listen in the studio with us.
How he used to race me home.
Him and Paul. But, you know, they do not, for some reason, come over anymore.
We're not cool anymore.
We're not cool anymore. So, they're probably out screwing girls now, basically. They discovered girls.
if you're ready to hit or something.
almost porn, but you know, it's enough. Oh, how I miss the days. Alright. Anyway, free
porn! Let's get into the DDR chit-chat post of the week. That's right, when we get bored
on this show and we're desperate for materials, we turn to our buddies over on DDR Freak to
to provide us with the inspiration we need to keep this show going.
And we pick a post from DDR Chit Chat and make it our post of the week.
Now, it was very tempting to use this as the post of the week, which
actually was suggested to us by Flair O'Nai, which had the subject,
does this girl worth risking?
Hi, several months ago, I have signed erotic teen site.
I have asked owner of this site, and he gave me mail one of the models.
Her name is Julia, and here her free page.
How do you think it is possible to have long relation with such models?
Is it safe to go Ukraine now for meeting?
But I thought...
That sounds amazing when you like the Henry Rollins bit about the guy from Hungary.
You know the problem I have with that post, besides the fact that it doesn't make any
fucking sense, is that we have to have a little bit of a discussion on the post of the week,
so that does not work for the post of the week, I apologize.
Now this was actually, I can't fault this post for wording or grammar or anything, it's
actually a pretty interesting post, I gotta ask the folks in chat, or the folks not only
in chat, but the folks in the studio what they think about this one.
This is a post and it's titled, Middle Finger Usage.
We've all seen people make use of their middle finger in pictures of their DDR accomplishments.
What's the significance of this?
Does it symbolize hate for the song?
Does it mean the accomplishment was hard to do?
Are they full of rage and don't know where to let it out?
Is it the in thing to do?
If so, why did it become this way?
Do they want to look like rebels, and are they succeeding?
Are they conformists who don't even know the significance?
I suspect a combination of the last three, but I don't really know.
It's telling the song, I fucked your mom, and that's it.
That's what it is.
More or less, you know, it's like, ha, I fucked your mom, and I triple-aged you.
The end.
Is that where the expression, I triple-aged your mom, comes from?
Because I've heard that.
I've read that expression a lot on some of the message boards, and I always read that
and go, God, you're 14. To be honest, I'm just totally guessing. I have no fucking clue
why. I think it's because kids are stupid. I mean, because maybe flashing your penis
is illegal. So, you know, flipping off the camera is like, look at me, I'm hardcore and
I'm rebellious. I don't know.
Jamie, are there any pictures of you on the Internet giving the middle finger on a DDR
machine?
Um, there have been, actually.
Why were you given the finger?
I think I was pissed off at the song.
It's just a song?
What did the song do to you?
It fizzled.
Fucked her mother.
Did the song AAA your mom?
Back in the day, possibly, but not currently.
Her husband would take exception to that.
Bugged?
Now you've given the middle finger to several DDR machines, right?
Sure why not?
I could go do that right now.
But are you just giving the middle finger to the DDR machine because you're like, fucking
losers or what?
No, it's because I can't get my zipper down at the same time.
You're supposed to laugh, dammit.
Here's a quote from the chat room.
Wow, that's a really good question.
And Illusion says, I'm only going to say this because I know Illusion happens to live in
this same area, so I guess he's including himself.
Illusion says, all those SoCal people always flip off the camera.
They look like such dipshits.
I don't know.
I don't know why.
I mean, I flip off the cameras and I flip off the webcam all the time.
It's just...
I have a picture of me flipping off people wearing a cast, and then I had the cast cut
off with hedge-cutters.
That was one of the few pictures that you posted on Oregon's radio, wasn't it?
You know, when I flip you guys off on the webcam...
It's a symbol of love.
It is.
symbol of love because what I really fucking love you well what is the word
fuck really mean though it means I want to make love to you so when I flip you
guys off on the webcam I'm saying I want to make love to you and when they flip
you off when they're playing DDR they're really saying I want to make sweet sweet
love to that song I just played that's not the way I always understand it
especially when there's a lot of cursing that doesn't go with the love you know
I've triple A'd that song and I'd like to make sweet sweet love to your mom or something,
I don't know.
Maybe Loki just does it because he heard freeze pop over the intercom when the picture was
taken.
What now?
To my best!
I completely missed that.
Yes, yes you did.
It's funny.
I'm sure it wasn't, but that's okay.
And we have a question from the chat room.
Flair O'Nai says, you want to make love to me, Sky?
In reality, yes, I want to make love to all of you.
And there's a good reason for that,
because you guys are what have made this station so damn great.
And for that, I just want to make love to all of you.
For those of you guys that are in the chat room
and support this show, hey, DDR Angel's running away right now.
Why are you doing that?
I didn't mean now, just someday.
In the metaphorical sense, that doesn't mean I actually
want to take your clothes.
In the metaphorical sense.
You know what I'm saying? Jamie, don't you want to make love to all our listeners in the metaphorical sense?
Hell no!
Do you know where some of those people have been? Some have been with your mother!
Do we have any, like, hot Asian, big-breasted chicks listening? Because...
I am.
Otherwise, you know.
I am, and you can't prove that I'm not.
Yeah, I think I can. But anyways, um, cause I know it's mostly adolescent guys, and I'm not into that, so.
We need to be hitting up our big breasted Asian demographic, god dammit. Cause this is what we're, like, really hurting on, is the big breasted female Asian demographic. You know, age range of, you know, 21 to 28.
Well, maybe you need to think of a show that would cater to the big breasted Asian women. Think about this one.
Big booby chicks.
That'd be a BBC show.
Well, I could think of a couple ideas for a show. However, they would be very inappropriate for the radio.
Like this isn't?
Well, I'm trying to back away from, you know, making, you know, excessive amounts of racial
stereotypes and...
Other people have an idea, ask G4 how they did it.
Now Rai-Chan and Joyce are sitting there in the chat room and they're saying, I've got
the hot, hot Asian over here.
And now they're claiming that there's no, they said, if you don't require big breasts,
but I'm thinking the breasts are just fine.
I'm thinking that they're just being a little self-deprecating.
two women over there listening. Hey, that's two out of, you know, whatever. That's a good
percentage. It's more than one. Yes, Darth Zagre. I'm not commenting. You know what?
Wise. Very wise. If we have the big boobied Asian women show, we can certainly have the
pantsless rage show. That's fine. The what? Old joke. You need to, Loki, you seriously
need to register a site. Just bigbreastedasianchicksonddr.com. Quick, hold his credit card. Maybe our webmaster
can help us make that happen. You know, it's only like, what, nine dollars or something
the register domain name. It's really fucking cheap. I'll just have it point to, you know,
Loki Fusion, so. Anyway, now Rychan and Joyce are arguing about their boobies. I don't know,
maybe we'll get them on the Skype line another week. Sorry guys, but we do have to bring
this show to a close. We're getting towards it. Yes, Loki. I mean, not saying that I'm
hating against, you know, the Asians with smaller breasts. I mean, that's all good.
you mean? You can't hate on it. Like they say,
any more than a handful is a waste. So...
Or is that a mouthful? I can't remember. I think it's a mouthful.
Yes. And we're getting a post to our website here. It says www.bigbreastedasians.com
I'm sure that site already exists, people. I'm sure it does.
Here's the catch though. Big Breasted Asians
playing DDR is the catch.
Oh it doesn't... Bigbreastedasians.com doesn't exist?
Wow.
We need to register Big Breasted Asians and have it point to Orange Lounge Radio.
Big Breasted Asian Women Playing DDR.com certainly doesn't have that.
Alright.
Loki's gonna work on that. I can't believe Big Breasted Asians isn't registered. Somebody can get us that for Christmas and have it point to Orange Lounge Radio.
Seriously, I will point that to Orange Lounge Radio if I can do that. It's only a few bucks. I mean, I could do that. That'd be funny.
Oh, actually, Jason says BigBreastedAsians.com does exist.
He checked.
I just checked and it wasn't there.
It may be registered.
It may be registered with no website.
That's probably it then.
Alright.
I would have a hard time believing that BigBreastedAsians.com wouldn't exist.
Now maybe there could be like BigTittied Asians or BigJugged Asians or well, you know what,
We really need to end this show at this point, I'm thinking.
In order to do that, we have to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Bud, your final thought.
Puppy bowl.
DDR Angel, your final thought.
Um, I don't have one, sorry.
Dark sa- or, actually, Loki, your final thought.
I hope that battery doesn't explode when I'm done charging it and plug it into the monitor,
So it's like I've had really bad luck with batteries.
Lick it first.
My final thought is you better take that shit outside when you plug it in the first time
in case you start any fires.
DarkSakura, your final thought.
Japanese games that have intros in German are awesome.
Tonight's final word, I'm going to give the final word of the show tonight to DDR Angel
because she hasn't said shit tonight, so she needs to get at least one word in.
And thank you guys very much for listening.
We will see you next week, same bat time, same bat channel.
Thanks a lot for tuning in and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't forget ways you can whore us up is you can vote us a five in your player window.
Vote us five stars and listen to us 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Just, you know, whore up our ratings.
We appreciate it.
Love you guys.
All right, Angel.
Tonight's final word.
Bye.
That does it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio Live.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is an Orange Lounge Radio production.
For more information about our station, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
And now, here is your fortune cookie message of the day.
Hi, I'm Cornolio. I need TV for my bunghole.
Screw you!
Do not make my bunghole angry.
Do you have any olio?
Ah, and, Gunterbud, Lord of the Mountains, behold my Patrick Duffy leg!
Are you threatening me?
Go home, you little dildo!
You will give me TV!
Bongoglio?
Kick him in the nads, Beavis.
Aye.
Does not your scrotum need kicking?
Oh my God! They killed Kenny!
You bastard!
You piece of crap! I'll kill you!
Thank you very much for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Another night gone here at the Orange Lounge Studio.
Another work week about ready to start.
Another school week about ready to start.
Sadness.
What?
What, Angel?
I just whispered the death the death game and he didn't even say anything because I
couldn't hear you yeah whisper thing Jamie look like you're about to say
something over there all right guys that's gonna do it for our live portion
please reconnect to the stream in about 30 seconds to resume listening to Orange
Launch Radio, all your favorite DDR2DX and dance media favorites, and we're going to
go tape a podcast to put up tomorrow, so check that out, podcast. Check out Orange Launch
radio to go over on www.orangetoundradio.com. Take care guys, have a beautiful night.
