Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of February 7th, 2005.
And now, the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition.
Your internet radio home for discussion on rhythm and music gaming, and all the news on video games that don't suck.
And now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Loki.
Hello again everybody, and welcome back to our podcast!
Thanks a bunch for subscribing.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky. Joining me as always, awesome co-hosts, we love them,
say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers. Hi. Hi. How are you? I'm not gonna do it. Save it for the
three hour show. All right. www.orangelaunchradio.com, by the way, we're a part of that website,
we could do a three hour show every Sunday night over there. It's tons of fun, and then we have all
the spin-off programming too. But the podcast is something else we bring to you, to talk about
video games that don't suck.
And here's another host that doesn't suck, Loki!
Hi.
Hello.
Um, hope you guys enjoyed the Super Bowl, or as we call it, the Stupid Bowl, or as one
of our listeners called it on Sunday Night Show, the Super Bowl.
That was pretty great.
You know what, nothing against you guys that are into the Super Bowl, but it's just not
for us, really.
And you know what, neither are really football-based video games, or basketball games, or any of
that stuff.
sports video games that you find that you actually enjoy Dark Sakura?
Tecmo Bowl.
Tecmo Bowl for NES, absolutely.
And High Impact for SNES.
My favorites would probably be two old school 8-bit Nintendo games,
Ice Hockey and Blades of Steel.
I went through this whole hockey phase.
Actually, I was kind of impressed with the ESPN game that came out on Xbox.
Because it's pretty...
It looks like you're watching TV.
It's pretty.
I don't know, I just, I feel like, I think we've talked about this on the three hour
show before, but to play a sports game, I feel like I should be outside actually playing
the sport.
That's just me though.
I like sports entertainment games, like Raw and SmackDown.
Yeah, cause that's stuff I would do.
Just for the creative wrestler.
Cause I'm a big baby.
Cause we made the Macho Man.
Loki, your thoughts on sports games?
I don't play sports games, unless you consider, you know, BMX XXX a sports game.
Why not?
They just don't do it for me.
I don't like watching sports normally, and I don't like playing sports games.
I just dislike sports.
I don't know.
Well, if you guys want to talk about sports games, there's some other podcasts out there
where they do talk about it.
Now, if there's anything wrong with that, just not our cup of tea.
We want to talk about other types of video games.
For instance, the games we've been playing this week.
Jamie, what kind of games have you been playing this week?
Guitar Freaks.
Ah, yes.
I yes we broke it back and I played some poppin nine
oh you've had quite a bimani filled week a music gaming week haven't you a couple
days
yeah every time I go home Dan's either playing
well he's now playing snake eater I thought he beat Metal Gear
solid three no no yeah he didn't bother home
bass playing that now but I've been coming home to playing
a guitar freaks it's been funny isn't so cute
so but but at least it's both Konami games
And then you go from like US Konami to Japanese Konami and I don't know and then I was playing
Of course, it's so it's so weird to hear you talk about playing Final Fantasy 11. That was me and Loki's thing. I
Don't play it that much like an hour a day
All right, whatever school that's how it starts. That's how it starts. I have a life me, too
I go to school and the gym and I work I
I work and I drink you exercise your liquor I do you know what I work out I
pick up that heavy bottle of liquor and I pick it up and bring it towards my
mouth it's a little fleck forget it who am I trying to kid
look you would even playing this week other than Final Fantasy not really much
I played some flash games last night that were weird kind of came over the
website it was just um like they had one it was drunken walk where you had to
like make sure your characters balanced otherwise he falls over and passes out
there was another one that was called wheel and it was like it was some weird
flash games there's a lot of really interesting stuff out there that people
make and there's just a lot of fun so mainly that stuff mostly Final Fantasy
though alright as far as the games I've been playing this week a DDR angel who's
a common guest we have on the Sunday show. She's heard me constantly bitching about no
good games out on DS right now. So she decided to bring over Mr. Driller on the DS so I could
check it out because she's like, hey, there's this new game. And I played it a little bit
before like maybe for like five minutes, but I didn't really get to play it a little more
in depth until earlier. And it's kind of neat. I like it. You know, it's the same Mr. Driller
game. There's really not a whole lot that the DS adds to it. It's just like, oh, it's
another freaking mr. driller game but mr. driller is kind of one of those games
where like I really want to get good at it because I like puzzle games a lot
like some of my favorite games or puzzle games like Tetris super puzzle fighter
2 turbo and all that I want to be good at mr. driller but the strategy isn't
clicking for me like I can't figure out how to get good at that game I just I
keep hammering I want to drill down as fast as possible because I think that's
way to do it but it's you have to think about where the bricks are gonna fall
and my brain isn't developed yet it's too tough but yeah mr. driller DS it's
just freaking mr. driller but I guess one cool thing about it is it's got the
whole you know wireless multiplayer thing so it's kind of neat kind of nice
to see DS's do that who was telling me about the DS picked oh chat thing that's
being developed I hadn't read anything on that Loki or yours mentioning
something about this what did you read well it's not really a picked oh chat
thing. It's some, um, god I can't remember which game it is. There's a game coming out
where, while you're playing the game, I think it's even like a puzzle game or something
like that, where you're playing the game and there'll be a little icon or whatever that'll
come up if someone's within distance of you that's in PictoChat and you can quit out your
game to go to PictoChat or use, you know, invite them into a multiplayer game. So it
it was kind of neat and I wished that they would add that to, you know, future games
because it's really something that's lacking. I mean, I think it'd be cool, like, what they
should do is, like, with Xbox online, where you can see, or Xbox Live, where you can see
who's online, what game they're playing, that type of thing. They should have that when
you're walking around the DS, where it's just like, okay, this person's playing this game,
oh, this person's in PictoChat, you know, that kind of thing. And you can, like, send
little PMs to them or whatever to say, hey, you know, come chat with me or hey, I want
to play a multiplayer game with you or something like that.
That's what they need.
I absolutely agree the DS needed something like this from the start and a lot of Xbox
Live games when Xbox Live was first out didn't have this either and they really needed it
because you know, I want to know if certain people around are playing the DS, who's in
PictoChat, what room, it's like when they first advertise the DS, do you remember that
movie they were showing at E3 and they showed like the kid was reading a book
upstairs and the mom was sending a message on PictoChat saying like come
down to dinner well how would the kid ever know that if your DS is off you're
not in PictoChat the thing doesn't beep to let you know somebody's trying to
send you a PictoChat message or anything like that it's like the system now
granted when you see things at E3 it's stuff that's in development so you know
maybe that thing hadn't been finalized or whatever but at least it needs
something where I think you were saying this to me early at least it could show
you like who around you if people are playing DS's around you like when you if
you look at the webcam for one of our Sunday night shows here we do an orange
on radio there's usually five people here in studio all playing DS's there
should be a way to see what game each person around you's playing honestly ds
needs something like that so possibly though something that will be coming out
later something that they might have at e3 who knows I mean I'm sure they haven't
you know they might have you know overlooked it early on but definitely not
overlooked it completely I'm sure there's something out there maybe
there's a reason why they couldn't do that I don't know we shall see all right
I want to talk about some gaming news going on we got a launch date for PSP in
North America it's gonna launch March 24th guess how much it's gonna cost 250
or as they would have you want to know 249 of course that doesn't figure in the
so you really are gonna be paying 250 plus for this and it's gonna come with a
32 megabyte memory stick including oh there will be 24 games that are
confirmed for the launch which is probably more games than the DS has out
now so that's one that's one thing the PSP is gonna have going out the gate so
if I were Nintendo I'd be a little worried right now but PSP has a firm
date set now here's the interesting thing there may be another I think or
what was this deal here it's um okay I'm sorry also in the pack headphones with a
remote control battery pack AC adapter case cleaning cloth game demo so you're
not getting any actual games that are plugged in but if you're one of the
first million people to buy a PSP you get a free copy of spider-man 2 the
movie just for your PSP on UMD format of course. So you have a copy of Spider-Man 2 to take
with you everywhere you go as if you didn't know in the movie on DVD already. I mean talk
about a horde movie. I mean you can get Spider-Man 2 in the checkout lane at the grocery store.
That's how like everywhere this movie is and of course it's a huge movie. It's a very audience
friendly movie. I like the movie. A lot of people like the movie but damn talk about
over saturation I don't know if that's you know that doesn't make me that
excited to be one of the first million people is like ooh I can have spider-man
2 again in my pocket to watch again I'm just wondering if they fixed the
amazing game launcher function I mentioned this one more time for our
listeners the game launcher function where if you twist it your game shoots
out so you can hold up a bank with the game launcher really no Rob okay maybe
not now one of the things that I have to laugh about this is the memory stick
thing with that I'm sure people are gonna have Linux on this in no time
people will install Linux in a shoe box
anything with a monitor they will try to install Linux on did we talk about this
last week I don't remember what show was we talked about Linux being installed on
the iPod
and I'm just like they will install Linux on anything
anything called Linux on an iPod I have seen
they're working on Linux on the DS right now honestly
I kid you not it's so
crazy do they have Linux on Commodore 64 that rocks that's so rocks all right
quick gaming no I want to get to dark sacros advice column for the week I want
to give a quick gaming you know this is a series I played for a little bit I
didn't finish this game though but it was a it was a good game it kind of felt
like watching a movie sometimes though I didn't have a lot of control over the
Zeno Saga, it's getting a sequel. It came out a while ago, it came out, it felt like it came out quite a while ago.
It's just now getting a sequel, February 15th, very soon, Zeno Saga Part 2, developed by Monolith Soft, same studio that did Episode 1.
And Zeno Saga 2 will have more than 100 skills for characters, including Last Revenge, Overload, Double Power.
new to the battle system are double attacks and that would be like a team-up mode where
you do a team-up and you do one big assault so Xenosaga 2. Anybody, did you ever play
the Xenosaga games at all Jamie? No. You didn't just really get into the series? No. I thought
you were the one that turned, I know one of my old, that was, one of my old buddies made
me play it, actually play it, but I thought you were the one that first told me about
it. That was Miklotov, who was into Xenosaga 2. Maybe, I don't know. I don't know where
I did remember, however, the hint to the existence of Xenogears in Final Fantasy 7, when Cloud's
in the hospital, and he's mumbling incoherently, and he says, Xenogias, Z-E-N-O dot dot dot,
G-I-A-S.
All sorts of little inside jokes in those Squeenix games.
Alright, um, we here at Orange Honors Radio, not only do we want to make your lives, I'm
sorry, not only do we want to talk about what's going on in the video game world, but we want
to make your lives better.
Therefore, the usually angsty Dark Sacra has her little advice column for you guys, and
we call it Dark Sacra's Advice Column.
Jamie, what did you bring for us this week?
Today's bit of advice is how to win a bar fight.
State laws stipulate that you may use sufficient force to stop an attack, but you may not deliver
any sort of punitive retribution to your attacker.
Remembering this may save you a costly trip to the court.
Basically, in English, you can stop someone from attacking you but can't budge them back.
Aww.
Can't get your pay back.
Where's the fun in that bar fight?
Eh, this is just how to win.
What about breaking a bottle on their head?
Does that count?
If it's enough to stop them from hitting you again, sure.
Anyway, here's four easy steps to win a bar fight.
Number one, attack the most sensitive areas of your opponent.
Eyes, groin, knee, and throat.
Stay close.
If your opponent is large, he will need room to hit you.
Two, attack repeatedly and be efficient.
Make fast, repeated blows to any or all sensitive areas.
I want a nice, clean, efficient bar fight.
That means kicking the balls repeatedly.
Repeatedly.
Just repeatedly punch the groin.
Number three.
If necessary, use a weapon.
Choices include telephones, pens, bottles, books, beer
mugs, coffee cups, and keys.
Four.
Protect yourself from additional attackers
by fighting with your back too, but not up
against a corner or a wall.
Very interesting.
I also have a little bit more to add to that.
OK.
It's a move that they taught us in my karate class.
OK.
If you happen to be picked up and have the ever-loving chick
squeezed out of you all you have to do is get your hands free and hit them on
the side of the head with your palm I would demonstrate but our listeners
will not see that kind of like how when you do something stupid your mom smacks
you upside the head and goes what were you thinking oh no it's more of like a
tank like with both hands both hands on the side because it will disorient them
oh very interesting thought thank you Jamie for helping to better our lives so
yes next next next time you're in a bar fight you'll win that way next time you
you guys go to the bar and you get in that argument, DSPSP, DSPSP, and then it erupts
into a fight, now you know, kicking the groin repeatedly.
Gouge out the eyes. Exactly.
Make sure that you hit people with your elbow. Let's talk about gaming and movies. Don't
we love it when video games cross over and become movies? Okay, maybe not, but it doesn't
stop it from happening. Guess what game's coming next? Of course, you knew this was
gonna happen variety is reporting that Microsoft has quietly put the finishing
touches on a million-dollar deal with the guy that wrote the movie 28 days
later to adapt halo the movie oh first of all now I like 28 days later that was
a good movie I don't know it was a good zombie movie weird ending but you know
It was a good movie.
We...
Halo movie.
We better not see what the Master Chief looks like.
28 Days Later, a good zombie movie.
Evil Dead, a good zombie movie.
28 Days Later...
What the hell was that?
That was more like what it is.
It's like, you know, we want to kind of do a Dawn of the Dead, but not quite Dawn of
the Dead.
make them run because that's a little different you know they don't normally
run and then we'll just go ahead and make a really shitty ending here's the
weird thing about Halo is that in many aspects it already is a movie so I don't
kind of understand the but of course a lot of the Resident Evil games had a
very movie feel to them and they made a game they made a movie out of that
anyway but I mean yeah I mean they made two movies out of Resident Evil but the
The only movie that should ever be made, and I'm sure Jamie's gonna agree with me on this,
is Red vs. Blue the movie.
Yes!
We need Red vs. Blue the movie.
That is the only way that this movie will be any good, because Red vs. Blue, they could
honestly put that on TV, and that would be entertaining.
I was gonna say Castlevania the movie, which we've been bitching about for years, and no,
Van Helsing was not Castlevania the movie.
I'm sorry.
needs to be like Dracula X version anyway I want to mention this though
because Microsoft thinks that they've learned from mistakes like Resident Evil
Apocalypse and Alone in the Dark which were hated by critics this is what
they've decided here what they're gonna do they're going to develop their own
script and then shop it to studios once it's satisfied so Microsoft's developing
this script internally so could that be good we'll see I think that that's good
because at least then it will stay Halo and not like Hollywood Halo.
Well, it's easy not to fuck up their movie. Don't get into that one guy that made those three movies.
I mean, you know, he's the one that's, you know, crapping out these really shitty scripts.
Actually, I believe Resident Evil and Mortal Kombat were done by one guy,
and then Alone in the Dark and, um, House of the Dead were done by another guy.
Okay, House of the Dead, Alone in the Dark guy, that's the guy that should not touch any scripts for anything ever.
never ever ever touch anything okay
it scares me enough that the guy that you know directed Catwoman
is going to be doing Akira that scares the shit out of me
yes he will be doing the live-action Akira what
yes so look forward to that piece of shit coming out
somewhere
inside I am crying and watch him fully base it off of the anime which would
absolutely suck they'd need to base it off of the manga for it to be any good
hear that I realize you kind of work in the industry a little bit so you pick up
on things like that but where did you hear something like that it was on any
cool news like a while ago they have because they had a whole big thing about
it and how they're like oh god why you know but I don't know don't get me wrong
I love ain't it cool news calm but I hope that's another one of their fake
ass rumors I really do there are some other ones there was um oh god I want to
say who was the James Cameron's gonna be picking up battle angel which is gonna
be good now that would be good James Cameron doing that so I can see that
happening pretty being pretty sweet of course you have the live-action a on
flux movie coming out which should be pretty good I imagine I have issues with
Charlize Theron though but I'll say that for another show anyway moving on
Uh, speaking of movies, now let's go the other way.
Let's talk about movies going into games.
This was a big story this week.
EA is developing a game based on an old movie, The Godfather.
They're doing a Godfather game, and this made news this week because I believe Marlon Brando
was quoted in an interview a long time ago, or somehow an article came up about him this
week.
No, he wasn't quoted, but somebody had said about him that he initially refused the part
he played in the movie The Godfather, he refused that because he felt that the movie glorified
the Mafia. And it turns out he actually has loaned his voice talents to this game. Yes,
he's dead, he did it before he died. This game's been in production for quite some time.
Marlon Brando actually loaned his voice to the game. And what is this game going to be
doing? Glorifying the Mafia, you betcha. And I hear that he's going to be releasing a new
album with Tupac coming out later on cuz you know Elvis and Elvis yeah because
they make new music even after they're dead so anyways you're just thinking
well Robert Duvall and James Caan Robert Duvall and James Caan will also be
loaning their voices to this so that should be interesting and EA is gonna
have a big gala premiere of the Godfather February 10th and guess what
it's gonna be first shown to the public in the New York City neighborhood
of Little Italy. Isn't that cute? Alright, one more news story for you guys tonight.
I'm excited about this. I really am. I saved the best for last. Capcom is going to be doing
a couple new compilations. And you know how they did the Mega Man anniversary collection
last year, which was such a good idea. Oh, it was such a good idea. I was very pleased
with that game. Did you play the Mega Man compilation at all?
I did, but the timing was way off.
Did you play it on GameCube or PS2?
I think that we had Dan try it out on PS2.
Hm.
Because, on the NES, he can do, um, Quick Man's level without using the time stopper.
And, uh, he couldn't do it on the PS2.
But he came home and did it again on the NES.
Interesting.
Hm.
We'll see.
Um, but Mega Man, they're also going to be doing a Mega Man X collection,
because the Mega Man Anniversary Collection did so well, they're going to do a compilation
of all the Mega Man X games.
This really shouldn't be a surprise to anyone.
I think this is kind of a foregone conclusion, but that's pretty cool.
They actually released this little trailer that just, they haven't said exactly what
games are going to be in it, but they did catch one unlockable that's going to be in
the game.
Mega Man Battle and Chase will be an unlockable that's in the Mega Man X.
That's pretty obscure.
That's cool.
Yeah, but I mean if you think about it, the two arcade games that they put in the Mega
collection to begin with were also pretty obscure. Where's Mega Man Soccer? I want that
in a collection. What? You know what they need? Is fucking Mega Man Legends 3, okay?
I love those games. Even a Mega Man Legends online would be awesome, because that could
totally, you know, become an RPG, even though it was like all weird and everything. Capcom,
Capcom, by the way, is also going to be developing a Capcom Classics collection, and it's going
to be basically this compilation of classic games from Capcom.
They haven't said what games are going to be in it, but they're hinting that it will
include old school favorites, such as those that have been seen in the Capcom Generations
compilations that were released in Japan for the Saturn and PlayStation.
I actually have one of those.
I have the Makai Mora set, which is Ghouls and Ghosts, Ghosts and Goblins.
Ooh. See now, I think those are the kinds of things.
And might I say, Capcom,
pretty pretty pretty please, I have a couple requests.
Bionic Commando. Strider.
Magic Sword. Strider.
And Quiz and Dragons. How cool would that be?
Quiz and Dragons. Okay, I'm kidding on the last one.
The thing about Strider is that they released it as part of the Strider 2, which is funny because they even made the changes, because we have the Japanese version and the US version because my fiance is a big Strider fiend.
For any of our listeners who ever frequented any of the Strider sites, he actually had Neo Strider's own back in the day, which is one of the first ones out there.
Wow. Um, but on the first one where he's swinging he sort of goes ha ha ha ha the
whole time. He doesn't do that in the US one and they fully did the US one when they
brought that out. We need, um, we need, uh, Captain Commando. Yes. We need Captain
Commando. Yes we do. And we need the D&D games. And I want Super Slam Masters
again. Super Slam. Well Captain Commando did come out on the PlayStation. It was
3 player. I don't remember that coming out of the PlayStation. It did. I have it. It's
awesome. Alright, we'll see. Oh, I have high hopes for this. I hope it's as good as those
Midway collections. Seriously, those are some of the best collections I've played. And I
hope it's not like the Nintendo collections where they put 20, I'm sorry, they put one
game and released it for 20 bucks on a Game Boy Advance cart. Especially when it's games
that were unlockable in other games, i.e. Metroid. Shame. I mean, a couple of them were
like Zelda was cool but seriously 20 bucks for Donkey Kong I don't think so
that's not the way to do these compilations Midway knows how to do the
compilations I hope Capcom takes the page out of their book as you could just
play Animal Crossing get all those games that's like Animal Crossing it's like a
$240 value or it's one way to think about it all right that's gonna do it
for this podcast Jamie any parting words for our listeners parting words
Loki nope well then I guess I will be apathetic to have a good one thanks for
subscribing to us see you next week guys thanks for subscribing to our podcast
the orange lounge radio to go edition is a proud part of www.orange lounge radio
See you next update!
