Orange lounge radio to go edition week of February 28th
2005 and now the orange lounge radio to go edition your internet radio home for
discussion on rhythm and music gaming and all the news on video games that don't suck and now here your hosts dark sakura sky and
Loki
Hello again, everybody
Welcome to another edition of the orange lounge radio to go edition our
podcast where we get to talk to you about video games that don't suck and
honestly a few that do suck sometimes they just slip in there by chance
joining me as always my lovely co-host say hello to dark Sakura Jamie such as
relative it is what I may think sucks you may think not sucks like freeze pop
don't go there don't go there with me also with us as always the lovable Loki
yes I am you sure are yes I am all right um so let's get right into it what kind
of games you've been playing this week what even up to Jamie lots of Final
Fantasy 11 because that's all I've been conscious for I've been oh yes you've
been battling the to sickness this week so disease and that does it kind of help
you to just sit there and veg out to the role-playing you're like slash slash
cure cure in your case cure cure actually in my case it's been the order
is blind you get your system worked out yeah yeah I have my system worked out
sadly but you're much farther in the game this time than you were the first
time around so yeah I hit level 10 on my sub job what do you think is doing it
for you just the fact that you have more people to play with this time or the
fact that I just have people to play with, in general, since I maybe played for three
months and played with people all of twice.
Okay, alright, so that's it, just Final Fantasy XI?
And some guitar freaks.
Very cool, just for the heck of it.
Because Dan wanted to play.
That's a good reason.
Alright, Loki, what have you been playing?
I played, well I started off the week trying to get some other games, I played a little
bit of Final Fantasy featuring Charlie's Angels, I mean Final Fantasy X-2, and that lost my
interest really quick.
Just too annoying, honestly the voice acting drove me away, it was just, ah, scary.
I couldn't possibly go through that game anymore with Riku yelling some really weird shit,
it's not for me.
So then I went and played a little bit of Derby Owners Club and my horse, i.e.
Children, is doing very well.
Now explain, some folks out there may have never heard of Derby Owners Club because this
podcast goes to a slightly different audience.
What is Derby Owners Club all about?
Derby Owners Club is this game made by Sega.
It's giant, it's huge, it's a good $100,000 cabinet.
Basically what you do is you race and race racing horses and it's pretty much got the
whole jockey thing you train your horses and you you know do the large races and
it's all these two giant screens and you can actually later on the game you can
actually retire your horses breed them together and it all uses those magnetic
cards that you might have seen on like you know initial DM you know f0 GX that
type of thing hmm I should scan some of my cards for our listeners you shouldn't
put them on the way because not a lot of people have seen this game I have a
horse named Britney Spears somewhere. She might still be in my wallet. I remember Polteri. Yes, I had a horse named
Polteri as well. I have Magical Sound, who's retired. I have Last Message and Shiroi that's an all-white horse, which is
like one of the rarest ones. And I have Gongoro, who's a panda. I also had a horse named George Bush at one point. Yes. Because, you know, so I could whip him. This is fun.
The other horse racing game I like was Daytona. Remember Daytona and the horse code that they had?
What was the game that they used to have at the bowling alley here in town where you would ride the horse humping machine? What was that?
That was Final Furlong.
Final Furlong! Oh god, that game was hilarious.
I think they still have that game to be honest.
Really?
I didn't see it when I was there a couple weeks ago.
Well, I know they had it at one time they had it at Paradise Island the other arcade near us
Oh, I remember seeing that but I remember the first time I played them like this looks like fun
And it just looks like you're humping the horse. It's just the weirdest thing
There's only a few arcade games and when I watch people play it, they make me giggle every time
That's one of them and prop cycles the other ones
Prop cycles cool though. That's like a good laugh
I'm on I like when it's I want to sit
Kind of position myself next to the back of the bike and like feel the breeze especially after a game of DDR
You know, I worked at a Namco arcade when prop cycle came out. Well, that's my boss. I would get there early to play it
I actually do have prop cycle in the main cabinet and sadly enough something is lost in the transition
It's absolutely it is not the same prop cycles one of those games. It cannot be emulated because it's not exercise bike to it
Maybe now that would work. It doesn't work too. Well, it's kind of
of laggy, very very laggy. Well, technology will get better eventually, but it's a great
game. But it just makes me giggle because you've got this person on the bike pedaling
around. It's just a funny thing to see in our game. What about the rowing game at Dave
and Busters? That is very cool. I don't even remember the name of that game. It's just
the rowing game. They have that also at Paradise Island. Wow. That's a lot of fun to play,
especially when you've been drinking. God bless Dave and Busters, a place where you
can drink and then play games even though the games are extremely overpriced
as are the drinks still fun one thing though in the defensive final for long
is that it's a really good out workout it is I got very tired playing that game
all right anything else you've been playing besides Derby owners club and
your horse I eat children um see what else have I been playing really I
haven't played anything other than that I don't think oh we played a little bit
the guy game this week. Oh damn you, I was going to bring that up. Me and Loki were playing
the guy game this week. Well, I'll let you talk about it. All I will say is I played
the game. Alright, I'll fit in. I was playing the game and you know, some folks may be surprised
by that statement because I know the rumors that are going around about me and they're
all true. But you know what? Playing those kinds of games are fun once in a while, dammit.
You know, you get to see boobs and that's funny. So we were playing this game and man,
The girl that I decided to play as, she was so ugly.
So ugly.
And I won, so my girl got to do a lap dance at the end, and everybody was like, God no!
As I put it earlier in the other show, she was a cross between, um, I would say Tori
Spelling and Bea Arthur.
So it was China?
Kind of, except like, you know, with blonde.
She had the Tori Spelling horse face.
there's this one thing picture of her where she's wearing like an orange 90
and it looks like she just ate a baby it really does because she spread it out
it's sort of like the color because it was like it wasn't too crisp of color it
kind of matched her skin color so it looked like she just blew up and I
remember exclaiming oh my god she exploded and Loki's girlfriend was just
in stitches for like 15 minutes was funny so was I I was it was funny too
bad there's not gonna be a sequel because that lawsuit and everything
makes me sad I'm sure there will be the lawsuit I bet you because they'll
probably say oh well you know breach of contract or whatever you know or there's
got to be some sort of protection do breach of contract because any contract
created with a minor is how would you I mean how what kind of protection do
companies have against people that are going to matter to them the contract is
still voidable whether they know the age or not if they are of the age of minority within
their state then there is no there technically is no contract that's true legally there is
not a contract I think they could probably still sue them they can't see there but they
could they can take a suit of there is a suit they could probably take against their parents
for allowing the unless she's emancipated but exactly it would be her parents responsibility
for letting her go to the spring break, I think, and publicly flash people.
And I'm sure they could also, you know, bring up some sort of, well, I don't know, I don't
know.
Doesn't that be child endangerment?
They can't really go against the parents, um, except for, perhaps, expenses, but that's
not really it.
Um, legally, though, there's nothing the company can do.
They were in the wrong.
Hmm.
I don't know, but couldn't they, like, you know, take losses or something?
Couldn't they blame the losses of this game because they had to pull it off the shelves
out on these parents?
You know what, long story short, it's too hard to see the boobs in that game anyway.
Seriously, you gotta cheat if you really want to see the boobs.
So you know, I mean, come on, you're not ever gonna see this.
I didn't even realize it though, when we played, you know, yesterday, I thought there was like
three different sets of pictures, then I went and scrolled down, there was like a good seven
or eight sets, I'm like, holy crap, I'm like, I have to go through all of this.
Yeah, that was a lot of boobs.
Alright, let's move on.
Let's change the topic to something else that is completely on another topic, completely
from boobs to the family-friendly Nintendo.
Now we've kind of been speculating that Nintendo's going to do this for quite some time, but
they're actually going to do this new thing with the DS, and they're going to start testing
this in Japan, where you can actually use these kiosks in selected stores around Japan,
and you can download things to your DS, which, you know, duh, we kind of suspected something
like this would happen for a while it's just a you know an obvious side effect
of the technology it is an awesome idea and this is the cool thing you're gonna
be able to download demos onto your DS so if you ever walked in to like a
GameStop and you've been wanting to play the demo that's there but some damn
seven-year-old kids been sitting on there for the past two hours and while
his mom's in Victoria's Secret or something left her kid in GameStop and
you've been wanting to play the demo but the damn kid won't get off well now you
won't have to worry about that stuff anymore you just download the DS demo
right under your DS and you could just walk out the store and play it in the
food court as long as you don't turn your DS off you could still have that
demo they actually sort of did that with the GBA like in Animal Crossing kind of
yeah could play the game on your on your GBA but you know if you turned it off
you lost it of course and that's probably where this idea started to
stem from because unfortunately you had to have the GameCube and the wire and
everything but now that we got bluetooth and wireless hey that is also from what
I hear that's what they're doing with the Nintendo Revolution system, the brand new
console system that they're going to be unveiling, is the connectivity with that is going to
be similar to what the advance was with the GameCube.
I would be shocked, I would be absolutely shocked if the Revolution did not have some
type of Bluetooth thing that will communicate with the DS.
Well they were talking about what was, I think it was either a PS3 or Xbox 360 or 2 or whatever
the hell they're calling it now, where they were seeing that out of the box, I think it
was the Xbox, that all their controllers are wireless. They're all going to be wireless.
Well that's not a bad idea either, honestly. It's time for that to happen too. So we can
lose the controllers right along with the remotes, honestly. It's time for that to start
happening. What's also interesting is the game Jam with the Band. There's this game
they have in Japan. They don't have it here yet. I don't remember if they have plans to
bring this over here yet or not but you can actually download additional music
for this game via the kiosks so and it saves to your DS somehow and I never
knew the DS had a type of drive in it but it must have some type of memory
flash or something because the information will actually save but I
guess if you think about it Loki aren't the games just on flashcards anyway so
maybe when you're downloading the information it's going right onto the
game. I have no idea how that works. Enlighten me, Tecmasa.
I have no idea. I'm sorry, I'm being distracted by Tekken 5 here. Okay, we're gonna turn that
off. That's alright. Alright. Well then I suppose we will get into Tekken 5 news. Let's
talk about Tekken 5. Tekken 5 is out? It really just kinda came out in the middle of nowhere.
Like I remember mentioning it. It came out Friday. But really, it was like, dang, all
sudden Tekken 5 is out. And here's the crazy thing about Tekken 5. It's got Tekken 1, 2,
and 3 all in it. And, and, and, and Star Blade. That's so cool. You know how I think it was
Tekken, the first Tekken or Tekken 2 had like a Galaga. Yeah. For the loading game. That's
That's right.
And has freakin' Starblade as the loading game.
Talk about a step up there.
That's pretty cool.
Ridge Racer had Galaga.
Huh.
But a lot of the Namco games had loading games.
Interesting.
Now have you gotten a chance to play match of Tekken 5 at all yet?
I unwrapped it before we walked out of the door, literally.
Gotcha.
So you haven't really had a chance to tell.
But you played the arcade version.
Yeah.
I played it in Alabama.
Cause it, you know, I went right to, the only arcades in my hometown are Namco arcades.
Unless you count, um, Ground Zero and that's just privately owned.
But, um, first thing I did was make a beeline to Tekken 5 cause Tekken 5 had just recently come out in California
but it had been out, um, at all the Namco arcades ages ago.
So no one was there, I got to play it as much as I wanted to.
Very cool.
Um, okay, so, I'm looking forward to playing this game. I'll give you a full review on Tekken 5 as soon as I can.
Next week.
Next week! Yes, Loki and I will both- we will duel to the death on Tekken 5.
I suck at Tekken, so that'll be great.
I'll get to own you both.
I'm not that great at Tekken. Jaime will kick both our asses, honestly.
I like Hoa Rong, because he has this really cheap move I always do with him.
Is he in Tekken 5?
Yes.
Oh, he better be. Good! Yay! I'm saved.
And of course, my man Jean is in there.
You can tell I'm such a Tekken 5 noob and I have not touched the arcade version yet,
but seriously, every time I want to go play in the arcade, huge line, huge!
I have my card, I haven't been able to use it since I came back in the state.
Now that, now, it kind of doesn't seem like there was much time between the arcade release
and the home release, but I guess what you're saying about the Namco.
I remember the little movie at E3 and then, bam, arcade, whoa.
Bam, arcade, and then bam, home version, it's like, yeesh.
Alright, let's go ahead and move on to
one other quick story. Very interesting announcement. We've had
something Nintendo and something Sony with tech and now let's get to something
Xbox. Microsoft. Hironobu Sakaguchi
has joined up with Microsoft to develop role-playing game video games
exclusively for
the upcoming next-gen Xbox system. Why is this such a big deal?
Well, if you didn't recognize the name, Sakaguchi is the creator of the Final Fantasy franchise.
Very interesting.
Good for them.
I'd like to see them expand on games like Fable.
The Xbox needs some, like, different variety kinds of games, I think.
I think Fable was a good place for the Xbox to go, despite how you might feel about that
game.
It was kind of like, what is the Xbox really freaking lacking?
Oh, a good RPG.
well finally you get fable way later so I think this is a good direction for
Microsoft to be looking into so just my thought I don't know any other thoughts
from you guys I could definitely hopefully they're gonna be making some
good games maybe an online game I would hope for an online game I don't know
about MMO because I'm kind of headed up to here with MMOs but I don't know I
guess that's where the money's at right I'll wait and see wait and see all right
Alright, now of course we here at Orange Lounge Radio, we're not just here to fill you in
on all the video game news that doesn't suck, but we're here to better your lives as well.
But what better way to do that than allow Jamie to give you her advice column.
So Dark Sakura, turn that anger that you usually have on our three hour program at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
and turn it into a little bit of love for our listeners.
I swear you people I give you good advice you never follow it so here's
some advice did someone fail a lie detector test last week I guess so all
right we have a bunch of liars yes and his name is mr. Jackson today's advice
is how to get to the surface if your scuba tank runs out of air number one
signal to your fellow divers that you are having a problem point to your tank
or regulator. 2. If someone comes to your age, share his or her regulator, passing it
back and forth while swimming slowly to the surface. 3. If no one can help you, keep your
regulator in your mouth as air may expand in the tank as you ascend. Look straight up
so that your airway is as straight as possible. 4. Swim to the surface at a moderate rate.
Exhale continuously as you swim up but do not exhaust all of your air in the first few
seconds of your ascent.
If you do not exhale continuously, you risk an aneurysm.
And another bit of the thing to add to that, just don't go scuba diving.
If people were meant to swim that deep, they'd have gills, like in Waterworld.
if you go scuba diving go down like maybe 20 feet at the most you snorkel
did you actually see the water world movie okay I know they had gills I know
it sucked well I don't Costner of course I know I just made a comment about not
wanting to talk about MMOs but I had to mention this one
anarchy anarchy anarchy online players will soon be seeing advertisements on
on billboards that are stationed in central regions of the game's landscape
uh... they're teaming up with the new york city based massive
uh... the folks that create anarchy online and uh... they're going to be
putting ads inside the game
what do you think about ads in m m o s
i hear though the game's gonna go free
i think i guess now that would make sense why there's ads in it i suppose but
seriously funding
after the news that we got about the slash pizza in a request to last week
with the pizza hut
I mean, this is a totally obvious-
To be honest, I mean, in a game like that, I don't really- I haven't ever played Anarchy
Online, but if it's on billboards or something, I really don't see that deterring away from
the game really that much.
I mean...
If it were in Final Fantasy XI, though, that would totally detract.
Yeah, that would make no sense.
Oh, I can't wait for the day- I can't wait for the day when I go into one of my Burning
Circle Notorious Monster battles and it's like, Pepsi presents the Burning Circle Battle!
Britney Spears coming out singing a song, and then you get to attack the monster, who
is Britney Spears actually?
You know, like, I can understand something like that, say, in Matrix online, where you're
going to have billboards and ads.
Right.
In that type of environment, something like that would make sense.
That would actually be a good way to-
Powerade.
Just like in the game, you know?
But that would actually be a good way to get a little bit of extra money in there.
But like, in something that's, you know, like, I wouldn't see it in Ragnarok online.
No, to be honest if they're gonna put ads in a game and then they're gonna like say
I don't know make it free or reduce the fees. It's gonna cost her a month
Of course, you're gonna get people everybody. I'm fucked that I don't care, you know
Hey, as long as I mean really long as it's not pop-ups cuz I fucking hate pop-ups
Well, that's gonna turn from the game
It's all about you know gameplay and these good things
You know, otherwise you're gonna get people not gonna you know, shell out the 20 bucks or whatever
It is a month to play these things. So
So, you know, why not? I don't see a problem with it, and Anarchy Online seems like to me it's a pretty dynamic game as it is, pretty futuristic and stuff.
So I guess it could fit in a few billboards, who cares? Whether it be some generic thing that doesn't exist or an actual product, who cares?
I mean, it doesn't detract from the game that much, and even if they have like, you know, what is it, maybe even vending machines or something that we're like strewn about,
You know or other crap, you know product placement and stuff. It really doesn't matter
How about like in Duke Nukem 3d where I could blow those vending machines up?
That would be awesome actually, but I'm just saying it's I don't like this ad. It's not a big deal
I think would know these ads being in there
It's when they go a little bit beyond that when you know
Your loading screens have you know ads in it and like all that stuff that might get annoying
But I think just screwing about making it actually fit the environment. I don't think that's a big deal
Well, we shall see how far they take this idea, because anything they can advertise
on they'll do it.
I'm still waiting for my slash pizza and slash porn, but you know, no luck yet.
Alright, back to Nintendo, they're going to be releasing a whole lot of titles in May,
including Pokemon Emerald and Fire Emblem The Sacred Stones.
Also coming out in May, Donkey Konga 2 and Geist.
any of those games gonna be on the DS actually no they are all being released
for the not not Pokemon it I'm sorry Pokemon emerald and fire emblem of
course our Gameboy advanced titles Donkey Kong 2 and Geist GameCube titles
no do you know DS titles Wow only one in February gee I don't think the PSP is
gonna blow them out of the water when it gets released you mean the great game
shooter yes the great game shooter Pokemon emerald of course being the
next saga in the put it's it's another Pokemon game what else do I need to say
it's another freaking Pokemon game you know I remember another console system
a while back that actually had pretty good graphics but no games for it I
don't know if anyone remembers the Atari links oh yes we've got links we have a
bunch of games for you you have everything just because you own it
doesn't mean it was successful you have everything it was awesome and it had
Great commercial where the kids not got a class to sit in the bathroom to play it and the links had tempest 2000 which was
My point beam though. Is that if they oh, no, never mind. I'm getting the links Jaguar. Hello
I'm getting the links mixed up with the Jaguar. That's my see that's how much I played these systems. What?
If I had a ruler and was a nun
Whatever the point being is is the fact that they have the lack of games is gonna kill that system
And sadly enough if they really need to get on the ball here with you know getting even like third parties
But it can play the advanced games the pac-man marble goodie guess what the gameboy advance can play the gameboy games
But you know what that doesn't matter
We need marble madness
damn, sir crystal castles
Using the stylus as a trackball that would be a good idea for like Atari or somebody to put out
I believe they're doing it good smart people
Fire Emblem of course is the long-running
Strategy RPG series and it'll have new characters yada yada Donkey Kong is the game with a bongos
You know music game lots of fun Geist you will be in the role of a ghost who possesses people
So it's a game about possessing people that sounds kind of cool. No that sounds pretty cool, but it's already been done
I'm wondering why they're just now jumping on fire. Oh, wait a second. There's been like seven other versions out in Japan
Cuz it's just now starting to take off here
I was a game out there that I saw at e3 where he possessed stuff including like a dog food bowl now
That might have been guys though. Yeah, that probably was guys. Never mind. I sound like an idiot. It's all right. Nothing. Nothing abnormal
Lastly
Little piece of news here the fable soundtrack is coming out or it just came out recently and it has the fable theme
Which was created by Danny Elfman, of course, you know, we can go boy go
And it's being released by something else
Sum something else studios and it has a lot of the score as well by Russell Shaw, which kind of makes me think
Why the hell don't more video games get soundtrack releases seriously do in Japan just about every game that comes out
Well, sure, in Japan, but I'm talking about America, so I don't have to pay-
What's happening more often?
But for games like Fable, what about games like DDR getting full soundtracks?
I guess they have the VRares, I guess, but there's other games with great soundtracks
as well.
Katamari Damacy, hello.
Yeah, that had great music.
Where's the domestic soundtrack release?
Although, um, I know that, um...
Of course, the soundtrack will probably cost as much as the game, but hey.
Well
there are games that
they put soundtracks out for like I
Have to think about it actually or dad. You know what they could do they did well for all of the
Grand Theft Auto games yeah, you know they could do though. Why don't they just near release Katamari Damacy
Special Edition including the soundtrack in a poster sell it for 30 bucks there you go
Guess what you made your money, and you sold the game again. That's so
Like in Korea and include a umbrella.
Because guess, because you know what people out there are buying special editions.
That's a brand new thing now that they're doing with all these games that are coming out.
Tekken 5 special edition, 100 bucks.
Exactly, and it's just, that's the thing, that's, you know, if you want your soundtrack, put it in the special edition.
That's the way to do it.
Alright, that's gonna wrap it up for tonight's podcast.
Thank you guys very much for downloading us and staying loyal to our show. We appreciate it.
Jamie, any parting words for our listeners tonight?
L.
Loki.
Ultracade trying to copyright MAME is bad.
Do not play Ultracade and fight this to the death.
Not only is it bad, but it's stupid and they have no legal grounds.
It's so bad it should have its own word. It's like bad wrong or badong.
Sorry, that's a Kung Pao reference there.
And my final thought I guess would be, thou shalt kick an Ultracade machine when you see
it.
Have a great one everybody, we'll see you next time.
