Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition week of February 21st, 2005.
And now, the Orange Lounge Radio To Go Edition.
Your internet radio home for discussion on rhythm and music gaming,
and all the news on video games that don't suck.
And now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Loki.
Hello everybody! One more time, thanks a bunch for tuning into,
subscribing downloading whatever it did to get this podcast thanks a bunch for
listening my name is Rob Roberts you might know me as sky joining me as
always my awesome co-hosts say hello to dark Sakura I found my shadow again oh
boy the return of the ferret how we've missed it you feeling okay dark
improving hmm is your aim and my aim is improving I'm feeling kind of crappy
tonight i'm sorry to hear it did you have a good week off though pretty good why is it why are you
feeling crappy then allergies oh that sucks and uh also joining us say hello to loki hi hi loki
you also kind of look crappy what i have a cold oh jeez everybody's sick except me i'm peppy
happy lip you shut up all right let's get into uh video game news that doesn't suck well and
maybe it's some sucky news but we'll see uh dark sacra what have you been playing this week what
What have been into I guess I should say what even playing for the past two weeks
Wow what a fun game only $49.95
Okay, sounds good. We'll go over to Loki. What do you been playing this week? I've been playing my computers broken. What happened
I think the power supply went out
Uh, all I know is the power supply was very fucking hot, and I shut off the compu- well,
I was running through town as my mule in Final Fantasy XI and I was like pew, off.
Did your computer finally just decide to tell you, look buddy, you play too much of this
damn game, you need a break?
No, it, I think it's the power supply because it's, it was literally really hot.
I mean, I, I was touching the case and the case was actually burning my fingers, I mean,
That's not usually a good sign if that's happening, and I think the power supply is just shot.
Could be all the dust that was in there, it just might have stopped the fan and then the
power supply overheated and just died.
So I got by a new power supply and that sucks.
Before that, I was playing Final Fantasy XI, a little bit of Matrix online, and when I
say a little bit of Matrix online, I cannot stress how little I've been playing.
I played through the tutorial again and got bored with it again and then um what else
did I do um I was playing this stupid game that was like it was another freeware game
where you launch gnomes into the air and you like see how far you can get them to fly and
I don't know that was amusing for about five minutes and then uh that's about all I've
have been playing I'm gonna actually start getting into some more console
games this week since my computer's down so now heaven forbid yeah you might have
to play some console games this week what are you gonna do well I'm hopefully
gonna get my Grand Theft Auto San Andreas back because I want to play that
but if not I guess shutter I guess I could start and play through maybe with
cheating of course because I can't play these games legitimately Final Fantasy X
two oh my gosh 10 all right yes we this was a big issue a while back on the
three-hour program that we do over at orange lounge radio.com we actually
wrote squeamix we wrote them an email and said you need to tell us how this is
pronounced is it X 2 or 10 2 because this is a huge argument between Jamie
and our chat room and turns out Jamie was right oh it's 10 2 which it's so
silly though it's 10-2 but I mean it makes sense at the same time. What can you call this Final Fantasy X-I?
Sometimes I call it FFXI for sure. There are too damn many Taro Taro on my screen. Anyway, Jamie
are y'all cleaned up all better? Yeah I was playing Final Fantasy 11. This week that's all you've been
playing this week? In Silent Hill 3. Oh in Silent Hill 3. And Super Punch-Out. Right on Super Punch-Out. Hey you
know what Super Punch-Out if I remember right it kind of came out towards the end of the Super
Nintendo it was kind of overlooked it feels like it seems like not a lot of
people knew about super punch how everybody knew Mike Tyson's punch out
maybe it's just my neck of the woods gratis 3 good choice which is like the
only version I think that with Dan and I could be what what possessed you to get
into Silent Hill 3 as opposed to for other me okay and actually the Xbox
wasn't hooked up it's just it's as simple as that sometimes yeah that was
it that's for games I've been playing this week WarioWare touched I went out
and got Tuesday the day came out I loved the WarioWare original on Game Boy
Advance wasn't such a fan of the one on Game Boy or Game Boy GameCube because
the problem with it for me is it was just a rehashed version of the same
thing I'd already played and not that it was necessarily a bad game per se
because the multiplayer stuff was hilarious, but I just got really annoyed that I fell
into that Nintendo trap of buying the same thing, just a little bit better, a little
newer, so it made me mad and I only played it a couple times. But now, WarioWare Touched
is out and it's not a rehashed version, it's got like 180 new games, it's awesome. The
only thing that kind of bugged me about it is that I played it so much that I pretty
much unlocked everything after just two days of sitting down with it for a couple hours
and playing it so I kind of I've got one thing left to unlock and that's the one
where you've got to go play everything every little game and get the scores it's
gonna take me forever but I do love WarioWare and it's just so cool with the
pen it's a little weird because they have microphone games mixed in now and
every microphone game is some type of blowing so it's like draw draw draw draw
draw draw it's kind of WarioWare but hey if you like the original WarioWare if
If you like Feel the Magic XXXY, very similar, you'll like WarioWare Touched.
I like the Parrot.
Yeah, the Parrot minigame is very cool.
Because we couldn't get to work at first, but then we finally did, and that was the best.
Some of the unlocks are so weird.
Like, the original WarioWare had some awesome unlocks.
Like, it had Dr. Wario that you could get in it,
and it had the little game you got with the little bird that would eat the things that fall down from the sky.
WarioWare Touch doesn't have quite the same cool unlocks. Like, you can unlock a calculator.
You can unlock a fortune teller. You can unlock a yo-yo.
What was the gelatin thing?
Yeah, one of the unlocks is a piece of jello. It's the custard game.
And all you do is you poke it with your stylus and it goes boing-boing-boing-boing when you poke it with the stylus.
That's all it is. It's crazy.
But that's the kind of thing you come to expect from WarioWare.
So it's all good.
All right, let's get into some news that's going on this week.
Jamie was mentioning about Xbox.
So this is certainly important to announce.
Check the date on the bottom of your Xbox to see when it was
manufactured, because if it was pre-October 2003,
specifically October 23, 2003, you're entitled to a power
cord replacement.
Check out Xbox.com for the details.
But apparently, the old power cord was causing some Xboxes
overheat and possibly catch fire careful so we we checked the the date on mine
and luckily it was in 2004 so I'm okay which is good because I'm lazy and I
probably never call the claim I might need to replace yet one for the orange
box because oh wait so check it out you may be eligible for this xbox.com for
more information since you guys love to talk about Final Fantasy 11 and hey I do
do too. It's only natural that we mention this about Final Fantasy XII. Fans that are
eager to get their hands on Final Fantasy XII may have to keep waiting. It may not be
released in the spring of 2005 as it was previously anticipated. However on the bright side, Squeenix
is trying to release a new game every month starting April 1st. April 1st being the two
year anniversary of when Square and Enix merged, or as we lovingly call them, Squeenix.
So we're gonna see it at E3 this year again, it sounds like, which is kinda weird.
It has then been brought to my attention that it's supposed to be Squenix, because the CEO
of Enix actually said Enix.
Right, and that's fine, calling it Squenix, but I like Squee, like Squee!
So we call it Squenix.
I know it's not supposed to be Squenix, but you know, who calls it Squenix?
Asian girl in the commercial. This is an exciting story
for those you guys that are fans of Mario Kart. They're making an arcade
version of Mario Kart.
Don't get too excited, it's only announced for Japanese arcades right now
but then again
F-Zero AX was only supposed to be in Japanese arcades at first and it did end
up coming to America albeit very limited release because the machines were very
expensive.
But Mario Kart is coming to Japanese arcades. Here's the weird thing though.
It's using the Triforce system, which is Nintendo, Namco, and Sega.
Now they haven't said anything about what Sega's involvement is with this game necessarily,
but Namco sure as heck is involved because Ms. Pac-Man and Pac-Man and Blinky are all
going to have their own carts.
So you can race Mario versus Pac-Man.
And we were kind of talking about this earlier on the three hour show.
What if you could play a Sonic or some of the Sega characters?
I still hope that Sonic doesn't get a car.
Yeah, Sonic would just run alongside him.
They also need Mappy.
That would be cool, Mappy from Namco.
And Nights needs to be in it, but Nights needs to fly.
And the dude from Katamari Damacy, the prince.
Yeah, he needs to roll a Katamari.
You know they're gonna have all these inside jokes
in the background and stuff.
Anyway, that's very exciting.
It's gonna use the card system as well.
You know the, like, Initial D and F-Zero AX had?
The little magnetic card that you can use in the game?
This is gonna have that as well.
so very exciting news keep your fingers crossed that this stuff comes over to
america cuz I bet it'll be a big hit
even though I don't know if it's just me but arcades
just not as cool as they used to be. It's a bunch of ticket eaters now
you know what they need to make another game like star blade was with the giant
rotating machine
cool they need to
something else for me to if I'm gonna pay 75 cents or
a dollar a game I want the machine to move with me in it
How about just another Dragon's Lair?
Those games are cool.
We do need another game like that.
How about an arcade version caught the Mario Damacy with a trackball?
That'd be cool.
A giant trackball.
Yes.
Here's a game that's been at an arcades recently and it's coming to the console very soon.
Tekken 5 is coming out February 25th.
It's the first game that's been released since, of course, Tekken 4 in the Tekken series,
but that was back in 2002, so this is the first one we've had in a while.
gonna sell for $49.99. Of course there's going to be a premium set that comes
with a special controller designed specifically for Tekken 5 and a Tekken
themed 6 disc DVD case $99.99 if you want that. So, hmm, PlayStation 2 February 25th.
I know you were a big Tekken girl, Dark Sakura. I love Tekken. Any thoughts on Tekken 5?
Are you excited about this?
I'm so happy, and then once the game comes out, I get the poster at Dan's Game Stop to
put in my cubicle.
You just want the free stuff.
Dude, it's coming with, um, the first three!
Alright.
So, how can you go wrong with that, having arcade perfect versions at home?
Instead of having to use our, uh, um, the main cabinet?
How does the Tekken 5 cards work?
I mean, this may sound like such a dumb question, but I never really got into the Tekken games,
especially in the arcades, because the people in the arcades are scary good and I cannot
waste money playing them, they will school me 11 ways from Tuesday.
You can, um, put it, you buy the card, you choose a character and you raise your character
on that card. You can actually accessorize them, get them like hats and different outfits
and things. So it's Barbie Tekken. Sort of. But you also save your improvements that you
make with the character too.
Alright, speaking of improvements, Orange Lounge Radio To Go is here to better your
life and what way to do it better than Dark Sakura and her advice column.
Her piece of advice for the week to help make your life a little bit better.
Alright and she's going to be giving that to us and she missed out on last week so it
has to be twice as good this week.
Today's advice is how to fool a lie detector test, which everyone needs to know in case you're ever arrested.
Number one. Examiners will administer a pre-test before the actual polygraph to create a baseline of reactions.
During the pre-test, force yourself to breathe faster than normal and display confidence. Never appear nervous or shy.
Number two. Maintain eye contact with the examiner. Do not fidget.
Do not, however, sit completely still. Move something subtly but regularly. Your toes, your fingers, hips, etc.
3. Do not try to anticipate the questions you will be asked. Think positive and relaxing thoughts.
4. When answering control questions truthfully, bite your tongue slightly.
This hopefully will give a false reading. Examiners may find it impossible to
decipher your test because the readings are inconsistent, as in they show stress
both when you're answering truthfully and when you could be lying. A little bit of
trivia about the polygraph. Interesting. The guy who created the polygraph is
also the creator of Wonder Woman. No way! And her golden lasso is a tribute to the
an eye detector. Wow, you learn something new every day. Yeah. This program being no
exception. Interesting, so. He was also into bondage and SNM. Thanks for sharing. You know,
that explains a lot about Wonder Woman. It really, really does. Yep. Wow. Um, this is
interesting because apparently what's going on right now is there's a new bill going around
California legislature legislation right now where they are trying to pass a new
bill that will limit the sales of M rated games to minors in other words
it's gonna make it illegal to sell M rated games to minors what do you guys
think about this the games are intended for people over the age of 17 anyway so
I don't see why that's a problem is this is this an excuse for lazy parenting
though? Yes. As I always say, parents need to do their job. Don't rely on the
government to do your job for you. I'm okay with this law and all. I don't think
it's such a bad thing, but I think it's kind of an excuse in a way, you know. Why
aren't the parents being more involved? The parents should know what games. Who's
giving the money to the kids? Because if you're under 17, chances are you don't
have a job. Maybe you do. Maybe you do. And if that's the case, they're probably
also old enough to know what games are good for you and what games aren't so my
question is if the parents are giving the kids the money shouldn't the parents
know where the money's going I don't get it but I'm okay with the bill I mean
whatever if you have any feedback you can email us to go at orange launch
radio comm anything that has to do with what you hear on the orange launch radio
to go edition again that's to go to go at orange launch radio comm think of
Togo and Slana. Exactly. And then think of us. Exactly. Some other interesting
announcements going on this week, Midway sent out a press release that they are
reviving the Gauntlet series. They're gonna be releasing a game called Gauntlet
Seven Sorrows. Need game badly. Blending an intuitive combat system, accessible
role-playing game elements, and new junction skills, Seven Sorrows features
the dynamic co-op it's known for and for the first time ever, it is online
supporting up to four players hmm so that's pretty cool seven sorrows is the
fusion of fantasy fighting action with a strategy of user-friendly RPG elements
providing gamers a deep engaging gameplay experience complete with solo
play co-op and an online community the new fighting system allows for easy
pickup and play while simultaneously offering deeper choices for more advanced
players additionally online role-playing game and collection elements add
significant replay value to the game not all coming from their press release
remember don't shoot the food so basically this sounds like gauntlet
legacy except you know now it's going to be online and I got to admit I wasn't
all into gauntlet legacy I mean it was it was okay it was kind of Diablo to me
but the original was just so good and then this new one comes along and I
don't know it just seems repetitive granted the old one wasn't I don't know
repetitive seemed to be okay back then I don't know how to explain it but gauntlet
the original didn't feel quite as repetitive as legacy did but maybe it's
just me maybe I didn't give the game a fair enough chance any thoughts you know
I tried to get into it we played it at home a bit on the n64 but I wasn't even
into field gauntlet I had it on Dreamcast I wasn't even into the old
gauntlet at all I liked gauntlet 2 on NES how's my favorite Loki any thoughts
on gauntlet I like gauntlet legends cuz I is always pojo pojo all the time I was
a giant chicken walking around shooting fire was that like a code or something I
never knew about that there was a code you could be pojo the entire time and
that was I think it was egg and then 911 was the password oh boy
interesting and also coming from Midway I think this is interesting they're
They're going to be releasing Midway Arcade Treasures 3.
So you know Midway Arcade Treasures has been doing very well, the series.
They're put together really great, and if you're a fan of classic gaming at all, I highly
recommend the games, Midway Arcade Classics 1 and 2, these treasure games.
Now they're going to do a 3, but I'm a little weirded out by 3 because this is the deal
with 3.
It's only going to be, it's not going to be 20 games, it's only going to be 8 games because
there's somewhat newer games in here.
And here's the other weird thing, they're all racing games.
You're gonna get Badlands, Hydro Thunder, Off-Road Thunder, Race Drivin', San Francisco
Rush, San Francisco Rush 2049, Stun Runner, and Super Off-Road and the Bonus Tracks Pack.
That sounds cool, that'd be best if it was Multi-Tap or something.
Hydro Thunder was pretty cool, Off-Road Thunder was awesome, that game was pretty sweet, and
San Francisco Rush and Rush 2049, those are pretty sweet.
they didn't say Arctic Thunder did it? It did not. But it's all about Hydro Thunder
because Dan and I on Dreamcast, we played Hydro Thunder like crazy and I used to go
play it at the arcade all the time. Now see that's the thing that weirds me out about
this is that I'm cool with all these games, they are great games, but for me they're great
games in the arcade. There's so much of a difference between like actually sitting in
the big Hydro Thunder cabinet and changing the gears and racing and that and having the
the force feedback and everything, there's such a difference between that and the console
experience to me, it's just not the same. I don't know, is it just me?
It's a matter of opinion. I guess. Maybe. This will certainly be worth checking out,
I enjoy Treasures 1 and 2 so much, but I think it's one of those things, to me this strikes
me as something that Midway is just trying to continue to cash in on this Treasure success,
they've released all their games now hopefully their port of San Francisco
rush will be better than the PlayStation or the Nintendo 64 versions of that game
well these should be hypothetically arcade perfect ports they should be
just arcade emulated ports hypothetically well damn I want to see
my copy of off-road thunder then for me because I download that shit of course
of course all right moving on in video game news I thought this was way and I
think this is a good one for us to close on tonight this story was just far too
interesting and shocking we did bring it up on the three-hour show but we got to
mention it here they're gonna be incorporating a new slash command into
EverQuest 2 yes the MMORPG EverQuest 2 and when I say slash command I mean like
you know sometimes you could hit slash attack to attack something slash say or
slash shout well now they're gonna be putting in a new command called slash
pizza and when you type slash pizza it will bring up a Pizza Hut ordering
window and you can order Pizza Hut Express delivered to you to your door so
you have another excuse never to get up from your chair except to go to the
bathroom as if people playing EverQuest needed more excuses I what slash
commands are gonna come next slash beer slash orgy slash prostitute for blowjob
I mean what it's just I I understand why they're doing it although it's it's got
to be a little bit insulting in a way to here you guys are too lazy to get up and
use the phone we wouldn't want to take you away from your questing they're
facilitating the addictions and you know what I don't think that Final Fantasy 11
would ever get something like that one because they have the little disclaimer
you know don't forget your real life well now I think to be fair I think
EverQuest 2 does have some type of disclaimer and this could just as easily
be built into any I mean it's just EverQuest kind of gets that bad rap to
begin with it but this is something that they could have honestly built in
anything crack yeah exactly ever cracked with pizza could I get my pizza with
crack on it Loki any thoughts it was this something you'd use probably only
because it's Pizza Hut we I would not be using it only because we don't mean
locally so there would be no of no use to me but okay hypothetically there's a
Pizza Hut a mile away hell yeah I love Pizza Hut but I don't like online
ordering because I mean honestly I've worked at a pizza place I know how dumb
they are there's no way that they can do online ordering very well there's I mean
they've got to mess that shit up so and really I mean I have a portable phone
right next to my computer I just picked that sucker up and I can order pizza
while playing a game at the same time. I mean, you can do it over the phone probably a lot
quicker too and it wouldn't interrupt your gameplay as would a, you know, a giant window
over your screen. That and they can repeat back your order to you to make sure they got
it right. Exactly. Alright, to be continued, I'm sure, do you guys think that this will
be a trend? Seeing these more commercial sell out integrations into these games? As somebody
joked during the three hour show, it's just a matter of time before he can buy the pizza
a with Gil or gold or whatever the in-game currency is yeah sadly yes and
I'm sure it's just a matter of time before we start seeing more of these
types of commercial integrations into our favorite online RPGs because we
spend so much time in them addicts and on that note that's going to do it for
tonight's podcast thanks a bunch for tuning in and subscribing have a great
night everybody or day or afternoon or middle of the night whenever you're
listening to this. Thanks for subscribing to our podcast. The Orange Lounge Radio
to Go Edition is a proud part of www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next
Thanks for watching, and have a nice update!
