Orange Lounge Radio 2 Go Edition, week of February 14th, 2005.
And now, the Orange Lounge Radio 2 Go Edition.
Your internet radio home for discussion on rhythm and music gaming,
and all the news on video games that don't suck.
And now, here are your hosts, DarkSakura, Skye, and Loki.
Hello everybody once again, and thank you for subscribing to our podcast
and downloading yet another episode.
Here we are the week of Valentine's Day. I hope you all are having a lovely Valentine's Day. I know I'm not
Because I'm single as hell, but that's alright
Dark Sakura is actually out tonight because she's spending the holiday with her fiance
So we have some guests filling in tonight. Say hello to DDR angel. Hello. Hi DDR angel. Welcome to our podcast
Glad to be here. We also have bugged here tonight. Hola. Hello bugged. How are you? Very quiet. Unfortunately, that's alright
it happens you're making up for it nice and loud yeah all right so you get it
takes two people to fill in for dark Sakura apparently no we like we like
having guests on the show it rocks Loki's here of course though I am and
he's all excited about that orange box PC he just finished up explain really
briefly for our podcast listeners I know you went into it in detail on the three
hour show this week but what is it that you did here I put a PC a micro ITX PC
Which is a, it's a form factor. It's 15 centimeters by 15 centimeters. It's the size of the motherboard.
And, um, it's inside of an Xbox that's painted orange. Hence the orange box.
Now, if Bill Gates finds out about this, do you think you're going to be in any trouble, or?
The only trouble I'd be in is because I have a pirated version of Windows in it, but that's about it.
Oh, that and the movies that might be on the hard drive.
It's not RIAA or MPAA friendly.
You do know anyone can download this podcast, right?
Whatever, I don't care. I'll put Linux on it!
Don't make me put Linux on it! God damn it, I will.
Free BSD all the way.
You took a little PS1 monitor, they don't really sell
so many of those anymore because they don't sell the PS1 so much, but you actually took one of those portable 5 inch monitors.
How the hell are you able to see anything on this thing?
enlarged all the fonts on it to very large and you know I also have thank God
for Windows and having that you know feature the magnifier for those people
that can't see shit you load that up there and anything that you you know
move over with your mouse it will enlarge in the slow window for you so
I've used that a lot and but it be to be honest actually you can see quite a bit
on that monitor because it's such a high resolution small text is the only
problem I noticed it's very crisp so if you do plan to use it for movies and
your games or something it's gonna be very crisp kind of hard to see but
interesting all right um I thought we go around and before we get into this
week's gaming news this we do have some guests on the panel tonight I thought we
could talk about what kind of games you've been playing this week what kind
of stuff have you been into Angel the MXO beta test which was yeah and for
those not in the know in the acronym know that was matrix online right
I noticed that people are selling, because you had to have a code to get into the Matrix
online beta test, right?
I noticed people are selling those codes on eBay.
My first question is, A, is that legal?
Probably not.
But B, is it worth it?
I don't know.
You can get it at five bucks for fries.
I mean, at fries.
Okay.
Go to fries and get it for five bucks.
So and you're doing like a pre-order then, and then you get to play the game on beta
test as well.
Yeah.
That's cool.
Right? A little bit. I'm only level two. And I played it maybe about an hour, an hour at the most on this.
It looks pretty. It's a little, a little difficult to get into it. Because it's just like they kind of
throw you into it with not really giving you any direction. The only real thing you have is missions that you take.
And the missions don't really progress the story along that much. I've actually lost track of what the hell the story is.
And the graphics, I like it. It looks really cool. It looks like you're playing an online game set in like almost like a Grand Theft Auto type environment.
But you can go into all the buildings and you can run around the rooms and everything.
So that's kind of cool. But it's real easy to like lose track of what's going on and that.
And I couldn't tell, you know, the NPC characters from the player characters and whatnot. I have no idea what the hell I'm doing in it.
So, for people that may not have gotten into online gaming, but like the Matrix franchise, and they try to play this, they're going to be probably turned off by it, I think.
Alright, what else have you been playing this week, Angel?
Actually, I watched someone play World of Warcraft, so I'm kind of getting, I don't know, I kind of wanted, but I kind of don't, because, you know, I don't want to be, you know, whooping on Final Fantasy XI too much, because I do like that one a lot more, so.
I know it's it's tough. I as much as I love fantasy 11
I everybody is raving about World of Warcraft and the time I saw it
I was kind of like because I watched somebody play it too and I was kind of like
Yeah, but I kind of feel like I owe it to myself now with everybody just
Gushing over this game that I need to really sit down and play it
but again, I said this on the three hour show that we do at orange was ready calm, but
The the number one thing I hear why people like this game is because it's easier to play by yourself
which to me kind of defeats the purpose of the massively multiplayer concept in
the first place but to each their own whatever that's what you like with our
copy of World of Warcraft we actually got a 10-day trial thing like you could
actually give the code to somebody else and try it for 10 days so you know it's
open to me I can I can do it but I don't know you know we'll see interesting if
you do end up doing it I want your 10-day card that you get because I want
check it out a little more in depth. Oh, you mean if I buy my own copies? Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, no problem. Cool!
I've also been playing a lot of there this week now, for those that don't know.
It's, it's like uh...
TSO, but better.
And uh... Well, you're playing the acronyms game again. The Sims Online, right? Oh, sorry, Sims Online. That's alright, that's alright.
Alright.
Um... It's chat about TSO and uh... MXO on OLR. Yeah, see? There you go. Acronym game.
Alright, that's fine.
for those who want more information on there
uh... open up your internet explorer i mean uh...
explorer or uh... firefox if you're smarter actually you can't because it's
like picky about that it won't let you do it
i know sucks lame whatever it's probably don't want to play it
it's like an XML thing or something something anyway uh... yeah so just go to
there dot com
you know find out for yourself if you really like it or not
Fair enough. So it's kind of like The Sims Online, but without all the prostitution.
Okay.
Whatever.
Well, fun in that. Seriously, that's the only reason why I play The Sims Online.
That's what I heard The Sims Online turned into, is it was like Vegas and I don't know
if this is true, but I was reading articles on this.
I don't play it anymore.
Sims Online turned into this big gambling, crack dealing site. I don't, crazy. I just
know that The Sims Online was not quite as popular as I think they'd hoped it would be,
considering the popularity of The Sims.
I also got to see Minish Cap this week, that was pretty cool.
By the way, speaking of The Sims, I want to get this out real quick, The Sims celebrated
its 5th anniversary this week, and guess, get this, The Sims has shipped since its release
52 million units and been translated into 17 different languages.
The series of games has been a top seller for 4 of the past 5 years.
Crazy huh?
Wow, yay for that.
I remember the first time I played The Sims, I had to kill people.
I don't know about the rest of you.
I know this is true with you, Loki.
When you did your review of The Sims 2, you were like, how many interesting ways could
I kill people in this game?
Exactly, and I have to really go back to that and find some more ways to do that, because
my elaborate death house didn't turn out as fun as I thought it would be.
You end up with piles of stuff?
No, people just didn't want to die that quickly, like I kept, because I was putting in the
cheat codes where you can move any object around, so I was picking up people there walking
by the house and throwing them up into a room that was enclosed.
They didn't like that too much and they were panicking, it was fun.
I was trying my best to catch a guy on fire, but that really didn't happen.
I remember how you put the giant diving board on the roof and you were going to wait for
somebody to dive and then you were going to take away the pool while they were in the
mid-air, but nobody would ever jump off the board, because they were all so sad.
They also didn't want to jump to their death. I thought that would be a way to do it, but
no one wanted to commit suicide. They really need to release a patch where it's less friendly,
just kind of let people die. Oh, of course I had the nude patch so people would be walking
and naked all the time too. The Sims Morbid Edition. Only on the internet. Anything else
you've been playing Angel? Not that I can think of at the moment. Alright, fair enough.
Bud, what have you been playing this week? Maps.google.com. Now that is a very cool site.
I checked this out. Very cool. Like just, sometimes it's fun to just play with those
Atlas programs and like, oh here's my house and here's you know, but it's, what they don't
have, which I think is really cool, and I think MapQuest has this, but it has like the
satellite view version. Or does Google have that now? I don't know.
They have something similar. This is actually an article on Hackaday.com. They had a website
that had both Google's map feature and this other map feature where you can actually plug
I don't know, it was like coordinates actually, and you can view the Google map and then also the actual satellite picture.
That was the London one, right?
I don't remember, but anyways.
Alright, he's gonna look that one up. So you've been playing with that though? Oh, yes?
yet again another Linux
they stuck Linux in a Billy Bass
the singing fish
the singing fish things
why people why? a follow up to last week when we were talking about they won't install Linux in
anything
there you go they've installed Linux in a Billy Bass. My pants are still Linux free
for now anything else you've been playing with other than the maps game
I've been playing the real-world game of employment I haven't had time to play a
damn game this week all right well you're a lot of fun to have on this show
then yeah it's all right make it a halo 2 oh I don't like my Mac I watched my
Mac sleep all week I haven't played halo in a long time it's kind of sad
anyway um what I've been playing this week I've been playing I actually
decided I well I play mr. driller a little more because angel let me borrow
mr. driller and I actually remember how last week I said I needed to get good at
the game and figure out the strategies I think I'm getting okay I'm finally
learning how to get some of those tricky air capsules without having to dig
straight down all the time and I'm getting the concept all it took was a
little time and I figured it out also I decided to go a little retro let this
week because you might remember that dark Sakura she brought with her to the
three hour show last week, she brought Dracula X, but the Japanese version on the Turbo Duo,
okay? And we were watching little clips from that. Well, I remembered somebody said that
there was a Super Nintendo version of that game that came out, and I played it, and it's
awful compared to the one that she brought last week on the Turbo Duo. It is just dreadful,
and I remember I had played that game a long time ago when it first came out, and I was
like, what happened to the Castlevania games? They used to be so cool. So I decided instead
to go back and play Super Castlevania IV, because that game is awesome, and it's a great
Castlevania game. So I was feeling a little retro this week. You had a comment, Angel?
I was gonna say, I didn't even know you had a Super Nintendo.
Oh yes you did.
I have one on my PC. Get it?
Oh yeah, whatever.
Heh heh, heh heh, heh heh. Alright. Loki, what kind of games have you been playing this
week?
Um, just, I played the Matrix online in Final Fantasy 11.
I haven't even gotten back to Grand Theft Auto San Andreas yet.
I really need to go back to that, it'll be fun.
No other game I'm going to be playing soon, which comes out tomorrow.
Yep, WarioWare Touched.
That's going to be the next game.
I'm very excited about WarioWare Touched, and I think it's great that they're releasing
it on Valentine's Day for those that are downloading the podcast throughout the week. He's talking
about Valentine's Day. Now does it ship? This is one thing that always confused the hell
out of me. Is it shipping tomorrow or is it shelving tomorrow? Because you know that they
have a ship day and then usually the shelf date is one or two days afterwards. Is it
shipping or shelving tomorrow? That's what I want to know.
Well I don't know. I have only been going by IGN site which has the release date for
tomorrow so whatever that means probably the ship so I'm not gonna go to the store
till Tuesday but I'm very excited nonetheless to be playing this game I'm
very excited we'll bring you a full review of that next week because you
know we're all gonna be playing that you you you like the WarioWare games too
right angel yes I do there might be a GameStop trip in the near future is it
supposed to have multiplayer in this one I don't remember I hope they took some
of the good ideas from the GameCube one because the GameCube WarioWare was like
eh, you know, because it was basically the same darn game, but it had such a cool like
multiplayer edition.
But multiplayer is so much fun!
It is so much fun!
Only one player.
Doh!
Doh!
Classic Nintendo, they'll do the multiplayer in the next release, and it'll be the same
damn game, but multiplayer, oh well, gotta love them.
Alright, let's talk about some news this week, we'll start it, we'll actually start it off
with Nintendo.
I have quite a little bit of Nintendo news to talk about right now.
This is interesting, EBgames.com is listing a Metroid pinball game for the DS.
Very interesting, I don't know, they're listing it on their game as tentative December 5th.
Nintendo of America will not comment on this, but if you think about it, in the game, in
Metroid the game, Samus does condense into the little ball, it's one of the first things
she gets, so I don't know, this would be kind of a fit.
Why did that suddenly bring me back to, like, Sonic Spinball?
That's the first thing I thought of, too, was Sonic Spinball.
Because it had, like, that same look in the sewer stage in the beginning.
I don't know.
Bug?
Same thing.
Same thing.
Sonic Spinball and Pokemon.
I guess the Pokemon Pinball games do pretty well, so why not, since we haven't had a new
Pokemon game in a while, why not go into another series?
And then Mario had a pinball game as well.
What?
Yeah, Mario had a pinball game too long ago on the Advance.
Logie?
I don't know why why with pinball games I mean why I guess it would work though
with the two shoulder buttons that'd be kind of neat but where's the taller the
screens tall yeah I I don't know I could see as more as like a little mini game
that they might include with like you know the Metroid Prime Hunters or
something like that interesting to see coming out soon or actually I should say
just was released not too long ago. Judge Dredd, Dredd vs Death? Why are they releasing
Judge Dredd games? Honestly, I am the law. Couldn't tell you that one. Also in the news
about Nintendo, this story is coming out of the Japanese Trademark and Patent Office,
or at least that's the place that inspired this story. Nintendo has registered a couple
trademarks recently, one of them being the Nintendo V-Pocket. Now, you don't know what
that means but it also has a little logo that goes with it and the rumors saying
that maybe it's some type of DS adapter who knows could it be that rumored mpeg
for an mp3 adapter don't know who knows it is it is that adapter v-pocket video
pocket hello come on it doesn't take a genius to figure this one out I mean
that's what it is it's what's gonna be it because everyone what everyone loves
and is eating up portable video. And now that the PSP is going to have the UMD format, of
course they're going to need to come up with their own format for, you know, to be used
with the DS or to be used with, you know, the GBA. So, of course, that's what it is.
Alright, we'll see if you're right. Speaking of the games coming out for PSP, or I should
say the movies, there's actually going to be some movies released on UMD format on April
19th here in America and we're gonna have films xxx xxx or you want to call
it you know that Vin Diesel movie hellboy resident evil apocalypse and
once upon a time in Mexico they're gonna be released on that UMD format
specifically for your PSP so you can watch movies on the go sound interesting
to anybody is this something you'd be interested in no it's interesting like
perspective of me because I work at a video distribution company so it's yet
another format that won't take off just like the DVHS so nice try we'll see how
long it goes but I don't think people are gonna be buying their copies know
what's gonna happen they're gonna find a way to just put this on a flash card
for you know it won't work if you buy one of it this is one of the stories we
about last week if you buy one of the first million units you're gonna get a
copy of spider-man 2 so but as I movies ahoy yeah as I mentioned last week who
doesn't know in that movie already anyway I mean anybody that had a remote
interest in that movie probably has it already I don't know this is my thought
but what I another interesting thing about this format that he is interesting
is that I don't really see this catch it me personally I don't see this catching
on too much because I think there's a very limited genre as to what can be
released on the PSP I don't see them releasing like at Academy Award-winning
foreign films on UMD format I think it's gonna be mostly these bang-bang shoot
them up films the the hardware to create the format is not readily available and
therefore it's probably not gonna fly that well it's gonna be like mini disc
it's gonna be an underground thing where you know there's gonna be some people
that have it and a lot of people that don't even know what the fuck it is you
You know, and it seems to me that if you want to watch movies on the go, they already have
portable DVD players, and they're pretty...
They don't have a proprietary format.
Yeah, and they're relatively easy to use.
My mother, of all people, has a portable DVD player, and she knows how to use it.
But I could never imagine, you know, if she didn't have one, hypothetically, I could not
imagine buying her a PSP so she could watch movies on the go.
So I just think that the amount of movies they're going to be able to release on this
is going to be pretty limited.
I don't know.
I don't think this is going to catch on, but eh, I could be wrong.
have to do you want to buy your movies in yeah and then just DVD here's where I
think Nintendo actually might be more successful in this well this is the
interesting part if they do decide to release their thing because if you look
at the Game Boy Advance movies that they have out right now like the spongebob
and the strawberry shortcake and all that stuff they have out right the
reason why these are easy for kids is because they're great for car rides you
give the kid the little game and they can sit and watch it while they're on
on the road and on the road a long drive to somewhere.
But I can't imagine giving a kid a PSP
and having him watch Hellboy in the backseat of the car.
You know, I just, I think Nintendo and their bit
of a family friendly quote unquote edge,
although they took a lot of crap for that back in the day,
I think that's gonna help them out in this market.
But that's just my personal thought.
Unless the PSP decides to get competitive
and release some of their own kid friendly stuff,
because I think that's really where this stuff is handy.
But, what do I know?
You know, I'm just waiting and waiting.
I know it's gonna happen, or where they're gonna,
cause this, okay, you've got, you know,
the PSP has got the memory stick port on it, okay?
You can buy, I'm sure they're gonna release something
that's gonna plug into that damn thing
that you're just gonna be able to put some other format
of movie on a flash card in that damn thing.
I don't know I don't see people going out and buying all these UMD
format movies. Why bother?
Why even? Yeah. I wouldn't even rent them. Maybe portable?
No I mean to be honest if you've got your PSP
okay this is just my thought if you got your PSP and you're on a car ride you're going to be playing
fucking games
you're not going to be watching movies. That's why you bought PSP's to play the portable games
not to watch the movies. It is portable PlayStation not portable DVD.
But, nobody thought the Game Boy video thing would catch on for the same reason, yet they're
selling like hotcakes at Walmart.
Because they're cheap, and people will buy anything from Walmart.
Alright, let's move on to another, actually I wanted to say real quick though, there is
another Nintendo trademark that got filed, this one's interesting, it's PCGP.
And the way the logo looks is every letter is in a circle.
No idea what that could be about, but the speculation is, perhaps the P is like Pokemon,
so maybe it's a new peripheral for some type of Pokemon game?
Who knows?
P, G, or I'm sorry, P, C, G, P. Sounds like some new drug.
I don't know.
Logie?
Do you see it after to play?
No, if I was going to guess I would say maybe, I'm probably going to be way off on this,
PC Gaming Portal, in other words it's something for the DS if you have a Wi-Fi adapter or
Bluetooth or whatever to be playing over the internet with someone else.
Or to download more content.
Or something like that.
That guess is very cool, but I think you're wrong.
I don't know, it just seems a little ugly for that, but that's a very cool guess.
Well, it's a guess but they will be announcing something of that sort at e3. So
You know whether this be what it is that will eventually happen. So that's that
Very interesting. All right
One other quick story. I know we don't talk about the end gauge too much on here
And there's a reason for that, but I thought it would be interesting to mention that the x-men legends game
It's done pretty well on the consoles actually and I you know, it's not a bad game
It kind of reminded me of Diablo it was like Diablo x-men was kind of what it was
but it's gonna be coming to the engage which
The engage seems very limited to me and I just don't know how they're gonna pull it off I
But whatever it I mean they might as well put it on the Game Boy Color, but what do you think?
Which is actually very similar to the engage is more useful
little bit of freaking n-gauge because I don't have to talk-o-talk.
But the one cool thing about it, it will feature a wireless multiplayer mode, and that was
one cool thing about X-Men Legends is that it had a multiplayer mode, I mean granted
you had to play for a little bit before you could get multiplayer with it, but it does
have multiplayer mode, so...
I know none of us in here own an n-gauge, but hypothetically, if you did, would there
be an interest in this?
No.
I would have to really question why I owned an N-Gage first.
You'd have to find the other three people in the country that bought the N-Gage.
I mean, really, um...
I had to laugh every time I walked by the N-Gage booth at E3
and all the people trying to get you to go in.
That was my favorite part, because they're like,
COME ON! CHECK IT OUT!
And I go play, I'm like, this is crap.
So, anyways.
All right one more quick story, and then we're gonna wrap it up. I thought this was interesting
I actually read this story was a link that was on slash dot earlier this week specifically their games portion games dot slash dot
Org which is very cool site check it out
If you haven't already if you're a nerd chances are you already you're very familiar with slash dot
But maybe you're not they had a link to this article that talked about
how
Important are review scores in game buying really and I thought I'd kind of pose that same question to us here in the studio
How much do you pay attention to the reviews that a game gets?
Have you ever been influenced to buy a game based on the reviews?
And if not that, what does influence you to buy games, out of curiosity?
I'll start with Loki.
I don't really go by the numbers or whatever, but I'll listen to what they have to say about the game
and consider those factors, you know, since they've played the game.
But a lot of times it really-
That would be a review.
No shit Sherlock. I'm talking about like I'm not going to say okay if he gives it a 10. I'm not going to go out and buy it just because he gives it a 10.
You know I have to look at the reasons why he's giving it a 10. I don't know. It's a good test so I can save my $5 and not rent the thing.
But I don't know. I really most of the time when it comes down to reviews I don't really listen to reviews. It's more buzz that I've heard about the game beforehand.
beforehand that determines whether I buy it or not then of course you know I'll
listen to whether it's crap or not certain games have not done this with
driver 3 and I have learned that lesson so um yeah it helps a little bit but I
don't really you know just go by just reviews angel um pretty much what look
you said just what I do except for the fact that like I'll go to a friend's
or something that already bought it right away and I'll try it there and you know it's pretty much a
visual review pretty much you know you know what I'm trying to say yeah you review by watching
somebody else or trying it myself afterwards and whatever and you know usually probably about 95%
of the time I will end up getting the game that I try because it's just you know I'll find it cool
or whatever, but there is that odd chance where, you know, I don't buy it, and right
now it's being far between, but hey, something might happen down the line, who knows?
Interesting.
Bugged.
I ask my friends.
You know, I feel very similar, is that Buzz does a lot more for me than an actual review,
although I have bought games based on reviews, but not necessarily because it got a glowing
review, because everybody likes different types of games.
For instance, we don't talk a whole lot about sports-based games, although it's a huge market
for gaming.
Or FPSs.
Well, okay, we sometimes talk Halo and Doom a little bit, but for the most part we don't
obsess over those games.
Like the war games, all those war sim games that are first person, you know, there's gazillions
of them.
We don't really talk about a whole lot of those because they just aren't for us.
I'm really generalizing here, I guess maybe I mean for me, but I think what I know of
Loki and Dark Sakura and you guys they're not really our type of game so
maybe one of those games comes out and it gets a great score and perhaps it's a
good game but it's not really just the kind of game I want to play but at the
same time maybe a game comes out and it gets a pretty low score case in point
DDR ultra mix to got a low score from one of those magazines out there but
hurry but I say but I yeah Katamari even got some low scores out there very few
though. It was a pretty critically appreciated game. But it's still, you know, I know I love
that series of games, so I'm going to pick it up anyway. But sometimes there has been
a game based on the review, like maybe they have one on one of the TV networks they're
reviewing a game, and then I look at the game in motion and I go, oh, that looks like kind
of a cool game, I want to pick that up. Like, you remember Under the Skin? We saw that on
a review show. I don't even think they gave it a good review. But we were just like, cool,
you can be an alien and, like, you know, fuck with people. So it looked like a cool game.
I played it all of one time
All right, so anyway if you guys have comments or feedback for our show
We always do appreciate that email address is to go at orange lounge radio.com to go at
Orange lounge radio.com we got to wrap it up. We're running kind of long tonight guys
We're almost at a half hour of a show here. That's pretty long for us
But I'm gonna go around and get everybody's final thought
Thank you very much for being here tonight DDR angel and filling in your final thought
um more fun fancy 11 but thank you very much for filling in and being here
tonight your final thought demo bass Loki your final thought I'll second the
demo bass it's gonna catch on be in the know be in the know use demo bass d m u
ba SS trust me you're gonna be on the cutting edge of this brand new internet
acronym in the next yada yada yada exactly get on the ground floor and my
final parting words is thank you very much for tuning in as always and I hope
to see you guys again next time on our orange lounge radio podcast have a good
one everybody thanks for subscribing to our podcast the orange lounge radio to
Go Edition is a proud part of www.orangelaungeradio.com. See you next update!
