This week, Nintendo rolled out an update adding more 8-player Smash compatible levels, and
for those of you looking to monetize them, there are guidelines for that as well.
We have so much more for you tonight, including a new segment along with your calls, comments,
and emails, all happening right now on the show, where Evergamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where Everygamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live on this February 1st, 2015, with the 585th episode of our program.
My name is Rob Roberts, here with you over the next three hours or so to talk about video
games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with my co-hosts.
Say hello over there to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Yo.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm okay.
Better than I was.
Yeah?
I know.
You and I were both talking before the show.
We were both fighting off headaches.
What's up with that?
Yeah, we were punching them in the face, but they were being bitches, and we had to put
some bitches down.
I feel better now, thanks to Captain Ibuprofen.
I feel a little better.
I feel better thanks to coffee and meat.
I feel better thanks to the power of positivity.
The power of song!
All right.
No.
Also, speaking of the power of song, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
Hello, how you doing?
I'm very full.
Full, yeah?
That sandwich was a maze.
You got a new place that you've never brought to the show before?
Yes.
And what's that?
Firehouse Subs, I guess, is what this is called.
And I had no idea that that chain existed in California, because the first time I ever
had that Firehouse Subs was at Dragon Con in Atlanta, and Travis Donovan, my pal from
Understation Live, I'm sure you all know him here at VOG, was losing his mind with Jenna,
because I guess they didn't have those where he was from, or I don't know, but he was just
very excited about the Firehouse.
He was like, you gotta try it, you gotta try it.
So I had it.
It was, and I shouldn't say this, because we're not paid to endorse this stuff, but
whatever, it was pretty good, I gotta say.
I still prefer Quiznos, rest in peace.
That's my favorite sub sandwich.
They're not gone.
I've got one that's still right around the corner of my mouth.
I know, you lucky punk.
The only one in the area.
That's the only one in all of Sacramento anymore.
Pretty much, yeah.
I'm like, I don't know how they, it's seriously the worst location for that, but somehow they've
survived.
I know, I know.
All right, so you found some new food to bring to the show, so that's good.
Yes, because I got the same sandwich yesterday, and it was the beef brisket, well, I had the
intent because yesterday it was like, you know, damn, I don't know if I want the meatball
sub or if I want the brisket sandwich, I'm like, I always get the meatball sub whenever
I go someplace just to try it.
I think everybody goes through that phase where you find that food you love so much,
you're eating it for like a week.
I can't eat that for a week, there's no way, it's like so much, like I got their large
sandwiches like a foot long and it's just packed full of meat.
It's just like so much meat on there.
I just can't, I can't eat more.
I want to eat more, but I, I literally will get sick if I eat more.
Jamie, has there ever been a food that you discovered and then you had to eat it for
like an entire week?
Yes.
What was that?
My favorite sick food?
Mm.
Burritos.
Burritos?
Just no specific burritos?
No, seriously.
Well, it was, I used to be addicted to the California burritos that were basically the
carne asada, but I wouldn't get like salsa or anything with it.
It would be meat, potatoes, and cheese, and I ate it for almost a whole week in a row.
Wow.
Well, no, I mixed it up with breakfast burritos too, which was egg, potato, and cheese, but
I had like this sick that would not go away and all I wanted to eat was burritos.
So I ate burritos for a week.
Awesome.
Awesome.
I would say for me it was vanilla Coke was the thing that I had to have like every single
day.
It's like, why am I gaining all this weight?
They have that there.
The Coke free summer shoes.
Oh, I know.
I'm talking about, remember when like it came out, it was probably like 2002, 2003.
It was just kind of eh.
Remember when I had pneumonia?
I do.
And all I ate for like a week and a half was French onion soup.
Literally.
That's all I had was French onion soup.
Because I couldn't eat anything else, like solid food was like no.
I would do that too.
I'd go over to Panera and get French onion soup all the time.
Remember Mimi's Cafe before they got crappy?
I do.
They had, they had the, uh, the five cheese grilled cheese with French onion soup.
That was crack.
All right.
People are going to think we're a podcast about food and it is inevitable.
We always get into food.
We're talking about food the whole show.
Is it called Orange Lounge Radio because you guys talk about oranges?
Well, kind of.
I mean, we never talk about anything that healthy, but yeah, we should do a spinoff
called the Soup Lounge.
We just talk about food.
But we do have you guys who join us live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine
o'clock Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com and if you are listening live
over at live.vognetwork.com, you can head into our chat room there and comment along
with the show.
And we oftentimes are looking at the chat room during the show and we pick some comments
to read on there.
We can't read every single line because then you guys would fill out the entire show with
your conversation.
But we do pick out some key comments.
Right now, most folks in chat talking about sandwiches.
I mean, I can't possibly imagine why.
We have SSG100Matt who says Potbelly is the new Quiznos these days.
It's actually pretty good.
Let's see.
Pow says, I felt that way when I discovered ramen for the first time.
I still feel that way about ramen.
I just haven't eaten it because it's so much sodium.
Hold on.
It was my first time living alone, so I obviously ran out of budget in 10 days.
I got my first paycheck.
So ramen the rest of the month, I got so sick of it.
Yeah, I did.
Get this.
When I first moved to California, Dan's pantry was literally ramen and tomato soup.
And I'm like, no.
So okay, last food topic, I promise, and then we'll get into games.
But the video game news is like super depressing this week, what we're going to start off with.
So I'm putting it off intentionally.
So here's my question about ramen, because I think this is super weird and this is something
Alan does.
He's going to kill me for saying it.
But like, he likes to just eat the ramen, like without putting it in the water or anything
like that.
Yeah, what's your problem with that?
Oh, no.
They actually sell ramen snacks like that.
You just season it up and you just kind of shake it a little bit and get it incorporated
in there.
And you have to break it apart first, because if you can't just eat the whole piece.
Yeah, you just don't just put the whole brick in your mouth.
See, I can't eat ramen like that anymore unless I make it myself, because I will actually
break out my, I will do it donburi style.
You're not supposed to eat ramen like it's shredded wheat in a cereal bowl.
No, you don't.
You take the packaging, you put it on the counter, you slam your fist down on it, but
not too hard because you don't want it to explode.
You just want it to like shatter and then you pour it into a bowl and put the seasoning
over it and away you go.
It's awesome.
Especially if you don't want to wait for it to cook.
If it's super salty.
Oh my gosh.
No, thank you.
It's just like, that's too much sodium.
It's like, I have a heart attack just thinking about it.
Exactly why I don't eat ramen anymore.
Guys, you know when chat says just eat a rice cake.
My other favorite thing to do with ramen was when we used to just like make like kind of,
I don't know, a melting pot of all different types of ramen.
Just like, oh, hey, we got some beef.
We got some chicken.
We got some pork.
We got some shrimp or whatever.
Just pour it all together.
Mix it together.
Done.
It's some flavor of ramen.
See the way to do it, you get just the noodles.
Actually, I prefer to do this with udon.
You put a, you slice up a boiled egg, you put in like you actually make your dashi stock
from scratch and it is the best thing on a cold day.
And then lastly, Alan Alchemy since he was the inspiration for this and chat says you
pound it with your fist or just pinch the shit out of it and make bite sized nuggets.
I don't use the spice packet though.
You know what?
That was almost my food of choice while playing Final Fantasy XI.
I'm surprised you don't remember that.
I do.
I actually do remember that.
All right.
Thank you for bringing up a video game.
We should take the topic to video games.
But I'm going to be honest, guys.
This is, this has kind of been a shitty week in video games.
There's been a lot of real bad news and we'll get to some of it as we go on throughout the
show and bring up the different topics.
But I think there's one y'all are thinking about, y'all have been talking about on Twitter
Let's talk about it now.
Let's talk about it here for our kickoff topic here.
Jamie, some big, some big news in the blogging world, right?
Some crap is what it is.
Yeah.
So AOL is a bunch of shits.
And that's the news.
That's the news.
Okay.
Well, it's business.
You know, I can't say that the whole company is a bunch of shits, but it's a shitty decision.
So Joystiq has basically been dissolved by AOL along with Wow Insider and Massively.
There are layoffs of their staff with Joystiq 13 staffers laid off.
The Massively folks are going to be out of work by February 3rd.
And Wow Insider has also lost their staff.
So basically three whole sections of video game joy on the internet, some of the last
bastions of decent news are gone.
So as of February 3rd, which might as well be today.
Which I would say this.
If you want to petition about something, fucking petition about that.
If you show them that they're going to be losing a potential source of a big source
of revenue, this is...
Here's my concern.
And I absolutely say this with no disrespect to these companies or the people that work
there because as much as I razz the big corporate blogs sometimes, and obviously AOL is going
to be corporate when you're owned by AOL.
I'm very much, and I've always been about support indie podcasting, support indie blogging
and this stuff that's homegrown.
I always, I did have a place for Joystiq and the AOL blogs in my heart.
And part of that was because I felt like they were one of the rare blogs.
And when I say they, I mean Joystiq, Wow Insider, Massively, all of them.
They were one of the rare blogs that really kind of treated a lot of what they saw in
the indie scene.
Not just indie development games, but indie development publishing and podcasting and
everything as something that's like, they're equal.
I never felt like poo-pooed by anybody that had worked at Joystiq or any of these other
organizations.
I felt there was like, there's a common respect and a common decency and sense of, I guess,
decency there that I'm going to be honest, keeping it real, I haven't felt from other
places.
I'm not going to name names.
I'm not going to focus on negatives.
But all that stuff aside, I just kind of feel like there was a lot of real decent stuff
happening at Joystiq.
And it kind of blows my mind.
Obviously one of the big hot button issues in last year's was ethics and games journalism.
I'm not going to go too far down that slippery slope.
But what concerns me here is that I see people celebrating the loss of these blogs.
And I don't think there's anything to celebrate when these were some of the most ethical people
that were still around in what they were doing.
They don't run headlines that were clickbait like we see a lot of other sites do.
I mean, you guys know what game blogs out there do this consistently and you see it
shared on Facebook.
It's like, you know, check out these 12 hot cosplays from such and such that are very
only like tangentially related to video games.
I wish you guys could hear how hard I'm rolling my eyes.
Whereas Joystiq wasn't really about that.
And I always kind of, you know, I really, really respected them for that.
So I feel the pain of their loss.
Now to go to the part that I wanted to follow up to what Jamie was saying with, you know,
a big source of revenue and so forth.
Here's the hard question is, was it a big source of revenue?
Because I'm not as much as I liked reading it and I like supporting them and so forth.
Is there a lot of money to be made in that arena anymore?
And I'm not so sure there is, especially when tons and tons of people are using ad block
these days.
Where was Joystiq making money?
Or a lot of these corporate blogs, for crying out loud.
And I think a lot of these things that tailor headlines that foster the Facebook shares
and these clickbait articles and things like that, they get enough advertising revenue
from the people maybe that don't use ad block or whatever.
But unfortunately, these people who run their ships a little more ethically, like Joystiq
did, unfortunately, I think probably did end up costing money to run.
And it sucks.
Like, I mean, it's not an easy thing to say, but I think that's just the reality, you guys.
How was Joystiq making money?
I'm not so sure that, you know, you weren't paying to access it.
I bet a ton of you have ad blocker running.
Did you whitelist Joystiq?
Yeah.
I did too.
I did too.
But I bet there's a lot of people out there that didn't.
You know, and I'm not trying to make you feel bad, but I think that's also just the reality
of where we are.
And I think that's a lot, I mean, a lot of people just, you know, a lot of websites you
may block ads on, but I say, yeah, maybe that's me, unfortunately, because they didn't go
that route of trying to be clickbaity with your headlines that they didn't get a lot
of those shares or something on social media.
Maybe that was the case.
Let's see, go into our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com.
SHA100Matt says, yep, if people clicked on more ads, maybe they would have a case in
terms of revenue, but Joystiq doesn't really sell anything.
Let's see, RageNator says, the one big site that I really read was 1UP.com, but they bit
the dust.
Let's see, Dungeon Buster says, I drifted away from Joystiq years ago, but not because
of any ethics or issue with their reportage, just so many other sites arrive later to satisfy
my news needs.
Well, you know, and to be fair, there's a lot of, and I'm not accusing Joystiq of this,
I'm saying there is a lot of out there in the games journalism world, there's a lot
of copy paste journalism that goes on out there, you know, and I think there are a lot
of places for people to get news and thanks to things like Twitter and Facebook that keep
us a little more tapped in, I think people get their news maybe a little more directly
on social feeds where you don't necessarily even have to click over to a site like Joystiq
to see it.
And I think all those little things kind of hurt them, you know, collectively.
And again, I so apologize if any, I don't think any of those staffers happen to listen
to this show, but if you do, trust me, my heart goes out to you guys and I'm so sorry
if it sounds like I'm being a jerk right now.
And on top of that, the fact that they had the, they ran a story about, you know, their
site closing, they didn't even have an answer from, you know.
Yeah.
And there's that shady shit too, where it's like, you know, maybe they were making tons
of money.
Yeah, that's pretty nice to hear that your job's gone from somebody else other than,
you know, your boss.
That part's pretty shit.
I mean, here's, okay, here's the silver lining at the end, and maybe there will be another
website that will pick up a lot of these writers, but I just really hope there's no pressure
to make these writers make more clickbaity headlines.
I really hope that isn't what it turns into because that, I don't think that's what anybody
wants to see happen here out of this is, you know, it's gotta be more TMZ style stuff in
order to get clicks.
I really hope that doesn't happen, but here's an interesting comment in our chat room again
over at live.vognetwork.com.
Apricot Sushi says, I think the fact we're seeing a lot of people turn to Patreon while
big sites are getting cuts and going under says a lot.
Well, I think it's inevitable, and I'm almost positive, and I could be end up proving wrong,
being proved wrong, but I'm almost positive at least the WoW Insider branch, you're gonna
see either a Patreon or a Kickstarter coming from those guys next week because in their
goodbye note, they were like, you should follow us on Twitter, and on February 3rd,
you never know what the future might hold, wink, wink, nudge, nudge, like just put it
on a neon sign already, and believe me, I'm not blaming those guys for doing it.
If you're gonna do this Patreon or a Kickstarter route, strike while the iron is hot, you know,
people are gonna miss these sites when they're gone, and they're realizing that right now,
so would people be willing to pay for these sites?
I bet they would right now.
The longer you go on, I think the harder it's gonna be to justify, but especially something
like World of Warcraft that has a very tight-knit community, Blizzard has a lot of very rabid
fans that will support games that when Blizzard makes it, they'll play it, but if another
company makes it, they won't play it, consider what I'm talking about there with games like
Heroes of the Storm and Overwatch, right?
So there's a very loyal base there that I think will bolster up and support WoW Insider
specifically, because that's kind of the one.
Joystiq hasn't really hinted if they're planning anything like that massively, I have no idea
what they're planning either, but it seems like especially with the WoW Insider branch,
that's almost a given that that's what's gonna happen next week, is that there's gonna be
a Patreon or a Kickstarter to keep them going, so hopefully they will get the money to keep
their thing going, but how long?
A year?
Three years?
Who knows?
So.
Anyway, I'm sad to hear about this loss again, you know, Joystiq was a blog that I would
visit on a regular basis, I thought they were great, and you know, even some of the few
things that we've done on this show that went viral, quote-unquote, like the whole, you
know, you guys remember years and years ago, there was a whole president cat thing, and
we had a good time here on OLR, we were joking around about a Japanese game, Sukiban, so
I ran a Wii, that was about a cat that was all these little different mini games, and
Jamie said, oh, I think it translates kind of loosely to President Cat, and I'm like,
that's an awesome name for a game, let's have President Cat on the Wii, and why don't we
get games like this out here, and we started tweeting them, and the company noticed, right?
Well, Joystiq actually was like the first major blog to run a story on that, and I always
thought that was like really cool, I was like, wow, they're like tapped into indie sources
like that, you know?
Or even before that Katamari.
Yeah, and then, so it wasn't just the good news, but the not so good news, right?
Like the time that we posted some information that Namco didn't like that we posted, and
that went viral too, but again, I mean, despite the fact that that one was a little more painful
for us, it was still that they were tuned into what was going on in the indie world
as well as the PR, the things that they were getting handed from PR, which I wouldn't be
surprised if some of the Joystiq people end up in those positions where they're, you know,
doing PR and other types of, you know, on the other side of it for companies, big companies.
So, let's see, going again for some more comments from our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see, Dungeon Buster says, specialist sites have also added to the competition.
If I want pure industry news, I can go to places like Develop or Game Biz.
Tao says, I stopped going to any gaming site.
I just can't take the comments.
They make me lose faith on the human race.
Well, unfortunately, we don't have a lot, a lot, a lot of articles at vognetwork.com.
I mean, we just, we can't, right now, we're not at a stage where we can afford to pay
people to do articles, but if people want practice or resume type stuff, we're always
looking for people to write stuff, and so we do have some people that write some things
very limited.
If we do ever turn a profit, I'd be happy to pay writers.
We get some of that coming on vognetwork.com.
We moderate comments, all of them, so, you know, and obviously our site is family enough
where that's not really a problem for us yet, but you never know what's going to go viral.
You just never know what's going to go viral, and then once it goes viral, then everybody's
got something to say, so.
You know what the rule, the stem of the problem is?
What's that?
Too many of those free month subscriptions at AOL.
It just hurt them so much that it just can't recover.
Those fortresses built out of the free discs, the free sample discs.
Just did them in.
Oh boy, alright.
Anyhow, so, having a drink, throwing one back for our friends over at AOL, Joystiq, WoW
Insider, and Massively.
May y'all, and I should say, because it's not picked up in any of the game blogs, but
there's another AOL blog that I read quite frequently, the unofficial Apple web blog,
TUAW, that was also impacted by this, and they're getting shuttered.
So pouring out a 40 to all those fine blogs over at AOL, and may y'all land on your feet
real soon.
At least y'all have the respect of a lot of people in the industry, and so I think with
that on your resume and considering the situations, I think y'all are going to bounce back real
quick.
I really hope so.
I really hope so.
And hey, you won't be working for AOL anymore.
Thumbs up.
Try to look for the silver lining.
Alright, let's get into some of the regular segments we do here at Orange Launch Radio,
and then we'll get into some other news going on this week, but yeah, not a lot of great
news this week, guys.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Anyway, let's try to cheer things up a little bit with the games themselves.
You know, sometimes we play video games to put us in a better mood, and talk about the
games that we've been playing this week with How Was Your Gaming Week?
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I really didn't play too much.
I did some Dragon Age, but other than that, no, I did play some Final Fantasy XIV for
a little bit on Monday, but really, I haven't really done much else in terms of gaming just
because it's been a really stupidly, stupidly busy week.
That and I did buy somebody in this little group of ours a game that I am going to request
that he play as soon as he gets a chance to.
I will not say what it is until said person is ready to announce it.
Well, doesn't he have to finish the previous one?
No.
He needs to go right into the second one, because, okay, I'll just fuckin' say it.
I bought Rob Five Nights at Freddy's 2, and he's gotta play it.
I don't care if he's finished the first one, he has to play it, because the third one's
coming out.
Yeah, I did see that in my Steam library.
I have to do the VoG Jam stream first, which is still something, or the YouTubes.
I'm not gonna end up doing a live stream anymore, because all the games run in different resolutions
and things, so I'm gonna just make a variety of YouTubes, but until I finish that project,
no live streams.
But that will be on the list.
Hopefully, I can get Shane to come over, or maybe you to come over, and you guys can taunt
me a little bit while I play.
I'm sure it'll be a hoot and a holler.
Just in time for Five Nights at Freddy's 3, which I'm sure is coming out very soon.
I really wish that would become a movie series.
It might.
I think it could.
I think it probably should, honestly, because it's such a simple premise, and, you know,
I mean, hell, they're remaking, like, really shitty movies now, so why not just do one
of those?
It's starting to become a Minecraft-level phenomenon.
I mean, maybe not that big, because it's gonna be harder to market it towards kids.
I think it's a...
You can't just compare A to B, but it is definitely, like, a phenomenon in the style of Minecraft.
I think there's so much, like, lore and all this other stuff that people are...
That's the part I like about it.
I can't play the games for shit, but I watch the videos and read the crap about it.
And that, going back and reading, like, the actual case that they theorized it was based
off of, it was...
That creeped me out.
The fact that the original thing happened, with that, what was it, a Chuck E. Cheese
or something?
Yeah.
Yeah.
A showbiz pizza, I think.
Yeah, it was a showbiz.
What it was back in the day.
It's saying Pizza Time Theater.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All right, so, if that's it for your gaming week...
Thank you, Nolan Bushnell.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't play a whole ton.
I was actually working on my game most of the week, and I've gotten...
I'm trying to get to the point where I can just, like, play a level, and then once I
get that, I can actually just start building levels for it.
So I have the starting sequence part done for each level, and then I was just working
on the finishing thing.
The problem is my logo that I did in 3D for, like, the end part when you finish a race.
It didn't look very good.
Just shot straight on, because it's black and white, so it looked 2D almost.
So I needed it kind of spinning towards the camera to make it look cooler.
So I'm working on that, and then my cat decides to start programming last night, and so she
sat down on my laptop and did a fighter plays on all of my scripts in my game, and so I
had to fix that.
Thankfully, that was pretty quick to fix, and, you know, she's so jealous.
I swear to God.
It's like, you're not paying attention to me all the time.
What the hell?
So I did that, and then actual game playing.
I played more of LEGO Marvel Super Hero just because my son's playing it.
I'm already finished with the game, so there's not really much more I need to do with it,
other than I just messing around with some of the glitches in the game and stuff.
So that was fun.
And what else?
Oh, watch some more awesome games done quick.
Like I watched the run for I Wanna Be the Boshi and New Super Mario Bros. and, oh,
New Super Mario Bros Wii.
What else?
Part of the Portal 2 run, but I fell asleep, so, oh well.
But I'm really digging that stuff.
I do want to play some more Gata the Hell, but I just haven't gotten around to it.
And I don't know, I've been looking at my PlayStation Network library and I'm like,
crap, man, I've got a lot of stuff that I haven't touched on there yet.
Like I bought Battlefield 4 a while ago, I'm like, shit, I haven't even played that.
And then my stack of games I bought when I got the system, I'm like, shit, I still haven't
even played Watch Dogs or Destiny yet, and it's just sitting in the case, just collecting
dust.
So I've got a lot of stuff to play.
After I finish my game.
Alright.
And then my other game.
Good priorities, good priorities.
My gaming week.
Actually, I've had a pretty active gaming week, although not a lot of new stuff to note,
since not a lot of new stuff has been coming out, but I was continuing to play Fantasy
Life earlier this week.
And I've been having fun with that.
I started to get into some of the crafting a little bit since I was doing a wizard for
my life in the beginning.
I was like, oh, let me try going into, I think they call it tailor cloth crafting, whatever.
I think it's a tailor to see if I can maybe make myself some armor.
So you know, it's kind of playing a little bit of that story.
And now I'm like, oh, maybe I should get into gathering and I can totally see where this
is like a gamer add like me guys worst nightmare because it's like, oh, I want to play a little
bit of this.
Oh, but then I want to play a little bit of this because I always see these little mind
things everywhere.
I want to mind those.
Oh, and I want to fish and I've got to do this.
And I'm never going to get anywhere in that game because I'm going to keep getting distracted
by all these different things there is to do.
Dude, level five is really good at making grind fests.
They are very, very good at making grind fests and, but Fantasy Life is good.
I talked about that last week and I'm having fun with that game.
Let's see.
So was playing a little bit of that.
A lot of Diablo three on PC with the season is ending on Tuesday.
So Alan has actually been very helpful.
He's been playing a lot more than me.
He's going to hit Paragon 300 tonight on his seasonal character, 300 Paragon levels.
He was at like two 96 or something before the show.
So he'll definitely hit that tonight.
I'm at maybe one 50.
I mean, I've been playing a lot, but not like a lot, but I've been having fun and Alan helped
me get some achievements.
We finally, uh, we killed, uh, this guy on torment six, you have to get to get an achievement.
It's like this complicated thing where you have to build all these keys, these, some
of the boss.
And we did that.
We got to greater lift rift level 30, which I didn't think I'd be able to see on my wizard,
but by golly, we did it and got a new place on the scoreboard.
So that was all really exciting.
So that was seasonal on a PC.
I haven't been playing as much on PlayStation four, but a friend of mine picked it up on
PS four and I know I have other friends that play on there.
So probably what I'll do in the downtime between seasons on PC, I'm probably going
to try to pick up PS four because it is still one of my goals this year to get my platinum
trophy in Diablo.
Dang it.
So that's something I will certainly work on.
So, uh, yeah, I played a little bit of that as well.
Um, so yeah, kind of a, a lot of the same stuff.
I'm like some final fantasy 14 here and there a little bit.
I did some geometry wars three earlier today, um, but not a lot, a lot of new stuff to note.
Um, one other thing I will mention, uh, princess Irene, who was on the show a few weeks ago,
she does her other show, uh, the multi-tap podcast.
She was here promoting that.
Uh, she called me up the other day and was like, let's go play DDR.
And I was like, Oh my gosh, it's been forever.
Why not?
Let's go play DDR like old school times.
So we actually went out to Roseville golf land, which, which really is where this show
was born.
Despite the sad commentary, you mean spawned from the pits, uh, despite where, uh, you
know, despite the state of arcades today and the fact that it's like, it's all like ticket
grabbing machines now, I did see some pretty cool arcade cabinets.
So they had a Mario Kart deluxe.
I did not know there was now a Mario Kart deluxe cabinet and it looked fancy.
I didn't get a chance to play it cause there was just kids nonstop going through that game,
but it looked really fun.
Uh, sad though.
It was like the Mario Kart tracks on the arcade games are so like blah.
It's just like, yeah, it's like, Ooh, well it's a loop.
They were in the early games.
I don't know about deluxe though.
I haven't played deluxe yet.
So at least for the first couple.
Um, so, but I saw, I was like, wow, those are some fancy looking cabs.
Uh, so we played a little bit of DDR, so that was fun.
Uh, we were playing some max two for you, uh, old school DDR fans, but man, when you
don't play DDR for a long time, you really lose stamina.
Okay.
So like Irene and I were like, all right, we'll do some, we'll do some standard and
some basic songs, red foot and yellow foot songs.
We were, we were doing okay on that.
So then for the last song I was like, okay, we got to try and do something on maniac.
Let's do something on maniac.
So I put it on the hardest difficulty green feet.
Right.
And I was like, let's do blow my whistle, baby.
Everybody.
Everybody remembers that song, right?
If you've ever walked by a DDR max two machine, you've heard that you've heard this song before,
right?
It's really annoying and awesome to play.
Uh, but it's only like a seven foot song, so it won't be that hard, right?
Oh my God.
Because the seven footer is usually like nonstop running and jumping and all that stuff.
Like at the end of it, I was, I was like having a full on as I, I, I, I remember even
just trying like basic stuff in the last time I played, I need to get my stamina back out
of shape.
Oh, I need to get my stamina back.
Uh, and uh, then for the very, very, very last song, you know, Irene and I said, okay,
this is the last song we're going to do all day.
This is fine.
So I was like, all right, fuck it.
Let's do, let's do another maniac song.
She put it on a Ryan seven, eight, which is the, like, I'd cue up the MP3.
I love it when you sing DDR songs, Loki, but that's honestly what it sounds like.
But the, I will never, okay.
So the, the, the pattern that you dance to in the song, do, do, do, do, do, do, do,
do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do.
That's how fast your feet are moving and that do jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump,
jump, jump, jump, jump, like that's how fast your feet are moving.
Right?
So I did that one on nine footer and I'm very proud because my 36 year old ass got a 300
combo and I damn near full combo the whole song I fucked up in the last six measures
though.
Like there's just too much going on at the end, but I, I was so close to a full combo
and I was like, this old guy still got it.
So that felt pretty good to be able to do that.
It has kind of motivated me a little bit to try and get my stamina back a little bit.
So I need to like do one of those like couch to 5k type things or something.
Just something to get me in the habit of moving.
Couch to nine feet.
What do they call that?
It's a couch to 5k.
Is that what?
Okay.
But it should be, um, we should do a...
Oh, couch to nine footer.
Couch to nine feet.
I get it now.
Yeah.
Uh, I, I really do want to do something like that.
I was never skinnier in my life than the years I played DDR.
Of course it helped that I was dating a vegan who really loved to cook.
And so like vegans don't eat.
I don't even know, like, you know, the newer machines, like they don't even have the same
foot levels anywhere.
I'm like, I don't understand, you know, what these levels are anymore.
Yeah, no, I know.
Well, it was a max two machine.
I can, I can speak max to max two, maybe extreme.
That was back from my day stream.
It's like kind of, eh, no.
So anyway, and then, uh, Alan alchemy's in chat reminding me of something else we saw,
uh, over at Roseau golf land, a fucking candy crush arcade game.
They had a fucking flappy bird and a candy crush.
Like all these fucking iPhone games are becoming arcade games that shoot out tickets.
Why would you play a game that's free, but instead pay money because you get tickets
and you can redeem those tickets for crap.
I'm surprised the tickets don't get you codes to get something in the game on your iPhone.
The camp flappy bird.
Oh, just to get good, give it full circle.
Why not gives you, what is it?
Like little gum drop bombs or whatever the fuck they are in candy crush.
You can trade in tickets and get a code for some of those on iTunes or Google play or
whatever.
Surprise.
I wouldn't be surprised off.
That was the thing.
They bring it full circle.
All right.
Anyway, that was my gaming week.
Very long winded, but, uh, you know, a little trip to the arcades and all that good stuff.
Um, before we get into tonight's gaming news, some quick housekeeping, uh, we will be here
throughout the coming weeks.
No shows off planned yet, except maybe in early March.
That's still developing.
Uh, however, you can always friend us on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio.
You can also friend us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R. And we are going to be debuting
a new segment tonight.
As Jason mentioned in the intro, I'll tell you more about that at the beginning of part
B is where we're going to put it right before we get into rapid fire news.
I'll talk to you more about that when we get there and try something new based on some
things you guys said last week, believe it or not, this is, this is an interactive show.
And just because we've been doing it for coming up on 13 years this June, doesn't mean
we can't change things once in a while when the listeners, uh, give good ideas and suggestions
and feedback.
So we'll talk about that at the beginning of part B. Uh, meanwhile, let's get into some
gaming news, lots of other stuff going on in the world.
We're going to start off.
I have a feeling we're going to get into it.
Here we go.
Loki started us off with some gaming news.
So new to our, uh, Nintendo has graciously allowed people to use their content and collect
ad revenue from it on YouTube.
That's so awesome.
So nice of them, except there's some little asterisks is that you need to be aware of.
First off, uh, this would be through their brand new affiliate program, the Nintendo
creators program.
So when you sign up with them, um, you can basically register whole channels or certain
videos.
And basically if you do, um, just an individual video, you will be offered 60% of the ad revenue.
Um, and if for a whole channel, 70% of the ad revenue and, um, they are basically paying
you via PayPal.
So they're collecting all the ad revenue and then paying you on the backend for that.
And I guess, um, they'll allow you to use their videos and make money off them.
I think it's crap.
Why do you think it's the reason?
I think it's crafts because she makes so little from ad revenues anyways.
In fact, a good, good explanation for this was, um, total biscuit actually did a breakdown
of this and why this was a bad thing.
And basically breaking down that, say you make a hundred dollars on a video for ad revenue.
And at the end, after you're done paying, you know, the fees for, um, YouTube, from
PayPal, from, um, what Nintendo takes out for every hundred dollars that you're actually
making in ad revenue, you're actually only collecting two or $22 of that.
And so it's just, it's crap.
Honestly, I think this type of thing is not a good thing considering that, you know, you
had some companies like Microsoft that were kind of, you know what, we don't want you
using our properties for, uh, making, you know, money off of them, basically use, make
any sort of monetization, but then they went ahead and reversed their stance on that.
And I think that that's kind of the way that the company should be, honestly, cool.
If you want to participate in this, go right ahead.
But like, if I had the time to make, you know, more videos and stuff that had to do with,
you know, game play and stuff like that, I would not be choosing incentive products.
There's plenty of, plenty, plenty of other games out there rather than Nintendo games
that I could be playing.
I've got a whole fucking Steam backlog that, you know, is a testament to that.
I don't need to have the privilege of paying them money to show their game online.
That's so fucking backwards.
This is the kind of shit that gets you into the mess that you're in right now, where your
first party games are the only thing supporting that damn system.
So I don't know.
I've had a lot of time to think about this topic and I'm about to say some things that
might actually contradict things I've said 10, 15 episodes ago when, you know, this topic
first came up and I, opinions sometimes change, they shift and so forth.
But this is where my head is currently at with this stuff is that there are some things
I agree with you on, Loki.
Fundamentally though, I believe Nintendo deserves a cut.
I do.
I'm going to ask some people to hear that, but I fully believe that Nintendo deserves
a cut of the money.
And I think the best example I would have for this is something like Mystery Science
Theater 3000, where if, you know, if they are going to be skewing a movie and interjecting
their own dialogue and so forth, they still have to secure the rights for that movie and
give a cut or pay a one time fee or something from the original movie maker, unless the
movie's what, 75, 50 years old, and it's considered the public domain at that point, which I think
has happened with some of the movies they've done in the past.
But I digress.
I know a lot of Let's Players say that, well, people don't watch it for the games, they
watch it for the commentary or the opinions or things like that.
Well, if that's the case, try putting your commentary or opinion out there without the
game and see how well that does.
I do think the games do play an integral part and these things would not exist without the
game.
That being said, I think the method this is all being done is a little screwy and I can
agree with that.
I totally get the concept where it's stupid that YouTube takes a cut and PayPal takes
a cut and then, then, then, like that's all a little bit ridiculous and I get that.
Everybody's taking a piece off the top.
Here's where I think the problem ultimately lies and I think you've got the Let's Players
pointing fingers at Nintendo, you've got Nintendo pointing fingers at the Let's Players.
Do you know where the real fucking problem is?
The problem is YouTube and I've been saying this forever.
That's the one message that I think I have been consistent on from the very beginning.
The problem is YouTube but they are such a behemoth that nobody is making them do anything
about it and that's what blows my mind.
In my opinion, YouTube should have an established standard for this shit and be done with it
already.
But YouTube also needs to have some type of appeal system for their users as well as the
companies that want to contest things that are being used outside of copyright law that
are on the service and so forth.
YouTube is a giant fucking brainless robot.
Not only that but they're going to continue content ID matching stuff and you basically
have to get approval before you're able to make money off those videos.
Say for example you do a review series and you're reviewing a Nintendo game or something
like that then they could just say oh we're not going to approve your video.
Say you're critical on a certain Nintendo game, theoretically they could just say no
we're not going to approve your video.
I understand that's a little extreme but as I'll talk about later on in the show, it may
not be that out of the norm considering how people are manipulating the system to get
what they want.
There is a certain amount of fair use that needs to be allotted so that you can have
these reviews and you can have these critical opinions and so forth.
But when people have like 90 minute long let's plays where it's just we're making jokes along
with this game that we're playing along in the background, I'm not so sure that meets
the guidelines of fair use.
But YouTube needs to come out and say it is X, the line is drawn here so that way at least
everybody's playing by the same rules.
I understand let's plays but let's say for example you're doing a news show or something
like that on YouTube and you're talking about the news and a Nintendo story comes up like
oh Nintendo announced that such and such games coming out and you're talking about that and
you have part of the trailer playing in the background and they monetize that video.
In my opinion that's a YouTube problem.
That is fair use and YouTube should not be allowing that to be contested because a robot
fucking match that.
That's the problem.
And I've told yeah that's fair use if you're doing a news thing and you show an incidental
Nintendo thing absolutely that should be the news thing.
But here's the other side of that is that I also think there should be and this this
should be something that maybe Nintendo should kind of step up.
There should be kind of like a certain threshold like if you're making less than a hundred
dollars a year on YouTube videos which is where a lot of people are at a lot a lot of
people are at that line if you're making like less than a hundred dollars a year on
YouTube videos I kind of don't think this should apply to you.
And I think I mean I'm you know I understand the need for consistency and so forth but
if Nintendo wants to be good guy Nintendo then draw a line.
But I'm sorry I do have a lot of problems feeling sympathy for these people that like
you make millions of dollars.
You know somebody like PewDiePie makes millions of dollars off these let's plays and so forth
and you know they're complaining about oh we know we're going to get you know some of
this money to and it's all this whole ass line system whatever Nintendo wants to cut
the money but but but but I'm sorry I have a little problem feeling that much sympathy
for you when then XYZ gaming company just had to lay off 200 people this week and we're
going to hear an incident of that a little later on in the show.
Here's the reason why they have that kind of attitude is because they're fucking having
PewDiePie fucking quoted like a box quoted on a fucking advertisement in stores like
they showed that for I don't remember what fucking game it was but they had a PewDiePie
quote on it.
I think it was for Dying Light.
That's why that's why he's got a big head about this shit is because he's fucking getting
quoted as part of marketing for these games.
So yeah I mean he's a major channel and the fact that he's saying that I'm not going to
cover Nintendo products you know unless I feel like playing one of their games then
that's fine he has the right to do that but at the same time that's also kind of his thought
is that and I don't want to defend him because honestly personally I don't like the guy but
I find I find him I've seen 60 seconds of a video of his one time and that's it but
I'm not naive enough not to think he's not no I understand it could be a personality
plays on YouTube whatever I don't that's fine I just don't like his videos but I don't
I'm not faulting him for it per se but I'm just saying that you know it's up to his thought
is that he's helping market these games and that they should be thankful that he is you
know playing their products because he's in the past driven like for example they you
know in his Tumblr he cited you know like skate three he showed them playing skate three
all of a sudden that game shot back up through the charts even though it had been out for
a while that type of thing so he's got a sort of a point but at the same time I mean you
shouldn't feel entitled by that but I just think they're going about it the wrong way
I think you want people to be making like fan videos for it and so what if they're making
some money off of ad revenue I mean are you really that hard up for money that you need
to be making pennies off of these videos I mean it's not pennies though Loki I mean some
people it's not pennies but it's ad revenue though it's not if they want to put out creative
videos and charge ad revenue for it then by all means Nintendo you make some new original
content out there like let's plays hell just hire some of your treehouse people or something
to do some like interesting videos and start monetizing that shit if that's what you want
to collect money on but I feel I would actually agree that Nintendo can make a lot of money
doing in-house productions of this stuff I but but I also think you know it's not you
know that's why I talk about the threshold when we are talking about pennies then maybe
Nintendo should just write it off good guy Nintendo right but what we're talking about
hundreds of thousands of dollars which is what we're talking about with people like
PewDiePie I think it's totally okay that's that's ten people's jobs for the year out
of their pockets it's making no money on their pockets it's just like oh we feel we should
be getting paid some more money that's all it really is I think of anything you should
be putting as as few barriers between you and the people that want to you know expose
your game to others or like play up the game I mean if you're just putting that barrier
out there and saying okay well you could do this but you're gonna have to jump through
all these hoops in order to be getting paid you know for monetizing these videos fuck
it just I wouldn't do it I would just play something else I understand the concept of
it doesn't hurt them and so forth and the free advertising and so forth but you have
to understand there's another layer this is something that somebody said to me this week
about a particular game as I was telling this individual you should check out this
game you know I know it gets a lot of mixed reviews and some people say good things about
it some people say not so good things about it but I kind of think this game is up your
alley you should check it out and the person said to me isn't that one of those games it's
about three hours to beat and I said yeah it's only about three hours to beat and they
said you know I'll just look up a let's play of it on YouTube and I'll just watch it on
YouTube that way I don't have to spend the money and buy it that was something that was
said to me I am not making it up that it I mean I might be summarizing some quotes
and things but essentially that is the gist of the conversation then that's a problem
that that happens that's a problem then with the game designer if that your game is basically
good for one playthrough and that's it and there is no replayability to it then yes I
don't think you should spend the money on that if for example a perfect example of that
is that fucking Melger solid you know ground zeros bullshit that they put out they charge
you know like 30 bucks for and it's like a four hour game there's not much replayability
there so I'm not gonna spend my money on it so I see that exactly if like let's say for
example Call of Duty campaign if you're looking at like the single-player version of Call
Duty and you just want to know what the story is and say fuck it I wouldn't purchase the
game if it you're only gonna get one playthrough out of it what if I told you this game it
was a $10 indie game same problem though if it's three hours long and you're paying $10
so it costs 15 to go see a movie can I take a three hour movie and just put it on YouTube
no you cannot but there's some interactive problem there well then I'm sure that they're
gonna they can just monetize or do a copyright claim on if that's the problem they have such
a problem with people putting the if their three hour game on YouTube then do a copyright
claim against it since they can do that for the movie that I mean I'm assuming if that's
the problem they don't want the exposure of their short game on YouTube then they have
the rights to make a claim against it all right let me read some comments from chat
I don't mean to ignore folks in chat and Jamie I have no idea if you even have a thought
on this or if you're just kind of like there's there's no answer to this problem I don't
know Jamie I'm always like I like free money I like playing Nintendo I'm telling you personally
if I have you know whenever I finish a game someday I don't fucking care there's more
exposure it gets better for me you making money up if you're making hundreds of thousand
dollars of it yeah I'm a little jealous but good for you I mean who cares I think that
indie developers should have their own licensed let's play channels I I just I honestly think
if like twitch I almost said Justin TV if twitch TV could come out and just be like
we have signed agreements with Nintendo Sony and Microsoft on the rules for let's plays
and we're gonna introduce twitch on demand and you can record these let's plays and we'll
interject ads into it and you're gonna get 75% and they get 25% I don't know I'm making
these numbers up if they were to roll that out like this week and we have signed agreements
with these big three huge industry standard players and we have these signed agreements
this is how it's gonna be that would stab YouTube in the fucking heart it would and
now now it's game fucking on once again it's is the fewer barriers you have between your
consumer and you know their money basically you know making money off these videos the better it
will be if it's easier for me to make money off of twitch than it is YouTube then of course I'm
gonna go to twitch all right I got to do some chat room comments because it is a show where every
gamer has a voice sadly I can't read everything but let me get to some comments here um sg100
matt saying it's not about the amount of money it's about drawing a line and people profiting
off your products if they don't draw it now then there will be a point that someone will make
millions and millions off their game and the creators not seeing any of that uh pow in our
chat room at live.vog network.com says also it's a cultural thing I like this because it makes you
consider something different it's a cultural thing Japanese corporations are fighting a lot to stop
the quote let's watch the ending on YouTube thing uh now that pow says that it actually makes me
think Sony does this too you just don't hear about it as much but uh developers can block sections of
games from being recorded remember that uh when they they do the recording on ps4 sections of
games can be blocked so that way the endings of games can't be posted as easily you just like
telling me to a movie who gives a shit I'm sorry I don't buy that as an excuse
uh I kind of agree to a point that you can't stop it but they can make it harder uh let's see
dungeon buster says YouTube dug themselves into this hole in flying by the seat of their copyright
pants for so long uh let's see Kaijuto in chat says I disagree video games are not movies it's
different uh tiger claw says this is affecting giant bomb as well you'll have to watch videos
of their Nintendo coverage on their site well what's interesting about that solution is it's
removing YouTube which I have said is the problem it's removing YouTube from the equation which
considering that most of the stuff I think giant bomb bomb does is and I don't visit that site
every day so you'll have to correct me if I'm wrong most of the cases where they're using this
are going to be the review and news type I don't they don't do a lot of extended let's plays right
I don't think so they might but if they do and I'm just not aware of it keep in mind
Nintendo would have every right to step in and say you need to remove it or we're not
going to give you these games if you don't I mean they would have the right to play hardball
I mean I realize that could have ramifications but that could be an alley we go down if that happens
Marissa Congusto in chat at live.vognetware.com says still have to pay when you sample a song
I don't think it should matter if the profit is negligible but after that I see the point
so uh and powen chat says people go to jail in Japan for posting a single anime episode
it's not different with games it is different because there's an interactive element to games
where it's an anime episode there is not if you post a video of a game online it's not the same
as playing a game whereas if you post a movie online it's the same as watching the movie because
you're watching on the internet versus watching in a theater I'm with you to a point I mean
obviously I don't think anybody should go to jail over a let's play but uh I I think the let's play
simply would not exist without the game makers that's that they had a hand in creating the
content too it's a shared thing and if somebody were to step in and say rob those let's plays
that you've done of the classic games from 25 years ago comp the commodore company or whoever
wants a cut I'd be like all right they're gonna get five cents I sure know Nintendo's in a good
spot right now because their games are quality and they make some really awesome games but they're
not the only ones that make really awesome games out there and I gotta be honest this whole indie
resurgence thing there's a lot of great good indie games and you know what those indie guys don't
give a fuck about you monetizing their videos and so what's gonna come down to eventually is that
those people are just gonna be like oh hey you're gonna put barriers in front of me to play
these games well I'm just gonna play these games right here instead is what's gonna come down to
and they'll it'll be great for the indie guys to to be fair though just you know not all indie
guys I seem to recall Phil Fish which I realize is a controversial figure but he's made his
opinion very clear that he is in the minority thankfully and well he's got his own set of
issues but that's neither here nor there so but for the majority I think that people are pretty
open to the idea of you playing stuff and remember there's a whole you know let's play list of like
all the publishers and stuff that are okay with you doing that so I think that's a I think I think
it's a bummer there's not a standard I kind of I feel like there should just be a freaking standard
already but I as somebody who has done let's plays and puts things on YouTube and decides am
I going to monetize this or not I love that as a resource I do love that as a resource and when
I do a Nintendo game I just don't monetize it but I'm also like I'm not in a position I have
yet to see a check from YouTube and I've got a long way to go like I just don't have that type
of volume so it's not really something I think about but I kind of I like to think that if I
were in a position where I'm making a thousand dollars a month even off YouTube videos then I'd
be like all right well if you know the companies want their 25 30 percent per video even 50 percent
really per video then I guess they could be entitled to that but I don't think they should
be entitled to a hundred percent because I do think the creator of the let's play does share
in that with the people that made the game so the answer is somewhere in the 50 50 range somewhere
in there anyway um that's our thoughts on this we could go on for three hours and fill on this topic
alone I'm sure you guys have some strong opinions about this we welcome emails participate at orange
law on trading.com is the place to send emails we'll probably be continuing the discussion on
this on our forums a little bit this week as well which you can access at forums.vognetwork.com but
for now lots of other stuff going on in the news so we're going to get to some other news which
includes speaking of Nintendo there were some updates to Super Smash Brothers this week and
this is pretty cool because this is a pretty big update for a company that hasn't done a lot of
content patches for their games really we've they've been behind a little bit in that so this
is really cool to hear that Super Smash Brothers got 15 new eight player stages in a free update
so 15 modified eight player stages were added to Super Smash Brothers Wii U this week and you just
get it in a patch that you download and you're going to get new stages like Pokemon Stadium 2,
Wii Fit Studio, Luigi's Mansion, all these new levels for eight people to brawl in so that's
pretty cool I guess eight player mode must be doing very well for them to add all these stages
I bet it uh I bet this thing is a riot at conventions and anime conventions and gaming
conventions or my house or your house see I haven't I haven't had enough people over here
to play eight player Smash I mean we'll do computer characters but I bet if you actually have
eight people there playing I bet it's a riot it's chaos is it really it's great oh man you have to
have a huge tv to be able to see that though well this is in my living room yeah you guys have a
pretty decent sized tv I think we have the one here is too small 50 something inch yeah see that
that probably Dan wants us to get a 72 inch that would be perfect for Smash you need to be like
those uh people I was seeing online that was projecting the the football thingamabob today
on like a huge screen in their backyard that's what you need for Smash Brothers dear lord
you know what the whole neighborhood to be able to see I want Meta Knight to be the size of my head
all right well anyhow um some other interesting little kind of you know this could have been a
thing in Super Smash Brothers uh I guess through some discovery I don't know what this was like
if they had actually gone through files what was it disc files they were poking through files on
the disc well apparently uh Rhythm Heaven was going to have a character in the game
which actually makes a lot of sense now that we think about it uh also a stage based on Dr Mario
was going to be included which again makes a lot of sense now I would think that DLC would be a
great way to especially there's a new Rhythm Heaven game coming out for Wii U at some point
wouldn't that be a great tie-in to then have the character in Smash Brothers as DLC of course you
know I know Sakurai has said there's no plans for DLC but come on you want to talk about ways
Nintendo can make more money here's one of them there's no plans for DLC well there I know he
has said there's they already have a DLC character beyond Mewtwo beyond Mewtwo so that's like the one
but I just I can't see how it could just be one I don't get it so anyhow it could have been it
could have been a thing uh Darsaka well you know what's this the saying hackers gonna hack indeed
well they have found an exploit in the new 3DS that lets you run Game Boy Color ROMs
yep it was only a matter of time basically um it's something that you can do to side load Game Boy
Color ROMs it's a trick put out by a YouTube user named Kazowar who basically used emulation
meant for virtual console games to load the ROMs instead so his guide says that it relies on a
buffer overflow error that's currently in the web browser so if you load it with specific timing
you can get the uh you can replace a Game Boy Color game with a ROM on an SD card or something
stored online so of course uh it's actually it works with the last release 9.4 but um we're
probably gonna see it patched out before too long so yeah I'm sure Nintendo will be patching that
right up but like laugh it up kids in the meantime uh Pokemon Yellow for all hooray
hmm yeah or uh some of the classics yeah yeah well you know I think Pokemon's like the one game
people really want to see on virtual console that just isn't coming to virtual console
why put it on virtual console when you can remake it and I don't know I don't actually don't know
why those games don't really show up on virtual console I think you just nailed it uh Pokemon
Pinball did on Wii U because I picked that one up but uh yeah the Pokemon games themselves don't
really end up on virtual console you need something that's gonna use what the little
accelerometer thing in the yeah so uh well I think you know you said it hackers gonna hack
and uh if there's a way for people to play free games you know on their device that's what they're
gonna do you know just throwing it out there though not that I'm excusing it because you know
the piracy you know that's not supposed to supposed to happen that's very bad but you know
Nintendo could combat that a little bit if virtual console were a little more lucrative than just
straight up emulation you know what I mean like being able to play it online with my friends
which granted could still be considered emulation but hear me out here if there was a little more
to to to enrich the pot of virtual console it would make those options look a lot more attractive
and piracy look like the gutter option yeah it would look like oh this is this is the low class
option whereas if I pay the premium I'm going to get all these other cool features like
maybe multiple save states or uh maybe high definition textures or you know remastered
sound or I don't know there's a lot of things that they could do 3D effects which very very few um
uh the 3DS virtual console things have and they're usually considered separate releases and not a part
of the virtual console family but I've been saying that forever that virtual console could really
stand to sweeten the pot oh achievements would be another I know Nintendo doesn't have a centralized
achievement system but they could easily create one they could get on that I'm sure they will with
the next two or three consoles from now that they create just put it in the freaking Mario universe
call it coins you unlocked a coin and you know have the coins be have the coins be usable to like
buy backgrounds on the Wii U or 3DS or something even though I guess people are willing to pay real
money for the background so they don't need fake coins I just I don't know anyway there's an award
yeah award a certificate I don't know anything this is my just my silly thought how to make
virtual console a lot more lucrative and convince people to buy games all over again but maybe you're
right they're saving that for the Wii U 2 or whatever the next console is because that's how
they'll get you to pay five dollars for Super Mario Brothers again because this time it has
achievements or multiplayer or something or they just want anything they'll just put they'll still
charge you five dollars for Super Mario see who buys it again yeah maybe or you know you just
buy an original Nintendo and 50 50 cent Mario Brothers dot-com cart you're right you could
you could except the old Nintendos are getting harder and harder to play on the newer TVs
because you don't really have the um okay or you can buy one of those retron systems then
okay there you go there you go all right anyhow moving on with more news Loki all right so if you
want to take part of the Sony online breach class action lawsuit rewards then now's your time
to go ahead and sign up for that so if you head on over to PSNSOESettlement.com you can actually
sign up and register to receive such rewards as three months free of PlayStation Plus or some
games that they already offered up to people that are affected by the breach the first time
or some shitty dynamic themes for your PlayStation 3 which really why would you pick that that's
literally the worst option that you can pick on all of those to qualify you must have had a
PlayStation Network curiosity or Sony entered online entertainment account on or before May
14th 2011 and uh you can receive I guess one or two one or two games um the three months
or those stupid themes I don't know why you'd pick those things I'm not even considering that
an option but uh yeah I went ahead and did that even though I got my free games yeah I was to say
I guess I could do this because hey free game but I do kind of feel like well you know Sony
kind of already gave free games whatever they're offering up free PlayStation Plus so I'm gonna
take it yeah and you know have you never had PlayStation Plus ever let me tell my PlayStation
Plus now but it's gonna extend it three more months oh well shit and that's maybe what I'm
gonna grab out of that yeah exactly so I mean yeah I thought originally that was only supposed
to be for people who never had PlayStation Plus before no get that oh it's for anybody but there's
a lot of people ask and you know getting that minute drops it down the one month but that's
still an extra month that's still an extra month so you know I'll do that because all the games
that they were offering up or literally the same games that they had um before as part well no it
wasn't exactly the same they had like uh puppeteers on there now so they had some decent games but
it's just a lot of them already had um I just didn't want them so and the themes like I said
themes are not even really an option for me at all yeah why would I do that uh running a little
behind on our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com but I wanted to read a comment there's there's
still a lot of people talking about the copyright dispute and I totally understand that but trying
to pick out some of the comments of the stories we just read uh Dartetsuya says to be fair I'm
sure they'll still offer a discount for owners of the previous versions of the ROM he's talking
about the virtual console thing about how Wii U 2 or you know whatever it's gonna be obviously well
that's assuming that their their online services can talk to each other because they still haven't
quite figured that out too well to be fair you can get if you bought it on the Wii and then you
have the Wii U you can get the game for like a dollar and it is it is a better experience on
Wii U than it was the Wii but you know it's it's worth about that dollar you know what I mean so
I hate to be fair that is stupid I'm sorry when and we're we're living in a day and age where
you know Call of Duty Advanced Warfare you can buy it on PlayStation 4 and get it on PlayStation
3 for you know 3 for free or vice versa but yet Nintendo can't fucking offer me a free copy of
goddamn ROM that they've made tons and tons of money off of already I mean that see this is
exactly the type of company that we're dealing with here that feels that they are owed money
for every fucking step of the way so you actually reminded me of a game I totally played for a
little bit this week that I forgot to talk about during my gaming week so I guess I'll bring it up
now because talking about ROMs and things I played Metroid Prime Trilogy because that came out on Wii
U it was only 10 bucks right I played a little bit of it I mean I didn't play enough of it obviously
I didn't even think about it during my gaming week but I played a little bit of that and I gotta say
that was kind of nice to be able to buy that for ten dollars on Wii U because there was no fucking
way I was gonna pay like fifty dollars for it at GameStop or whatever it was or they were way
overcharging for it because there was a lot of copies of it that's awesome yeah that they're
you know that they charge the extra money for you wonder why they set that precedence because
Nintendo makes fucking exclusive deals with them all the goddamn time once again and you know I
don't like that and I don't like that so I was very happy when Nintendo was like we're gonna
offer it for ten dollars digitally I was like all right cool now I can finally pick this up because
I had Prime 3 and I think I had Prime 1 on the GameCube but I don't even really have a way to
play GameCube games anymore my Wii's not even hooked up so I never bought Prime 2 so I was like
all right I'll spend ten dollars on the collection the only thing that kind of bummed me out and I
forgot that they changed this in Prime trilogy is that you only have Wii motion controls in Prime 1
and 2 well Prime Metroid Prime was for the GameCube and used a GameCube controller so I
thought oh I'll be able to use my classic controller that nope I got to use the Wiimote
and the nunchuck that's not a problem with the Wii I mean that was the way they did it on trilogy
for the Wii I just forgot about that yeah oh but god damn we spend any ounce of effort to like I
don't know make it better you know fuck us you know for you know expecting them to do something
I would have appreciated the ability to use classic no no effort and all the fucking reward
that is why they're fucking charging for fucking advertisement yeah all right anyhow moving on
you know who is paying who valve yes valve is paying valve has actually paid out a lot of money
they've paid over 57 million dollars out to content creators folks who have created items
for team fortress 2 dota 2 counter strike global offense and this is also spread out amongst 75
different countries so basically all of these people who have been throwing stuff you know out
there for valves products have been reaping the benefit I mean they are clearly appreciative
in fact they've even uh you know said uh one of their developers uh uh Alden Kroll said uh today
we're happy to announce that after a ton of work the first curated workshops for non-valve games
have opened so they've expanded it dungeon defenders eternity and chivalry medieval war
so there's more and more coming out so they're like hey thanks you're keeping our stuff alive
here's some money I wasn't even thinking of valve when we were talking about all these other
stories you know um probably it has to do with consoles versus pc and for obvious reasons I
associate valve a little more with pc ends of things and mac computers in general right so
I kind of associate valve with that but it is interesting that valve is not only a game maker
but they have this service and now they have this whole game streaming thing within it where you can
stream the games to your friends and so forth I mean they've essentially built that for their own
games now granted there's no revenue sharing in that there's none of that comes into play but just
kind of kind of interesting to see how things are are from that angle and then what you just
mentioned right there with all these community market things that are selling for uh quite a bit
of money there and I bet valve gets quite a nice cut of that as well well uh speaking of steam now
you can't make any community market items for this game I don't think anyway yet I don't even know if
there's trading cards but you can get the definitive version of Quantic Dream's indigo
prophecy it is now available on steam as well as ios pc mac linux all those different platforms
it is available for nine dollars and 99 cents uh you can pick that up uh if you don't know uh
the game indigo prophecy uh it is by the folks who made heavy rain if I'm not mistaken Quantic
Dream right so you can check out this early uh early game of theirs um this version now the
original game was capped at a resolution of 1024 by 768 but this new version will allow resolutions
up to 2880 by 1800 and they say they gave every game texture in the game a facelift so some have
four times the detail that they used to have but for ios there is a two gigabyte size limit
so some of the textures are only double what they used to be so I mean but if you're going to be
playing the game on something a little more portable than something on your desktop I would
think that uh that would be a given there that it's not going to be quite quite the same so
uh that's pretty cool uh and in the faqs they say no cut or censored content in this version
so if you're worried if anything got cut along the way don't worry you don't have to do you ever
play indigo prophecy you guys anybody in this room no it may be my steam library I honestly
don't know do you think you picked it up and you just haven't I may have picked it up at one time
I wouldn't know though all right so there you go uh awesome well let's travel around the world and
check out some release dates we're gonna go uh see what's coming out to a store near you yeah
that much this week is pretty actually oh it's pretty dead um we've got a couple games first one
being motorcycle club which is on playstation 3 and playstation 4 and then criminal girls invite
only on a playstation vita no it's not a porn game maybe it's a porn game I don't know um and
then spongebob hero pants on playstation vita xbox 360 and 3ds thank you activision um that's it
all right well I usually would do the japanese release dates right now but the website I use
for those is down so I'm going to try to find an alternate resource here real quick uh dark soccer
would you mind uh doing things out of order here live radio it's a blast there's only one it's on
the february 4th grow home will be out on pc which um I don't even know what that's about
I'm gonna look at it maybe you like have a one of those uh hydroponic gardens that uh
oh it's by ubisoft it's an experimental pc platformer called grow home with a little
robot and it looks like he's stuck hanging out in um nights into dreams yeah all right well uh
I guess I'm not gonna be able to do japanese releases this week so sorry japan nothing is
coming out in your region absolutely nothing I'm just kidding uh let's move on though uh we've
got a few more news stories for you guys than the classic game of the week first up loki all right
so sony has pulled the support for a few of their non-game apps on the vita which is kind of sad
um I remember also they've dropped was it um near but I guess the maps app and the youtube app will
be removed as well um I guess the maps app you know which I think used some of the features of
near um is not or it's expected to be removed as part of um I guess a march update and then the
youtube app will be gone by april 20th so they're seeing though that you could still access youtube
through the web browser but it is kind of lame that they're removing that and honestly I don't
know why they would be doing that unless maybe they were doing an update to the whole I I'm some
part of me is like hoping that maybe they're doing just an update to the whole operating system on
the vita maybe that's going to be taking effect sometime soon and they're just removing this stuff
because it's going to be replaced by something better because I can't imagine that you know
having google maps on there is such a drain or of resources or something I don't really understand
why they would remove that but kind of disappointing um well the near I never understood
anyway so I I I haven't used that since the vita first came out near I think was more of like kind
of street passing but without going anywhere but it didn't make sense they never explained it very
well in the interface it was kind of silly um which I understand near isn't necessarily getting
shut down or whatever but without the maps functionality in the vita that may I think it's
probably a licensed thing wasn't uh wasn't vita licensing that from google wasn't sony licensing
the maps thing from google the license probably ran out and they decided so few people use it they
didn't want to renew it that's my thought anyway oh it's probably what it is uh and then uh the
youtube app probably because it works on the website and the vita you know level of people
who use youtube on the vita is so small they probably just don't want to use the resources
updating the vita app anymore so they have no no more support for it because youtube does add new
stuff like uh god what is it I saw now on the web is that it will auto play the next thing on the
playlist which I hate that shit when I go to youtube I want to watch one video if I want to
watch a playlist I'll let you know I'll make my own playlist but uh yeah I mean so the youtube
technologies are changing all the time so they probably just didn't want to build that into
uh the apps I'm actually glad they're going html5 oh did they yeah I thought they I thought they
were already on that for a while well I mean one thing I don't know if you've noticed um flash has
had like a bajillion updates lately it's so annoying and then now it's it freaking locks me
like it shuts flash down on every website unless I'm willing to update which is a real pain in the
butt while I'm trying to do these shows no well the other thing too is that I think that that
might be part of the reason why they've gone to html5 yeah but that of course you know watching
youtube on ios devices without having uh their app would you know that would help right but I
mean the app's all right yeah but I just think it's needed the technology is finally you know
yeah make it becoming more accessible to other people I like to use the app to load something
up and then I push the button that plays it on my playstation 4 that's what I like just
just trying to find something with the controller is a pain in the ass we've got a chromecast for
that oh yeah I don't have a chromecast for that so 30 bucks all right I'm cheap I have a playstation
4 that plays almost everything so I don't usually need one all right uh one more story for you guys
and this is about uh this is about a series that I love I love this and I'm not sure how I feel
about this news um one of my very very very favorite puzzle games ever is luminous and
luminous of course was a game that came out from q entertainment uh they also did another great
puzzle game very underrated game on the ds not the 3ds but the ds it was called medios and I love
this game and they did like a disney version of it that was eh and then they did a version on the
xbox 360 that was really weird to control with a controller but it was it was adequate for what it
was but anyway luminous and medios are two big awesome puzzle games uh that are apparently now
part of mobcast mobcast acquired luminous and medios from q entertainment so what are they
doing they're making a new luminous game for ios and android this will be a collaboration with
tetsuya mizuguchi so that's very interesting so that's where i feel mixed is because i love a lot
of q entertainment stuff but granted that's probably because of tetsuya mizuguchi so to hear
that he's still involved makes me a little more hopeful um i guess it's cool that it's coming to
cell phones uh i remember there was a luminous on ios and it was awful because the controls were
awful so if they're gonna fix that then i guess uh it'll be better i'm also very interested to
see what this is going to mean for medios because now medios with touch controls i could kind of see
that that actually might be really cool um so i'm curious to see how this all plays out so anyway
um mizuguchi is going to be working on luminous from his new studio enhance games but of course
mizuguchi left q entertainment uh after founding co-founding it in 2003 he left it in march so i
mean you know again i think a big part of the reason why i like q entertainment so much is
because of him so if he was gone anyway then at least he's still involved with these these babies
uh luminous and medios so um good luck mob cast and don't fuck it up because i really love these
games and i really need them to be good on the uh mobile devices if that i mean i kind of wish
it was console but i understand the vita one may not have done as well as y'all wanted it to and
maybe that's why q entertainment was looking to get rid of it or maybe they realized there wasn't
much they could do with it without tetsuya mizuguchi so i don't know i'm trying to keep an
open mind please please please don't screw it up mob cast please all right well let's go back to
let's go back to a more classic time in gaming's history because playing games on your portable
phones what is that about that's not something we used to do back in the day snake no you didn't
even have snake there was no more your phones were still attached to the wall remember my
that's mario nokia phone yeah that was great you see that over there by the coffee machine
you see that on the wall that's a phone jack you ever seen one of those before
yes and notice how it's rob i'm older than you i know you are that where i get my internet from
no no back in the day a little different all right yeah back in the day you'd have to call
you have to call aol have a second one put in so people could use the phone instead of knocking
you offline that's why aol was made although i'm not really sure we should introduce our listeners
to what the modem really sounds like all right listen to dubstep you'll get an idea all right
here it is your classic game of the week from way back when today's game is hino tori ho
hen uh gaonoboken which translates to phoenix chronicles gal's adventure and it was uh the
version in particular that we're covering today is the famicom version that was done by konami
not the msx one it had a similarly named one on msx um but the games were based off the manga
called a hino tori or phoenix uh done by um osamu teska who did uh tetsu on adam uh as in uh
what did we call him over here again astro boy yeah i had to think about that for a moment
because uh he also did um kimba the white lion and blackjack so those are a few others that
people over here might be more familiar with um so basically it's the story of a guy uh named
gaol who as a kid lost an arm and an eye and he was teased poor guy and he grew up bitter
very bitter and so uh as the story goes he's going um he uh basically got married had a you
know had a family and then went crazy and killed his wife so he's dark story yeah so basically he
went to try to reform his wife he became a buddhist became a sculptor and now uh he
is on a uh quest to recover pieces of a phoenix statue that's uh basically he's trying to get
eternal life by drinking the blood of the phoenix so basically it's a platform game
um you have to take gaol through uh 16 different levels to get 16 sculpture fragments and put the
phoenix back together um you have boss enemies at the end of each stage um in some levels instead
of the boss enemy you actually have to avoid traps um or you know walls or different things to you
know that try to impede your process it also has a life system so you have three lives and each have
a number of hit points so if you you know get hit by something you lose a hit point and when you get
zero you lose one of the three lives you also uh can lose lives by falling into a pit or failing
to complete the level before the timer runs out um and then um you also have a little thing that
you can do where if you are in a situation where you're trapped and can't progress you can press
the select button and he self-destructs you start the level over um and if he of course loses all
three of his lives he uh you get game over and you get the chance to continue from the beginning
of the stage so it's really a simple game i mean it's super fun uh i have i've played this one
before um i like the msx one because sort of like shock troopers except and well kind of like that
actually it's like a shooter like a playing game except you're running on the ground um but i like
the adventure games a little bit better especially since you know it's got such a compelling story
and i don't know if anyone's ever read any of the uh phoenix manga but it's such a good story i mean
it really is there's uh ferronome fans out there there's oavs i think the last one came out in 80
something i want to say but just gorgeous animation and it's nice you know that the
video games made it into parts of the story as well so um and it's so you're basically looking
at a little bit of uh one of the best known uh manga anime series that have been out but added
into the video game lore as well so there you go can you say the name of this game one more time
oh good lord in notary he notary hole and uh gal no bulking so um but now for anyone
who is a fan of diverse systems okay look here you listen
no i am not listening okay um there was a cd done by uh tomoyan that was 8-bit versus diverse systems
and one of the songs from the series made it in so uh if you listen to the end of the show you
might get to hear it uh live live live not podcast if not then you have to go out and
purchase a legitimate copy of or just find it on youtube all right uh there it is uh your classic
giveaway and i'm looking at chat there's a few people in chat talking about how um old anime
was dark i'm sorry i haven't watched i haven't watched a lot of the old ever watched dog of
flanders old prepare to cry old cartoons to me are like the muppet babies okay and the stuff
i grew up on which you know the muppet babies wasn't really a dark show although it would have
been funny if it was uh i just i was just thinking about i was reading the chat actually because pow
was like phoenix mongola was so good without being preachy yeah because i mean i've i've
always been a fan of um tesica his work has been just top notch and really uh approached topics
that were not really i think touched it at the time that he did it so it's very very brilliant
mind all right well there it is your classic game of the week pow dog of flanders where happiness
goes to die all right well that was a good pick that was one i have to admit i didn't really know
a lot about that game but knowing that it didn't i'm all about education that's good you got to
educate the masses heck yeah and i'm surprised you didn't you know most people you would expect
would have done something this week like techmo bowl or super high impact fuck the superb i was
trying to think of games that had owls as the head character i'll see that would have been there but
i would that would have just had me doing ocarina of time and how we wanted to shoot that owl in
his face i kept throwing so many deck uh games and star owls i keep thinking of harry potter
i don't know why head fig games the star what if there had been a head big in the angry inch video
game where you play as head big as the head big rpg you have to go never mind i don't know you're
just you're working as a midnight check out girl new new dream game head big in the angry
go into rpg maker and make me a head big game that is your commandment do the thing and on
and on the fourth day dark sakura said let there be head big awesome and there was snipping all
right uh look we're gonna take a break guys we got plenty more show to come when we come back
with more of orange launch radio right after this we have uh rapid fire news frugal question
of the week and that news segment coming up when we come back with more of orange launch radio right
after this welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live on this sunday night february the 1st
with the 585th episode of our show already in progress all right so i've been teasing
out earlier in the show that we're going to try out a new segment in the show and we're
going to put it right here and this is a response to you know last week you guys were talking about
or we all were really talking about the uh forums over at vog network.com and how um you know not a
lot of people are really using the forums and some of you guys in chat were like well you know we
we'd probably use the forums a little more if there were you know some discussions that you
know were were motivating us to go over there and post so i thought you know what all right all
right you know we get into a lot of debates here on the show we get into a lot of topics that we
talk about that maybe we're not always necessarily done even though we have a generous three hours
which is longer than most podcasts go for uh sometimes even three hours isn't enough to talk
about all the things that go on in gaming during the week so we might go over to the forums and
continue a conversation so you'll probably see me posting on the forums a lot uh either on the
orange lounge radio forum or in our general video gaming vog network forum you might see loki or
dark sakura pop over there as well as they have some things to say and then you guys have some
things to say and we're gonna kind of wrap that all into a segment we call forum follow-up so
let's get started with tonight's forum follow-up to some of the topics from last week's show
all right so for tonight's forum i thought something a little funky for this segment
would be a little bit a little bit different for you guys all right uh let's get to tonight's
forum follow-up so there's uh two topics i want to follow up on tonight and one is last week we
were talking about uh what makes a game worthy of your subscription fees and i made a post over
on the forums kind of expanding on my thoughts a little more about uh elder scrolls online and the
fact that elder scrolls online was going to be losing the subscription fee element of it and i
kind of asked the question like what why is it that some people will still pay for wow they'll
pay for final fantasy 14 what makes the game more worthy of those subscription fees and you can read
what i had to say on it over on the forums or you can listen to what flaco jones said in response
and flaco jones on this topic said i hate sub fees hate hate hate but i re-subbed to wow because
i love the game and i just had to see the new content i only pay 30 days at a time though never
recurring so i have the option to start and stop when i want it's worth it because i'm having a
blast but i think a sub model is so outdated and a rip-off when 60 games like skyrim dragon age and
diablo give you hundreds of hours of content let's not talk about how many hours i've sunk
into diablo 3 okay you know it just popped it in my head huh i can quit any time yeah right yeah
i'm sure that's what alan would say about diablo 3 right now because he's not playing right now or
anything he's either playing that or dragon age inquisition it's got to be one of those he's
playing laundry he's playing with sanrio to be fair he's playing i did go back and pet sanrio
by the way good good uh continuing on with flaco jones's thought here uh hundreds of hours of
content for one price and maybe add on some dlc to pay for later if wow just charge subs to do
stupid endgame crap like rating or whatever i'd be the happiest gamer ever because i just like to
level and question stuff and i think paying for the expansion should cover the cost at least um
so that was on that topic and then another topic to follow up on was amiibos at the top of the show
last week i was talking a little bit about amiibo and how i personally was feeling like i'm kind of
over it like i am over this amiibo fever i hate this artificial shortage that nintendo is creating
they should just have an online store when this stuff is so popular like i i spelled out my
thoughts on the forums a little more um verbosely and some of you guys responded to uh my thoughts
and so i want to read some of those responses uh gamer fox replied and said the extremely limited
availability of certain amiibo is a real turn off it's also frustrating to order the products online
as orders have been canceled or postponed indefinitely but for me most of the hunt
happens in person and i've been pretty lucky so far in scoring some from various retailers like
toys r us which is right by my house i'm not looking for a complete collection which sets
me apart from others perhaps i'm okay with not getting all those really limited characters as
long as they're not ones that i really want like uh like bowser or legend of zelda characters
my latest pickup last night was literally a stroke of pure luck i can see how that kind of roll the
dice can be frustrating for fans i entirely echo that sentiment i'm mostly collecting the amiibo
because they're collectibles and i like the figures i'm also hoping for some increased
functionality from nintendo down the line too and then uh pow also responded to this and said
i like the amiibo but the low availability changed my initial plan to get them all
i'm not going to start a collection when even mr awata is telling me that having the whole
collection is going to be hard i got the ones that i consider to be classics and now i'm
done with amiibo i wasn't surprised with the initial sold out panic moment but i am surprised
with nintendo's lack of interest for restocking them i'm not buying the whole shelf space is a
challenge story since i was born in europe and many of my european buddies don't have as many
issues to find them than my american friends sorry but the idea that shelf space is an issue in the
usa but not in japan sounds like a bad joke even if that excuse is true you have an online store
nintendo use it oh pow really summarizes my feelings on the matter uh personally very well
i think it makes a great point there is it's like okay so you somehow have the shelf space in japan
but you don't have it here i mean i guess i understand the collectibles may be a little more
of a thing in japan but i just i have a hard time believing that shelf space is that big of a
concern here especially with how crazy some of that stuff sells and um you know even today target
released the rosalina figures and i know multiple people on twitter that were up at the crack of
dawn to go line up a target and get their rosalina figures you know and like i'm not one to knock on
other people's hobbies and what's fun for you and if you got a reward out of that i'm happy for you
and so forth but it's kind of one of those like i am like over it like if why can't i just log on to
amazon and buy it like a new pair of socks like or any other nintendo game or something like that
like i don't understand why it's such a it's like it's february 1st it's not the holidays where
we're all lining up for that stuff it's just it's so weird to me so weird uh looking in the chat room
over at live.vog network.com fifth dream says ami bover it
anyway uh i hate to i hate to leave that so negative on amiibo but that was uh that was
some of the feedback but i have seen a lot of positive i think the people that feel real
positive about amiibo are just too busy playing super smash brothers and leveling their amiibos
to 50 uh to comment this week i guess i'm gonna assume that's the case so anyway there it is
first edition of forum feedback we obviously we're never gonna be able to read every forum post
and they'll usually have to be edited for length but we do you know it is a show where every gamer
has a voice and our forums is another place where you can share your voice over at vog network.com
you click on forums or you can just go to forums.vognetwork.com
to register participation for this week's episode of orange on radio at vognetwork.com
use the passphrase rice all right let's get into some rapid fire news tonight loki
okay so i don't know you know basically dragon's dogma online sounds pretty awesome and it's this
brand new free-to-play game that they're gonna be putting out on playstation 4 playstation 3 and pc
now i never really got into the original dragon dogma game but this almost sounds like and
i don't know if you've heard much about it rob it almost sounds like to me the co-op stuff that
they have for dragon age inquisition because it's basically going and be going off um with parties
i guess they're saying um parties of eight are um you know i guess up to four players for certain
parties and then they also have um you can spawn ai players as well so up to a party of eight four
player real people and then um i guess that you just kind of go off on these like quests and stuff
and do different missions or whatever but they're also going to have these hub worlds where there's
a bunch of people they can interact with so maybe a little bit dragon age inquisition and maybe a
little bit like fancy star online i guess i don't know well those are some of my favorite games
although i in all honesty i kind of find the dragon age inquisition multiplayer to be a little
bit repetitive it's it's it feels way more grindy than mass effect did it doesn't it doesn't click
the same for me but again i know other people are really enjoying it so i'm not to knock on
other people's fun but this dragon's dogma sounds very interesting i don't know much about the online
one but uh i'd check it out yeah they haven't really announced any sort of dates or anything
and right now it's just scheduled for japan this year so i guess we'll have to wait a little bit
before we hear about it or hopefully it does come over here who knows um but yeah um sounds
interesting uh they're saying though they also um there was a european trademark for the game as
well so hopefully that means that there will be um an international release for it as well at least
in the uk um and then to go along um with a game that i've been playing lately which is the lego
marvel superheroes they have now um announced a few more lego titles for 2015 and with that
includes um lego jurassic world and lego's marvel adventures or marvel's avengers yeah so um
i guess i'll have to pick up the avengers game and they haven't really said yet when those are
supposed to be coming out oh um also if you're not into the licensed lego like movie properties
they also have the lego ninjago shadow of ronin that's supposed to be coming out later on i got
made to watch some of that show the lego ninjago yes i'm trying to get my son to watch other lego
stuff because uh you know they don't really have um it made more marvel games it made my soul hurt
have they done lego jurassic park games before or is this the first lego jurassic park toys i think
huh but not not the games not not games i think i mean i remember the jurassic park games back when
like that first movie was out and like i the super nintendo one was scary as hell because that was
right when first person and doom doom s type of games were really starting to take over so they
kind of did that on super it was scary interesting see what they do um i don't know they had raptors
in one of the levels in lego marvel superheroes the thing that doesn't click for me is that
jurassic park and that whole thing it's not i i didn't think it was supposed to be something that
was cute like it's kind of scary i guess it's you know it's pg-13 scary it's you know poltergeist
scary but it's still scary yeah i don't know how they're gonna exactly do that could could they do
lego poltergeist if they can do lego can we have a little lego gypsy lady and if you don't own
consoles though but you have um an ios device they also announced that they're gonna be bringing the
lego movie and lego batman 3 beyond gotham to those devices as well huh interesting so um i
don't know i'm interested in checking out the lego marvel avengers i'm a little worried that they may
i don't know it may not be as robust as like the first game honestly that's what kind of kept me
away from lego batman 3 is that it wasn't open world like you know marvel superheroes was i'm
more interested in lego batman 2 but i don't really want to pick that up for my playstation
3 since i'm using a playstation 4 now um and then they have announced the titles for xbox's uh games
of gold for february so in february you'll be able to get uh for xbox one idarb which is kind of a
strange sports game that has a ton of integration with uh twitch and twitch chat you can basically
troll the people playing the game with um chat comments and uh you'll actually get to play that
uh free and i think earlier um it's supposed to be coming out in february i'm not sure when
it's exactly launching let's see here now they haven't said when it's launching standalone
outside i'm guessing outside of february but uh you'll be able to you know pick it up for free
and then also on xbox 360 for the first half of the month they will be giving you um let's see
well so i guess it's idarb for the first half of the month i thought that was only on xbox one
though i know that the other two titles uh brothers a tale of two sons will be coming out as well and
then the second half of the month they're gonna have sniper elite v2 so lots of 505 stuff for
this month i guess um so yeah let's see your free titles so go pick them up even if you don't want
them because you might someday and it's free uh the folks in chat over at live.vog network.com
talking a lot about the lego stuff uh tiger claw says uh lego jurassic world willing uh which will
include all four movies so i didn't know that is that going to incorporate the whole lore hopefully
well i can't imagine that they'd be able to stretch out one movie's worth of stuff into
that i don't know and then fifth dream says uh lego the rocky horror picture show and links me
to a youtube i can't do youtubes or broadcasting live but i can only imagine what that must look
like i somehow think that is not an official lego brand i don't think but if it was that's hilarious
oh my god i can see them doing remember they were trying to push for the lego uh back to the future
or something like that i could see i'll be cool well tiger claw says uh the lego games i'd love
to see happen one day they need to do lego teenage mutant ninja turtles exactly i was just about to
say that because they have the toys for that so why not i would be fun totally be down for that
i know my son be down for that too all right uh let's do some more quick news here uh starting
off with this a wonder boy spiritual successor monster boy could happen for weu and this is going
to be based off a kickstarter uh the kickstarter page for the game says that right now the game is
only going to be coming to the playstation 4 and pc but there are some other formats and some folks
hoping that weu xbox one would be some of those other formats so monster boy is an all-new adventure
uh that is uh created with the creator of the original monster world uh it can be considered
an official part of the series but since the trademark is owned by sega they had to change
the name new hand-drawn graphics and an improved art style uh new transformations replacing the
bear and the hamster uh the game will still have an open world but some of the environments have
changed that fit a little more with the monster world universe so if you're curious in checking
that out again and you know i i'm sure a lot of folks would love to see that come to weu
but it's going to have to make a lot of money so i get over to that kickstarter you can come
to at least playstation 4 uh that is on kickstarter if you want to check that out for
monster boy i'm sure if you look that up you will find it quickly um cave story 2 it's probably a
thing um especially if some of the things revealed on desktops at packs south are to be believed
uh during pack south uh i guess uh a folder for cave story 2 was spotted on a laptop from the
game publishers but you know i mean duh the cave story 2 is probably a thing this doesn't strike me
as something that's particularly surprising but there you go it looks like something that is being
worked on or i mean anything could be in that folder though it could just be concepts it could
be things that were ultimately cancelled i kind of doubt it but it could be it could be it could
be fanfic it could be fanfic it very well could be it could be uh could be things downloaded from
deviantart who knows anyhow um speaking of deviantart and uh some of the art people are
going to make with this world of warcraft in the latest patch 6.1 is going to be giving out a new
item called the s e l f i e camera that's right it's a selfie camera and that's what it does it
allows you to have your character take selfies did the gnomes make it um i'm assuming they had
to have i don't know who made gnomes gave us disco balls i know it's a trinket that you actually
equip on your character um and that's you know i don't see any of the lore behind this but i'm
sure it's got to be a gnome thing sure it has to be anyway i'm glad that selfie cameras can
be part of world warcraft lore yeah right well i imagine it's going to be the type of thing that
people uh do uh machinima use this in machinima it's like a new camera angle for some people
but the other thing about the selfie camera is that not only do you take selfies of your
character but this is actually kind of funny because you do a mission and you get an upgrade
kit that gives you the selfie camera mk2 and now you get filters for your selfies instagram in wow
yeah it worked out well for them in grand theft auto 5 so i can't i can't i can't complain filter
yeah it's a little it's a it's a little stretching it you know trying to incorporate into lore but
whatever i guess it should be noted now it should be noted that also coming in the 6-1 patch for
world of warcraft is twitter integration and i think maybe facebook integration but i know
just twitter integration where you can tweet you mean spam integration from you can tweet from
within world of warcraft so gosh this makes an awful lot of sense because now not only can people
post selfies of their real selves through instagram they can post selfies of their fake selves
right there in world of war you realize we're a patch away from slash pizza
i'm surprised it's not already a thing that's why i don't remember slash slash panda express
i think was the thing yes so there it is uh the selfie camera coming to world of warcraft dark
sakura well um moving into a different uh genre we'll go into some fighting games um
mortal kombat x it is x not 10 right so anyway at least that's how they're going yeah yeah
stupid anyway um ermak is the latest roster uh latest person showing up in the roster
and um there are uh already videos of them up on the nether realm twitch stream um katana and
reptile are also on the character select screen um they're going to be played on the next stream
but right now ermak and uh it's going to be out on april 14th don't get it for me for my birthday
that clueless gamer stream video was hilarious did you see that the clueless gamer that conan
o'brien did with the two two football guys playing mortal kombat and i know football but it was
really funny it was really really funny because surely actions surely you've heard of the guy
from the seahawks that got up there and was like i'm only here so i won't get fined and he was
answering all the questions of the president i'm only here so i won't get fined well he was in the
conan o'brien video and he was much more animated like you know you actually got to see like a more
personable side of him but what i thought was great is that they were sitting there playing
mortal kombat and you know conan says something about like what type of games do you like guys
like to play and that same guy who goes mario kart because toad and it's just but i mean and i
actually i actually did write a tweet about this because i thought it was very interesting that
this obvious mortal kombat x promo video kind of turned into uh mortal kart um mario kart nintendo
discussion and just speaks to the power of those games that nintendo makes like the reaction to
like some of the the fatalities well even oh my god even my reaction to the fatalities like okay
look i love mortal kombat there's always been a place for mortal kombat it's very over the top
but you guys know i don't like gore i don't like saw and all this which i know is weird like how
do you like mortal kombat but you don't like gore it's really really fake because yeah in the
original mortal kombat games it was over the top stupid fake like in mortal kombat 2 okay they
slice off the person's head and just a big glob of blood goes you know it's really stupid and fake
right but now as i'm watching more and more for this one i'm like okay it's still over the top but
it's it's getting a little much like getting the skin cam or the the skeleton where they chop off
the front half of the guy's face and the brain falls out and others i'm like this is this is
getting to be a bit much i'm not sure about my feelings was it like he sucker punched her in
the vagina or something like that that was hilarious you can't do that oh yeah their
reaction to that was was it was it was cassie cage did that it was uh cassie cage did the split thing
that her dad johnny cage used to do right and she punches that b girl in the she visited her place
and it was uh it was like their reaction was like oh fisting in mortal kombat yes yes yes hilarious
anyway well how about something a little bit less violent i mean it's still violent but less violent
okay um udon um udon has done some fantabulous uh capcom artwork they've done some of the last
few of the official uh art books and whatnot and uh some of the comics but they um have a
project out right now that's called the uh capcom fighting tribute where they're basically taking
fan submissions to go into the book um they've extended the uh deadline until february 9th so
that you can go on to uh the udon blog and do your submission but some other people who um have uh
contributed to the past ones i mean uh which were the uh street fighter tribute and dark stalkers
tribute were like brian leo malley and scott campbell and wendy chew different people you know
who tremendous artwork um were in some of the previous editions so if you make it in you would
be in good company and you have to put olr somewhere in your artwork yes hide it somewhere
in there please hide it make us make us a easter egg and then in more serious news the fcc has
raised minimum broadband standards by a whole bunch minimum broadband is now 25 mbps instead
of four um and the new minimum upload speed is three from one so that means that basically
homes that don't have good broadband are now going to be federally granted better broadband
which is funny because uh talking with some of my friends overseas like they're on average like six
you know and that's good so we really are spoiled for broadband over here but if we've got the
technology and the means to do it why not and it's also that they can't market something as
broadband unless it reaches these certain levels right yeah exactly got it because i mean i think
now you've got uh at least what 2k on uh certain dial-ups and yeah so uh this is you know it's
good news it means that we're gonna have better you know faster internet for more people or playing
a you know rock band online let's hope there's a new rock band to play online we'll see all right
well let's get to the foogle question of the week uh you take facebook and google plus you slam it
together you get foogle each week we like to ask a question of our facebook and google communities
and we're going to read some of our favorite answers on the show right now uh we asked a
pretty easy question this week because you know obviously you know we're not oblivious to what's
going on in the real world there's probably a lot of people listening to the podcast this week and
less live because of a particular phenomenon that seems to happen this time of year it's the
commercial bowl right everybody's watching the commercials for the puppies right the puppies
all playing against each other the katy perry concert all right well anyway look uh so we all
know there's a big football game today uh and we're sure you all know about big sports games
like madden and fifa but what's your favorite obscure sports game now a lot of things qualify
as sports so i purposely let's left this vague because i want to see what people came up with
so maybe it's something you see on espn 3 or the ocho or maybe it's a foot basket baseball game
that not a lot of people have heard about so what's your favorite non-mainstream sports game
so some of the comments in chat ander says i love magic the gathering that was on espn at one point
so i guess that counts does magic the gathering count of sports i guess i guess i guess it does
whatever you consider have you ever been to a tournament rob there are people who sweat there
that's that's true that is true uh critical myth says i wish it'd been a better game
but the quidditch ea game from the ps2 era was fun for a little while there you go some harry
potter quidditch weren't some people trying to turn that into a real sport at some point like
quote i mean like a sport in the real world rules already it's on a foot foot thing yeah where you
play it i would think you'd at least play it on roller skates so you can glide it's kind of like
with a broom handle between your legs so it just looks like you go around whipping
people with your giant broom handle okay maybe this is maybe i just need to keep some thoughts
to myself uh mike b replies on facebook saying i would like to see croquet and badminton i'm
surprised there's never been a there's got to be a croquet or a badminton game out there somewhere
especially badminton come on everybody loves a shuttlecock you know what that's what they're
called i want lawn darts the game who in lawn darts game where you you know if you hit somebody
you win you uh win like 50 million points for they have a lawn darts game it was in one of
these stupid casual games for we were you know those multi-game casual games they have lawn
darts in there okay but i want lethal lawn darts all right lethal is that a dream game lethal
then that would be i think there were lawn darts in zombies ate my neighbors i think maybe i don't
remember you know why lawn darts were banned because of people you know getting poked with them
impaled because those are huge francisco you replied and said uh does daytona usa on the
sega saturn count do do do do do do do do do anyway uh hitstun says just win jammers count the flying
disc game isn't a real life sport but it should be it's great at fighting game events go for broke
all right those are some of the answers from facebook let's look at google plus though because
i remembered to put the question on google plus this week can i get a round of applause thank you
and we got one answer on google plus worth it all right and we have redertainment who says wwe
smack down of course of course a rasslin title's got to be in there of course how about you guys
favorite non-standard sports game or non-mainstream sports game
any uh anything to throw out there i'm trying to think which would be the uh
silliest the two answers i'm gonna have to go with dead or alive beach volleyball
technically it's a sport technically dead or alive beach volleyball all right that's going
that's going i actually i'm thinking of a lot of answers for this um i think i don't know what
about you darcyra i was gonna say uh croquet heather's edition that's not a game okay what
about a real game there's gotta be there's gotta be some sports esque title out there um
bishibashi is almost a sport um ddr tetris tetris it's
i'm not sure tetris is a sport but all right flexible thinking quickly it's brain sports
uh i'm gonna go i'm gonna throw it way back to my days growing up on the commodore 64 and i'm
gonna say i'm gonna say summer games too a good olympics game that was a lot of five i spent
40 games i spent many hours skater die there you go there's a sports i was wondering if somebody
was gonna say skater die or 720 hasn't that ever come back no no no that's a good question tuben
tuben tuben all right i would love to see that series come back um
what about kirby's dream course that was a golf game that's very non-standard i like that one
all right rc pro-am maybe i could go for that one you know you know dan is a rc car enthusiast
good times good times all right those are some of our answers here in studio pinbot thank you
guys for participating with the frugal question of the week let's get back to some news loki
all right yeah does unit racers count because that i mean i think you'd erasers ought to count
that's a great race a great one unicycles anyways um sega sammy is cutting hundreds of jobs
they're basically prioritizing on digital games because uh console market isn't working out for
them too well but they're going to be cutting or i should say soliciting voluntary retirement
for around 300 employees and they're saying um 120 are supposed to be approached by next month
and most of the layoffs um include the in i guess uh include the uh san francisco
offices in southern california offices
this makes me sad first first it was the fact that the sega logo wasn't on that building anymore
and it was a zinga logo that went up on that building and now now to hear that sega is no
longer going to have a presence at all in san francisco is depressing to say the least
i don't know i just think i think the uh sonic's just not working out for them i guess i don't
well i don't you know i don't i don't know like there there seems to be some things that sega
seems to do pretty well on that um that uh kart racing game the sega all-stars sonic racing that
was pretty good it was a competent game i mean it wasn't quite at the level of mario kart but
it was a good kind of bandage for that first year of the wii u when there wasn't a mario kart like
it was they need to just go back to the day when they're making like dreamcast games because the
dreamcast stuff was awesome also like fantasy star online 2 like fantasy star online had a
birthday this week in the us anyway i know the japanese release was a little sooner but in the
us fantasy star online had a birthday this week and and it made me think how long has fantasy
star online 2 been out and then they even have nova on the vita and we just don't even don't
even have a lick of a trace of it here in the us i guess they just don't think it's gonna do well
and now that this closure is happening it just makes me go well shit if they're gonna focus
only on mobile and stuff now we're hosed we're not gonna see it anymore it's very sad maybe
they're the next company that's gonna go under uh i hate to think that but doesn't sega also
have a big business i mean they're probably that but they have a huge business in um arcade games
they run arcades in japan and here don't they yeah i wouldn't want to see them go under them
they do the crane games a lot of it's possibly that we just won't see they'll go the way konami
whereas yeah they're you know you're gonna see maybe a release or two a year and it's just all
gonna be mobile tiles well but at least konami's got pt silent hills if nothing else that's true
there's nothing else and he is all metal gear yeah your solid five t is all it will be a good
year for them and winning 11 that still cares about that wrong country yes this country doesn't
care about that other countries it's important in other countries so all right uh well i'm i
don't know this this news makes me very sad and it was i mean for me this was the same day as all
the nintendo stuff we were debating earlier so i mean where some of my thought comes from on why
i do think game companies should get a cut because when i hear about stuff like this i'm like well
maybe yeah i mean if if even if the sega that they got a cut from let's play videos only amounted to
like a hundred thousand dollars that could still be like two people's jobs well in san francisco
salaries maybe only one person's job but you know it could still help them in keeping some of these
that's never how that money's that's never how it's been it's not about keeping someone's job
it's you know that's a hundred thousand extra dollars that they could have you know in profit
not like oh we're not gonna keep we're gonna keep another person here uh some comments in chat over
at live.vog network.com s2100 matt says alien isolation sold like crazy for them recently
but that isn't an originally licensed title dungeon buster says sonic boom tanked hard
everyone hated it yeah sonic boom didn't look super appealing to me i must say shocking that
they took no feedback from anybody and like said hey you know everyone's like you know what those
were hog sections in the games before we fucking hated them just give us sonic and they're like
hey we're gonna put more of that stuff in there we're gonna make him super tall for no fucking
reason all right well uh thanks to some hackers because you know hackers gonna hack uh some
hackers took a look at the uh new nintendo 3ds and the new nintendo 3ds xl which coming out here
in the states in a couple weeks but uh the japanese ones are already out there right i was talking
about my experience playing one on last week's show uh the hackers have found out by looking
through these consoles that there is a video decoder that supports h264 why is this important
because it's the same video format used to stream wii u content to the gamepad so of course folks
are speculating could the new 3ds actually function as a wii u gamepad which is funny
because i want to say when the wii u first came out i threw this suggestion out there about the
current 3ds but some folks were saying it couldn't handle it the processing power wouldn't be enough
well now here we are with the new 3ds that maybe does have the processing power to handle that
is this nintendo's way around producing um new uh or or the standalone uh gamepads wii u gamepads
so that you can have games that support more than one gamepad because right now games can't really
support more than one gamepad but if they made it so that oh well you could use your new 3ds as a
as a full functional wii u controller then that would open it up for all these new experiences
assuming of course people have new 3ds is available but in a lot of nintendo households
they probably do so it wouldn't surprise me to hear that this is the route they're going to go down
i don't know why can't i use the gamepad as a 3ds that's a great question and i think that's
something you'll probably i mean virtual console i i can't believe it hasn't already happened where
ds games are coming out on virtual console at least ds games but i don't know maybe it's still
a matter of time we'll see so we'll see what develops with that dark sakura well you know
everyone is everyone familiar with the left behind series i roll insert here well um there
is a Hawaiian court sided with the securities exchange commission sec against an executive from
the publisher left behind games who was caught um doing uh using insider information um for stock
trading so basically uh he uh got the got kicked pretty hard for it so basically um the founder
this is the same court that also nailed the founder Troy Linden for uh found him liable
for 3.6 million in disgorgement interest and penalties um after granting sec's motion for
summary judgment so basically uh for being a you know quote christian organization they sure are
some greedy bastards mailed that's it all right i'm starting to see if anybody is commenting that
over at live.vognetwork.com in our chat room but uh most people still still stuck on the 3ds uh
tiger coloss saying it'd be nice if the new 3ds had the ability to broadcast the games on twitch
instead of having people send in their old 3ds to get it modded with a 3ds capture device but
it sounds like Jamie what you're talking about is more where i say oh these companies should get
that extra hundred thousand dollars they can help them save jobs that money would really be used for
things you're talking about right like insider stock trading and all that type of crap it just
means i just i hate people who are more interested in their own personal greed than in the well-being
of other people that's i'm gonna get political with it i'm gonna get political that's a problem
with capitalism there has to be some kind of balance in the system that's going to make sure
that other people are going to be well taken care of so but you know the thing is that as many
people get nailed for this there's more of them getting you know pats on the back from their
investors or from the people they've done favors for or you know their government buddies so it's
just i'm i'm gonna stop before i go on a tangent it's fine it happened everybody has personal
thoughts on things i'm served some may disagree but that's that's why we're the show where every
gamer has a voice all right uh a few more stories for you guys before we get to the mailbag logie
so he is getting some more seed money uh with the chinese e-commerce company alibaba apparently
they've injected 10 million dollars into uh the console and the thought is that they're
possibly going to be using the uia software and game library to um add it to their set top box
and you may remember that they have that uia everywhere um initiative that they started off
with the mad cats mojo console which actually i haven't really heard too much about that console
since it's i'm pretty sure that's out already i wonder how that works with the mojo and if it
works well it'd be interesting to see um julie erman didn't confirm that but apparently it's
been reported by the wall street journal and uh basically you know they had all they've confirmed
is that they've been working with other partners to bring their platform and games to devices um
you know starting with the mad cats um device here in the u.s and um zao mi in china so i don't
it's interesting i keep forgetting about the uya yeah i was like i was gonna ask like so what's the
uya been up to for the past years because fuck if i know i mean it seems like there's still you know
when i guess like stuff on there but yeah when i go to some of the trade shows like at e3 last
year at the indie cave booth you know it definitely is there's a lot of indie support for uya but the
thing is a lot of the stuff that's on uya i feel like is still available on steam so as somebody
who already owns a pc and does a lot of gaming there i don't always see the need to get the uya
separately but this is very interesting if uya is going to try and carve a niche for itself maybe in
foreign markets where you know especially in a place like china a lot of these other consoles
don't do business in china or i think wasn't the xbox one like supposed to like just come out in
china but then it got pushed back and you know but like they're trying to kind of break through
so it'd be very interesting if the uya can maybe carve a niche for that and being you know because
china's a pretty big place if you weren't aware it would be interesting to see if maybe uya can
make money in those markets that are tapped for some of the other big players it would be
interesting to see i i'm kind of curious to do some more research on that mojo console just
because i know that's out already and one of the cool things about it was you're able to map like
controls using the controller for games that didn't necessarily support controllers if that
makes sense yeah um so i'm kind of curious to see it looks like that they just basically run the
uya games through an app on the actual device plus you know can do just android games as well so
i'd be curious to see how that how that looks or and also to see if the games on that console play
better than say on the uya itself because uya itself isn't that powerful so it'd be kind of
interesting to see you know how that would differ and besides that looks like i like their controller
a lot better all right well um moving on to a story about final fantasy 15. i know a lot of
you guys are looking forward to final fantasy 15 of course we don't know the date for that yet but
we do know a demo is coming out with final fantasy type 0 hd which is due on the playstation 4 but
even though we're being promised that we're going to get this final fantasy 15 demo with
final fantasy type 0 there is a possibility that the final fantasy 15 demo may not make it in time
for final fantasy type 0 hd and where this is coming from is from an ask me anything that was
done this week uh the director behind type 0 hajima tabata actually went on reddit to do one
of these ask me anythings and one of the things he said about the final fantasy 15 demo he didn't
want to share you know he wanted to focus on type 0 and getting people to pre-order it but uh as far
as the final fantasy 15 demo went he said the team is doing its best but they're still optimizing the
game it may not make type 0's hd launch a few details were given out though that you will be
able to jump in the game and cindy's identity will be revealed in or is it cindy or sydney i
thought it was sydney because it's a female cid now in 15 or i guess we're gonna get that answer
if uh you know perhaps if uh cindy or sydney or whatever her name is is the actual incarnation
of syd in the game or maybe it's like syd's daughter or something who knows there's a
million things that could be going on uh we'll find that out in the final fantasy 15 demo
apparently whenever that comes out it may not actually come out i would imagine what would
happen if it doesn't make type 0's release is that you'll get a code for the demo that will download
whenever they do release it a couple weeks later but it may not be the same time now keep in mind
this isn't the first game to ever have this happen for example a game like crackdown way
back on the xbox 360 yes the original crackdown on 360 one of the big reasons why people bought
that game was because of the halo 3 demo right but the halo 3 demo was not the exact same time
as crackdown came out it was well after you know it was a couple months after so it's not like
there isn't precedent for this ever happening before so i want to say that they said originally
that it wasn't going to be at the same time maybe a later date but you just get access to it i think
a lot of people might be assuming that i don't know i was going to pick up type 0 anyway the
final fantasy 15 demo is just kind of icing on the cake in my opinion but we'll see we'll see if uh
it impacts sales or what have you meanwhile we're going to go to the mailbag you guys send us emails
every week at participate at orange lounge radio.com and dark soccer is going to dive into
the mailbag head first and uh find some emails from y'all that are worth going but first this
time but first cannonball cannonball yep so we actually have a bunch of emails from uh robert m
all right i i hope they're all as short as the first one so i'll go look at them
after hearing the raging spazzinators advice i plan to call sony support next week i'm writing
this wednesday 1 28 instead of repairs or replacement work this week has been pretty
busy and i haven't actually had any of the issues i described for a while but have no intention of
taking it for granted is there any way to back up key save data onto physical media just to be
on the safe side before we go further i'm going to see if he figured it out for himself but i
just want to say for those that aren't aware if you didn't hear last week's show um in a nutshell
i'm cutting corners but this guy was worried that his playstation was failing and he was wondering
should he buy a new playstation 3 like what should we what should he do and a lot of us were saying
just call sony and see you know weigh your options if nothing else indeed indeed so next email from
robert m addenda since my last email i did contact sony via live chat today sunday about 1 30 to 1 45
pm the text says impression was that the battery on the motherboard depleting and he gave me the
information setting up a repair ticket i may call the number later tonight or during the next work
week i'll let you know if i try it before the show thanks again robert m he must have tried
it before the show because we have another email i feel like i'm reading somebody's live journal
whelp dear live journal whelp phone support is not available on sunday and now about 6 pm
my console is giving a 807 10092 error when i try to go online oh i just synced my trophies a few
hours ago and everything else is getting wi-fi i wrote down all my info we'll try to call tomorrow
um as for backing up your stuff i have no idea because i've never actually tried to copy any
of my stuff off my ps3 yeah you can you just have a usb drive that's formatted fat32 yep answered
so now i'm going to read an email that is not from robert m but good luck robert i'm sure uh
hopefully we'll probably have another email if it's just like a battery like a bios battery that's
on going dead on i mean that would be fucking cheap you just have to rip your system apart but
that would be fucking cheap to replace yeah so ready they'll charge you 200 for it yep
hello olr my name is brice aka physics major which thank you for telling me how to pronounce
their interesting spelling of it i used to listen to olr every weekend a few years back but i psyched
off for a while there i just recently started listening every week again i also participated
for the first time this past weekend i really enjoyed myself and i wish i could do it more often
i wanted to say thank you thank you for putting on a great show that allows gamers from every corner
of the community to come together as one i enjoy your show week after week i even recommended your
show to my friend who now listens to you guys gold star 50 of them unfortunately i will not be able
to listen live and participate this weekend i hope to do so more often but i will listen to the
podcast on monday thanks for all you do bryce well thank you and that's okay if we forgive you
thank you very much for writing that email seriously because um without going into this
too much i was having a bit of a rough week earlier this week and i got some kind of bad news
midweek and it's kind of one of those things where it's like eh we'll probably get around it we'll
get over it but it's it's one of those things where it was a hump and not a good kind yeah it
was it was the not good kind of hump and sometimes you know there's a lot of i don't know i don't
know how to phrase it but sometimes i feel like this show has been around for so long and yet
for some people it's just not good enough what we're doing what we're doing is just not
legitimate enough and i'm not sure what legitimate even is but apparently oh and i know what you're
talking about on certain days of the week we're not it you know type of thing and it's just it
depends what you're trying to do as far as legitimacy god it's so frustrating sometimes
it's like you know i'm just trying to create a good show here but whatever and honestly like
not even an hour after i was just kind of dealing with all those frustrations i peek in the mailbag
just to get an idea of what's going to be coming for the show a little early and i actually saw
your email and it was a really great reminder of like you know what to hell with everybody else
there's a lot of awesome people a lot of awesome people who check out olr some of you all every
week some of you keep tabs on us once a month some of you listen binge binge listen and then go away
for a while and come back and binge listen some more and that's all fine and good with me like
i just i consider myself extraordinarily lucky that you guys are here and that you give a shit
about what we have to say and that you give a shit enough where many of you become engaged
and actually write emails and participate and for that i'm like so thankful and it just kind
of reminds me that all this other stuff is just bullshit and fuck them you guys are awesome
fuck everybody else that's that's me and that's that's been my week in a nutshell
well i also have to say that it means a lot to me too um just because and i actually i messaged
you uh when we were both sort of having kind of a crappy week and uh it was uh
it's really a a pickup to say that um you know to have something someone say something so nice
yeah you guys really are and i mean not just this email that landed at a nice time but a lot of you
have written very kind emails and chat comments and twitter messages and just you know thank you
guys so much for reminding us of our motivation on why we've been able to do this for 13 years
and um i know some i know some people um what's that what do you um shane's not gonna like this
well okay um cops say uh this is actually kind of well it's it's kind of geeky news but really sad
ricardo medina jr who played the red ranger in some of the franchise films for power rangers
um argued with his roommate and then stabbed his girlfriend with a sword what killed her and then
stabbed his roommate that's how dare you derail my sunshine and rainbow speech to talk about some
stupid murder well i shouldn't say stupid but something such a downer it was what are you a
nationwide commercial god it was just like i i'm sorry i was floored when i saw it so it's all
right anyway happy rainbows ponies shitting unicorn god that was literally the nationwide
commercial of tonight's show jesus sorry all right anyway um so uh where was i uh yeah sunshine and
rainbows you guys are the motivation for us doing this and i'm very thankful to have you guys here
and be the uh be the reason we keep doing this anyway i could gloat for another 30 minutes on on
the the happy warm fuzzies you guys uh give me but then shane would just link something else
like you know oh did you these other red rangers are not did you know about all this disease in the
world that's still not cured while your show's going on uh anyway all right let's move on is
that is that it for emails is there anything else uh my headache came back oh i'm sorry
to hear that pink berry all right uh let's get to the fus of the week
is
fuck you to the red power ranger i'm so sorry i can't i mean it's very sad um
thank you marissa marissa does hashtag not all power rangers
um seriously though just all of the this is just really another thing to add to the layers
of bullshit going on in the world i just want to say just people for the few people of you who
restore my faith in humanity on a daily basis by doing nice things by adopting puppies and kittens
and you know leaving you know paying somebody's playing you know paying somebody's tab at dinner
for a complete stranger doing nice things we need more of you people in the world and fewer of the
assholes that are only looking to line their own pockets or looking out for number one if if i i
encourage people this if you vote if you act in you know the public interest anything that you do
every so often just look beyond yourself and ask yourself if someone else is going to benefit from
it too that's all i ask and then actually benefit other people all right now loki um i guess just
fb my cat you're not a programmer cat you don't know what the fuck you're doing
so i'm messing with my shit
minda does that too um especially when she tries to program with her ass i mean come on
that takes talent you can't do that minda's trying to guide dan by headbutting his mouse hand
uh the cat should just get together and see if they take over the world
i i don't really have a good fu of the week i do have a lot of things i want to say i
just don't want to say them publicly so i'll just say an fu to um fuckery that's i'm gonna
just give a general fu to fuck fucking fuckery that's that's my fu of the week very creative no
all right uh just a couple more stories for you guys then we'll get to the skype line at
1877 game olr or a username on skype orange lounge radio but not yet we have a few more stories first
all right so um xbox they've done pretty well i guess for uh the fourth quarter so it's kind
of confusing so quarter two of their 2015 financial year uh which i guess just recently
ended on december 31st they've um sold 6.6 million consoles during that time probably because they
did that nice no price break and threw games in there that's how you do it you know and they'll
because people didn't care about connect unfortunately um basically you know their comment
was our sales engagement worldwide continues to focus on helping uh customers and partners
transition to the cloud navigable i'm sorry i'm already losing interest in what this guy's saying
so i'm going to stop there um and then of course you know not to be outdone by that
uh 1.84 million new 3ds units have shipped in 2014 i'm assuming this is just the japan since
obviously the new 3ds isn't out here yet um and the wii u is up to 9.2 million units
so probably think well the new 3ds is because people need their new shit and well the wii u
just because it's some really good first party software for this year so hopefully
keep that momentum going but yeah all right we'll see uh i'm very curious to see what nintendo's
e3 looks like that's for sure all i need to see is a new excite truck a new excite truck
fuck this might be waiting a while exactly exactly if you gotta if i want to excite you know truck
sequel i gotta make it myself all right well uh getting into one more story here and i felt this
was a very good note to end on tonight and speaking about like family and listeners and
you guys that motivate us to do great things every week some of you guys are out there doing great
things in the gaming community and um i think this is really cool because uh this guy i don't
know if this guy still listens to the show but i know he has in the past and you guys may not have
actually known this if you've heard about this guy in the media but um he was somebody he follows me
on twitter okay so i know he listened to olr at one point and i know you send emails and stuff so
i know i've heard this guy before i don't know if he still listens but if you are still listening
to the show kevin ddr a big congrats to you because i don't know if you know kevin ddr but
even though ddr is in his name which of course we all love ddr kevin ddr is very famous now for
tetris he does he was in the awesome games done quick and he did the whole tetris thing that was
really blowing a lot of people away right well he was streaming on twitch and he actually reached
a very very difficult to achieve grandmaster ranking in arika's tetris the grandmaster three
this makes him the first player in north america to actually achieve this rank and because it was
streaming when it was happened you can actually see a little stream of it online uh so in order
to get the grandmaster promotional exam which yes this is all built into a tetris game here's what
you have to do you have to get a gm rank during the majority of your last several master mode
playthroughs this means you have to have the maximum drop speed level by clearing several
dozen lines in under seven minutes and then you have to play a minute's worth of tetris on a
credit scroll with pieces that turn invisible while they are dropping apparently there's five
people hidden yeah it's crazy there's five players in japan that have achieved this rank and now kevin
ddr has uh done this in the us so congrats if you are out there somewhere listening or what have you
um big congrats to you on that feed that's amazing and what's also amazing about this i've got to say
is that between kevin's efforts at awesome games done quick and what he did this week on twitch
more people are talking about this tetris the grandmaster game than are talking about ubisoft's
buggy tetris game that was just released on playstation 4 like three weeks ago it seems like
i don't want to say no one curr but doesn't it seem like we're getting the less exciting version
of tetris here what is what is what is up with that where you know we've got this exciting
competition going on over here yet the one they release here in the states is kind of it's it's
got some frame skip going on it's not it's not because it's casuals over here it's dirty filthy
casuals marissa congusto in chat says this sounds like tetris snm i i guess i don't know
kevin will have to let us know if he's out there listening somewhere although he's probably a
little busy playing tetris although i i would think he deserves a break at this point i don't
know so there you go uh a good note to end on there uh something that uh people i remember
listening to the show from a long time ago are out there doing it's fantastic uh we are going
to open up the skype line you guys uh i gotta get on the right account though so while i open
up the skype line over at 1877 game olr or a username on skype orange lounge radio uh
loki do you happen to have any last minute stories for us tonight yeah as i alluded to
earlier in the show when we were talking about nintendo and stuff like that and how you know
people can abuse copyright claims tech lands who just released dying light is doing such a thing
they are filing dmca claims against videos they're showing mods for the game and not even
necessarily like cheating mods but like there was a mod for example that um what was it they had
there was one it was just like a like a small it was like a one text file mod that they had
um but basically yeah they're slapping claims against anybody that's putting up mods in the
game they're saying because um you know it affects single player as well as multiplayer
i don't know i think it's kind of lame well if it affects single player i mean
well who cares about single player um you know because whatever well is it oh is it just if it's
your own single player then but does it affect other people's single players
no it's just i think your own single player game they're talking about gotcha i was trying to
remember what it was that was they were modding it was um what was it here oh it was a mod to
remove film grain from the game a film grain like filter that's on the actual thing so there was a
mod to remove that and they were dmca you know it's so stupid that they would do that it's like
who gives a shit it's fucking film green oh my god that ruined the game all right uh let's get
to the phones we got somebody calling in here uh again 1877 game olr or username on skype
orange launch radio but we do have a call on the line hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
hi this is regina here hey regina what's on your mind uh not no not a whole lot uh
uh one question and the one comment uh it serves uh the question since it's the
quickest part of the call um do you know if uh the three of you or maybe even bob you
are planning on really doing anything with uh uh bob's uh you know sting group uh like in terms of
like doing like events or organized uh play gates or wherever you want to call them uh i know it's
been a while since we uh anything has really been done with the group yeah you know the
participation for those events wasn't as good as we had hoped it was uh very small for some of the
outings that we did um but i think if we can get people enthusiastic about a certain game or
something i think we're more than open to that idea um excited even and maybe we just have to
mix it up a little bit i mean now especially in the day and age where you can do streaming
maybe bobby or myself or jamie or hell anybody on the network with this capability there's no reason
they can't do it it could even be you know somebody like brad or john from critical myth one of our
other shows um electric sisterhood loved it love to see them get involved too could be uh like
streaming a game and then other vog people can actually like join in on that same game or
something and and like maybe like do like a group live streaming event or something i think it might
just be about doing something a little more to kind of stir up the interest i don't know plus
it's also hard finding the right game because you have to find games that people own unless you can
find just the right free to play game but then you know is it something that's going to be a big
download what is that going to entail you know sometimes it's about finding that right game that's
why it's good to do games that a lot of people have like i don't know minecraft a lot of people
have that game um mario kart 8 uh did a little tournament on there it had pretty good participation
so i think a lot of times just about finding that right mix so yeah i can definitely see the point
now my original line of thought was you know i could be way off the mark here but you know if
uh you know the vog administrators you know a group of administrators you know really you know
for lack of a better term pick things up with the steam group and start organizing stuff
now maybe they would possibly draw new members into the group and then hopefully in turn draw
traffic to the vog sites and i'm i'm lying about that you and bobby and walking dark sakura who
would love to see uh new listeners know new registered members to the site so and so forth
i'm i'm all for bringing more cool minded people you know people that will respect the number one
rule is uh don't be a dick when you game online i'm all for bringing more people in that that uh
like-minded people to do that so whatever we have to do to get visibility i'm i'm willing to try
ideas you know if you don't try it you'll never know if something will work or not so i'm willing
to i'm willing to give the vog game night another go so we'll uh we'll have to talk about that
offline and and uh figure out a good good plan all right now um in regards to robert m's email
um i heard that he posted a question i didn't hear the full question uh he asked about backing up
stuff right yeah he wanted to see if you could actually back things up from the ps3 uh like
your i guess your save data and things like that which you should be able to do to a uh correctly
formatted hard drive because i've actually done that myself with uh one of my portable drives
yeah yeah um i the only thing i ever really backed up personally was uh game saves you know you can
back those up to the cloud or if you have like a external hard drive the flashlight you can back
up your you saves that way oh i totally forgot that's right if this guy's a playstation plus he
can uh he can back up all his game saves into the cloud really easy yeah the only ones that
you're more or less forced to back up to the cloud as opposed to um a local drive would be
the ones that are copy protected those ones you have to do on the cloud uh but the rest of them
if you might have like a local copy copy of those you can put those on flash drive or whatever
like uh loki mentioned you know to use the local driver you have to be you know for me
in fact 32 right that's right but there's um there's more instructions online on how to do
that but um definitely if you if this uh guy doesn't have playstation plus uh he should go
get his free one from the lawsuit and uh he can back up that data into the cloud that would be a
good idea so yeah and um just so that i don't necessarily hog up a whole lot of time not like
tonight but in the future answering questions or whatnot but if robert um has any questions that
he thinks i may be able to help him with he can easily contact me personally through skype uh
my guys you know skype gave on their spazzing in towards yeah spazzing in their period psp
um you know uh as long as i'm online you know he's more than welcome to call me and you know i
ask ask way so there you go our our own as kuba jp in chat says our sony tech support reggie
i think it's ragey i don't know anyway all right well spaz nator i'm gonna let you go okay
sure sounds good all right my friend all right uh one eight seven seven game olr and you know
again rage nators point spaz nators point spaz a rage nators point is uh show our vog group on
steam a little love and uh i know all three of us are on it right i'm on it you're on it yeah but
i don't play my scene but you're there so uh you can check that i actually i am on uh steam and uh
i broadcast all my gameplay now here's the thing if you watch a steam broadcast of mine
i don't commentate or do anything over it i just you can watch me playing the game but i don't do
any commentary but if i'm on twitch then i'm usually doing commentary webcam and all that
stuff but i like being able to peek at games just to see like what the games look like in motion
because you know trailers only show you so much screenshots only show you so much but actually
watching somebody kind of playing the game goes a long way a long way in my opinion one eight seven
seven game olr username on skype orange lounge radio we're going to uh try to keep it open a
little bit here to try and get some more calls um meanwhile loki any other last minute stories that
you have um no no yeah unfortunately i don't have any extra stories all right well let me see if i
can go over to twitter real quick here and read some tweets that we have we do have a tweet here
from ssj100 matt who says i posted my write-up of magfest at the vog forums oh yes i was looking
at that during the break between parts a and b tonight i saw your post over there so uh yeah
you can check that out along with the go pro videos from the show you can actually watch
his youtubes where he's walked around the show and it's almost like you're there except you're
not there matt's there but you're with him except you have a fish eye view yes so you can check that
out um i can't obviously give the full link it's a little lengthy but check that out at forums.vog
network.com matt made a little post there with some of his youtubes there just be careful if
you shot any nintendo games might be you might be owing some money over to nintendo i'm just giving
you crap i'm just giving you crap um let's see uh i don't really see a lot of other tweets besides
that at least that came in today sometimes we get tagged in in posts that are unrelated here
i was getting a few tweets about rockage as kind of like a follow-up to last week's interview
and some of the bands actually reached out to say hello which i thought was really cool
and so some folks were asking like you know are you going to be at rockage did you figure that out
so yes if you were listening to last week's show and you heard our interview all about rockage
san jose i will be there for sure saturday for sure i can't be there sunday because i got to get
back and do olr right guys so i'm going to be here back here on sunday i'm trying right now to see if
i can find a place to stay in the bay area if i have a friend over there that might let me crash
with them so i could stay friday night um so that way because i'm too cheap for a hotel and that way
i can drive down and maybe get a little bit of the concert friday night after work uh we'll see what
happens all right well we do have the phones lighting up with some more calls wow all of a
sudden lit up with some more calls let's get to it hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
it's shane hey shane i haven't heard from you in a while what's up well you guys sound bored so i
thought i'd give you a call what are you bored too yes i'm super bored hey we're all bored why
don't we talk about the weather it's dark out there's no weather that i can see but it might
be foggy though so that's awesome it might be what do you think of the uh x right power ranger
stabbing oh why you gotta why you gotta go to a downer um i don't have like a real opinion on it
because it sounds like it may be self-defense and that's fine i'm more like kind of laughing about
how all these outlets that i keep reading the story on make up the most random stories about
him like apparently he was the red ranger in the animated samurai power rangers which
there wasn't an animated samurai power ranger uh season and so that's funny and then one person
or not one person one site linked to him and showed him as the red samurai ranger and then
put a clip of him up and it didn't even have him in it it had the red samurai ranger which he was
not so i don't know i think he is innocent proven guilty so we'll see i am so lost right now and
all this power ranger stuff you're talking about i wish we could just talk about the new american
one because it's so good i've watched it six times now since it debuted this yeah but this is you
you have to send that my way because i won't so i'll know what you're talking about because i
talk about it a lot all the time this is also you that we're talking about so you're biased
inherently no they told me the story and it sounded like it's pretty cool because it had
dinosaurs and shit all right well it is a video game show are there any video games you've been
playing lately shane um i've been playing gravely default a lot lately um and i feel bad because
it didn't make like my top three list or whatever um of last year and that game came out last year
but i never beat it and now that i've picked it back up again um it's really really good i'm
loving it i'm sad that i somehow just kind of skipped over it and let it go to uh you know
video game like i don't know what do you want to call like crematorium or something because
it just sits over there waiting to die what burned what got you in the mood to play go
back and visit bravely default um fancy explorers oh oh actually um since you brought that up uh
you know last week i talked about my thoughts you know you were good enough to bring your new three
that you bought you bought a japanese new 3ds and you brought it over so i could check it out
so i talked about my own thoughts last week but we didn't really get your thoughts um first off
why did you decide to import a japanese new 3ds so one reason let's go with the let's go with the uh
doesn't make me sound incredibly crazy reason um they announced in the last nintendo direct
a new rhythm heaven game for japan nothing for us and i've been wanting to play final fantasy
explorers as well so i figured that was a good enough reason those two reasons together good
enough and there's always like japanese games i want to play that i you know either don't get a
chance to or by the time they come out here i already forgot about them so because i have like
a really really short attention span um the bigger reason is probably because they did not bring out
or they are not bringing out the system in blue so i was able to get it in blue i knew i knew when
you said there was a crazy reason i was like it's because he got a blue one they don't have one yes
it's a very pretty blue so i'm okay with it what's like the color of my car it's a very nice blue
what if they announce at e3 that there will be a blue 3ds in the holidays oh well i already got
one i don't need a different well unless it's a different shade so considering that most people
haven't paid the premium to import a system from japan so most people haven't got their hands on it
yet oh and it's not also i've had japanese systems before so this is like nothing incredibly new for
me what are what should people know about the new 3ds is it worth it what are your thoughts on it
i think it's worth it i think it feels sturdier i love the head tracking um the little nub of a
c-stick is great i think it's really comfortable that i didn't like that at all yeah you're weird
um the shoulder buttons having four there is kind of cool too i don't find it cumbersome to pick
you know like put my fingers on there and find the right shoulder buttons um i think it's just
a nicer system that is the system yeah and the japanese one i never realized how much we were
missing out on like the e-shop until i got this system it's not even it's not even fair like it's
night and day they have so many good things on their e-shop i'm i'm a little jealous in that
regard but i still i don't know i kind of don't think the new 3ds is really worth it if you just
bought a 3ds but maybe you know if you've been holding out or whatever and you're still rocking
a regular ds or a dsi or something maybe now's the time to upgrade the new 3ds is definitely a
good replacement for that but yeah if you got one like over the holidays um i wouldn't say probably
you need to upgrade until a game comes out that says oh you can't use it on your 3ds you have to
have the new 3ds just waiting for that real quick before i let you go what did you think i don't
know if you heard the story earlier about the rumor that the video encryption technology in
the new 3ds is the same as what the wii u uses to stream to the wii u gamepad so folks are speculating
that the new 3ds will in fact be able to serve at some point as a wii u gamepad what do you
think of that um that makes sense to me i mean it's got the nfc chip inside too which you know
for those stupid stupid amiibos um they do that on the wii u controller as well so it i thought
it was going to happen earlier than this but yeah it's totally gonna work with the wii u i don't see
it not working with the wii u not a fan of the amiibo huh no i want like four of them but they're
all two of them wait one of them is out now another one comes out like in a few weeks the
one that's out now is chic and i really would like that but i'm not waking up at four in the morning
the morning of to wait for a store to open i'd rather do that for something i care about more
yeah not some little dumb toy i'm not getting back into something like skylanders and that's
all this is but somehow worse all right well shane i should let you go so we can try to take
a few more calls but thanks for calling in no problem goodbye hope you're less bored now nope
bye what a jerk all right 1877 game olr our username on skype orange lounge radio i've just
had a good idea rob it's a better idea than pinkberry what cheesecake factory oh god i
wish you know how many calories are in a slice of cheesecake so we can split one i don't know i
don't know he's making dinner too i'd want to order food jamie's making all these post-show
plans you guys yeah i am she's ready to go no i'm not i'm writing fan fiction meanwhile shane i
wrote dragon age fan fiction the entire time you're on the phone just saying the phones are
open by the way 1877 game olr or a username on skype orange lounge radio and i should mention
alan is cooking right now and it smells great here i'm freaking hungry it does smell good you
can probably have a bite or two not if it's carby yeah it might be you you says the one who wants
to go out for cheesecake they have low carb cheesecake oh my god it's amazing low carb beans
still a lot of carb just not as much carb as the other one because if i go to i have to have that
red velvet then that's like the very the absolute worst thing you could possibly order on that whole
fucking menu i'll help you eat a bite of it yeah we'll see all right let's get to the phones hi
you're on orange launch radio who's this hello oh my god is that marissa yes
how you doing i have nothing for doctor to say i just wanted to say hi
oh that's okay for you for you i will stop writing my fanfic you can you you can call in
and talk about whatever the hell you want you want to talk about the weather you you could probably
even get away with talking about the super bowl on the show and we wouldn't care gasp
okay but i still say that one of these days we're gonna have to do a spin-off on the voice
of games network to have robin morris's giggle time yes let's do it it's the voice it's the
voice of geeks network but that's okay the voice of giggling i'm sorry i bring my damage i'm
actually blonde don't tell anybody that's all right that's right well you know it was it
originally well i i don't know how far it was i think some people know this by now i think it's
because originally it was going to be the voice of games network so you might have heard about it
when we were first planning it but then we we thought that wasn't inclusive enough of
all the shows we wanted to represent so we we expanded a little so there you go the definition
of vog changed before it launched i didn't remember that conversation a long time ago
but i'm also just blonde but thank you for trying to bail me out i really appreciate it i fucking
tried marissa i did for you i'm only here so i won't get fined well uh i'm sorry about uh
you know a backstory i tried to get a guest on but they had a tragedy but if you're interested
i know we've gone back and forth but i got my vo friends and i know they would love to call in
if you're interested and i can uh i know we've talked back and forth about it casually but if
you're interested i'd be happy to have a whole bunch of fun people call in i think the listeners
would love to hear from some more people in the vo especially um you know some of the the favorite
voices from some of the video games they play or i find i here's the thing with voice actors that
i think people like fucking love to find out is that you know obviously the voice actors that are
out there take on a lot of different projects so to find out that like somebody who did this voice
in this game is also this voice or this cartoon character from some beloved 80s or 90s cartoon
is like a total trip i think i think people love to like see those connections at least i
do right maybe it is it is an amazingly um small world like um trying to give an example of one of
my friends it's kind of obscure but in dishonored one of the uh you know the the background i forget
the term for it um on the uh the propaganda that you hear that's guy named greg burger
he's also eeyore and orson on garfield and friends who you're talking about yeah the
phone always surprises me is on the flip side like he was one of the raid ants you know right
like you know or rob paulson everybody knows who he is you find out what they've done commercials
he's your friendly hannah dealer you know so that's always it really surprises me because
you can see people and then like you know like i have an ear for jim cummings chris was playing um
at any any video game like i'll even like be listening to music and i go jim cummings
but uh um but when you hear the like the the voices that ambient stuff you just hear every
day too that can always be really shocking and they're all on screen all the time so they're
always really happy to talk to people no my gosh i just well i mean hell we talk to gamers we talk
i mean as long as people have some type of passion for video games whether it be the part of creating
them or the part of playing them you know it's a show where every gamer has a voice so i think we
want to i think we want to hear from lots of voice actors who help make those games um i know we're
going to be probably getting some bands on thanks to some of the connections i'm hopefully making
next week and you know some of the other stuff we've got brewing behind the scenes i i am all
for more interviews and talking to more people i think you guys like hearing them yeah yeah i
think you guys like hearing the interviews so i have a friend too that can also talk about he
does a lot of mocap and so that means that you're no longer allowed to be ugly so i'm like oh i
don't have a figure of a supermodel now this mocap stuff shit well now a lot a lot of that
mocap stuff is like you wear that skin tight suit that has all the balls on it and the the mocap
stuff captures the balls but that's what it does yeah that's what he does yeah yeah i was having
a friend tell me about uh some some people that he knew that were mocapped for a sports game
uh for some of the not not one of the athletes but some of the background people and that was
the whole process that went through kind of neat so yeah it is crazy to watch the behind the scenes
of that all right well marissa um i look forward to trying to get some some peeps from your
community on the show so we'll try to make that work in the coming weeks but uh for now i'm gonna
let you go so we can try to get some more calls but uh anything anything to promote while you're
here i have nothing to plug but it was a fun show tonight thank you thank you as always marissa it's
always good to hear from you remember you can talk about anything you want yay marissa time
marissa in your very very best announcer voice say but i'm john bailey now um
i'm here let's see if it's supposed to say boobs yeah but yes alive but it's much better when you
do oh next on skidamax not you nurses sorry that's an inside show thank you thank you all
right have a good night you too marissa bye oh my god she's the best i just i love that you
try to make this that was the guy on awesome video game trailers by the way because boobs
like that coming up next on orange lounge radio butts
because we're five i think that's what i want for our 13th anniversary show i just want a
bunch of people to call it and say butts that's it and we'll just have a butts clip and that'll
be that and then we'll play girls but like the konami one you know had all the voice actors going
konami konami like that we need i love it yes instead of that it'll just be butts butts butts
butts butts butts
great print all right one last call for calls one eight seven seven game olr or username on skype
orange lounge radio all one word uh fifth dream and chat says butts lounge radio what's wrong
with that what's wrong with that nothing nothing is wrong with that uh sg100 matt says i'll friend
your butt based off that classic youtube clip that was great that that moves me rob it does
all right put out one more call and then i'm going to shut it down we're going to end the
show here tonight but uh i guess i will start to wrap up here and thank you guys very much for
listening to the show tonight um you know i know a lot of you came out here live despite the fact
that there were big cultural phenomenon games going on out there in the world but you chose
to listen to olr live instead i really appreciate that and you know what even if you were watching
that game and you're listening to us on catch up on your uh on your podcast we love the podcast
listeners as well so thank you guys very much for your support of the show and you guys are awesome
and keep the show running and if you like what you heard here at orange launch radio you know all we
ask tell a friend or five about the show and help spread the word of the show where every gamer has
a voice we always appreciate that uh logie you have another thing to get out there before we
sign off for the night i want to buy this what is it what are you looking at they don't sell this
though it's the shield helicarrier in legos oh god but it's huge my son would love that thing
he would eat that up i need to get more lego stuff i keep saying that i want to build like
eight bit characters out of legos because it's not that hard we have an extra delorean i think
do you really yeah dan would probably sell it to you for i'd recommend checking out there by my
house there's a lego a store that sells lego stuff it's a lego shop and they sell bricks like an
official one no oh it's like just some guy's shop that's pretty good the official one is is
expensive so if i can get like secondhand legos that would be awesome i know you can like order
the custom stuff online like you can build the lego and then have them ship you whatever legos
it is to build your virtual creation that would be only super expensive yeah i know right ten
gallons of legos at my house yeah all right uh anyway i guess it's gonna do it for another
episode of orange lounge radio so uh before we wrap oh they are selling it's gonna be 350
not buying it but holy crap does that look awesome i i think i might have to invest not
really because we have we have an ecto one and we have the delorean and i think the next one's
supposed to be like they're petitioning for it to be uh oh god oh the turtles van is what they
wanted to do right so i want them to do a tardis but we'll see all right well uh we are gonna wrap
it up here at orange launch radio but we can't uh roll the credit music until we go around and
get everybody's final thought for the night uh let's see my final thought for the night is
i want michelle visage to win celebrity big brother and i also can't wait for rupaul's
drag race season seven just saying it's gonna be awesome that's my final thought tonight
uh dark soccer your final thought tonight i finished a chapter
wrote a full chapter and i'm halfway into another chapter all done during breaks
is that why you were so quiet tonight dark soccer i've i've had the muse in my head it's
like when i was reading harry potter you know when i would just put the book down to do five
lines of my story and then go back to reading harry potter i just don't know i i will i will
endeavor to be more attentive it's fine uh and let's see last but not least your final thought
tonight loki um i'm hopefully gonna be having some playable stuff for my game this uh week
i'm so close to being done i'm just trying to get the animation for the finishing done and
they just have to build uh something to save scores but that'll be fast because i've done
that before all right and then it's playable well sort of i mean i just have to build levels in
and crazy shit all right well thank you guys again for listening to orange lounge radio we will be
back next week to do it all again with whatever should happen in gaming next week let's hope to
hell though next week is a whole lot better than this week was that's for sure i want some good
news to report on next week have a great week everybody keep it classy see ya you've been
listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us
for a live show tune into vog network.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views
and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange
lounge radio or vog network but you know they were all still true see you next week
so
