Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, we interview the developer of Flom, an art game that pits old against new, modern against tradition, and an adventure through art history.
Join us for the exploration as well as the headlines from This Week in Gaming, along with your questions, comments, feedback, and more, right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live on this February the 22nd, 2015, the 588th episode of our show.
My name is Rob Roberts, but you can find me on Twitter at Skie, here with you over the next few hours to talk about video games, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle with my co-host.
Say hello first off to the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
I actually looked at my Twitter once.
Did you?
Once.
Yeah, you ended up floating more over to Tumblr than Twitter.
There's a lot of social media out there. There's a lot.
The Tumblars are great.
Alan finally had to sit down and teach me how to use Snapchat, because I did not understand the interface at all, and I still think the interface is really terrible.
Isn't that the thing to swap-
Oh, hi, TechMasterLoki, how are you?
Sorry, isn't that the thing to swap nudes or something back and forth? Is that what that-
I think they- well, here's the thing-
No, that's where people send you dick pictures, and then you get to comment on them.
Here's the thing about Snapchat is I kind of think that's the CD underbelly, you know, the internet is for porn type of thing.
I mean, you can use email to send those types of pictures if you want, right?
Yeah, if you were in like 1996 or something like that.
But I think that might have been how their business started.
Hey, back in the day it used to be really expensive to send pictures of your junk out to people.
But I think a lot of younger people use Snapchat. Not for that reason, because I'll be very, very, very wrong, although sadly there probably are a few.
They should be ashamed.
Children don't do anything wrong.
I know, but here's the thing. I think a lot of like, especially at college and so forth, use it as like a blogging thing, because now they built this whole- I didn't even realize this existed until Alan explained it to me.
There's a whole like, you can build a story. And so the snap videos that you take over a 24 hour period or whatever can all go into like a story.
Is that where you put like googly eyes on the penises and then like make little caption bubbles and stuff like that?
I did see the thing going around on Tumblr where someone snapchatted like different people and then they started drawing over them.
Yeah, that you can do that too.
That might be a reason to get that, but no.
It is very silly, but I only bring that up because that's huge. Apparently that is huge. That app is worth millions and millions of dollars.
And I didn't understand it until a couple days ago, even though I tried to download it because some friends of mine were like, look me up on Snapchat.
And I couldn't figure it out until Alan was like, okay, you're going to tap this button and it's going to do that.
And then you're going to swipe right and it's going to do that.
You know your old win.
When you have to have someone to show you how to use an app.
Right? It threw me back to the days when I used to have to like explain to my dad how to call the BBS's that I was calling to download porn.
I mean, play door games. Play door games. Very important.
All right. Anyhow, we're here with you guys every Sunday night live at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Which tapes Sunday nights at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Which I'll tell you a little more about his show a little later in the show because he had a really neat interview tonight.
I'll tell you more about that later.
But yeah, you can tune in live. And if you are live, you should join our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
And we do read comments from chat throughout the show.
And you can participate in the program, ask questions, have comments out there that we can throw out there on the discussions we're having.
On a lot of various game topics.
Tonight though, we're going to welcome to the show a friend of Dark Sakura's.
Dark Sakura, perhaps you should do this introduction because you've been hyping this game on the show for the past few weeks.
And I always do this. So Dark Sakura, why don't you introduce our guest tonight?
Hi. Okay. My voice just decided to fart on me.
I would like to introduce a very, very cool guy who was first met as my teacher. I did some intern work.
I like how you're pointing to me on the radio.
Because.
Because you're here live in the studio.
No one can see that.
This is Steve.
I'm going to take a picture of your hand.
Just say hi.
Hello.
Hello.
Wait, are you taking pictures over there?
I'm taking pictures of her hand.
Is that in Snapchat?
Yeah, it's going to go on Instagram.
On Instagram?
On Instagram, yeah. We're a little bit old.
No, there's nothing. Wait, Instagram is old? I think I missed that memo.
Little old. Next big thing coming up next.
All right. Well, welcome to Orange Lawn Tradios, Steve.
Oh, that came out like shit.
Didn't he ask you, Dark Sakura, what should I expect on Orange Lawn Tradios? You say, well, we like to swear a lot.
We say fuck a lot.
Okay.
That was, I think, what I said.
All right.
Well, saying and doing. Go ahead.
Speaking of apps, I want to give you ample opportunity to talk about why you're here and what this might have to do with gaming and so forth.
And he's here because I lured him with food.
Well, there's that.
You lured me with food?
Just get down here.
But we want to talk about the app that Steve has had a huge...
Oh, I'm sick of talking about the app.
Oh, wait. I'm just talking about it now.
It's been a while.
Well, we don't have to talk about it.
It's been a while.
But then nobody knows about it.
Oh, that's the hard part.
Steve, you're the creator of a game that's available on iTunes and it's for the iPad and iPhone.
Not Android yet, right?
This is not available on Android yet?
Not on Android.
That's what I hear the most.
Yeah.
And it's from our point of view, although everyone's argued with me about it.
Oh, that's a good filter.
That is a really good filter.
Okay.
We're putting that on Instagram.
It still looks bad.
But the game is called Flom.
It's called Flom.
Which is...
That's an interesting name because when first, I think Dark Sakura and one of her, I'm going
to say a random tangent moments at like the beginning of the show.
I was like, what's up, Dark Sakura?
And she goes, Flom!
And I'm like, you made me flan?
What?
This is a great name.
What?
That's a funny word.
Flom.
What is that?
What does that title mean?
Nothing.
I love it.
Yes.
You're an honest man, Steve.
I love it.
It was a nonsense word.
I kept putting on Twitter because I wasn't sure what to do with Twitter when it first
came out.
And I had a friend that I drove crazy by just typing the word flam every few days.
Didn't it end up in one of your syllabuses once?
I threw it in there too.
Yeah.
Because I was teaching and that's a playground.
Really.
So I just kept driving a friend crazy.
The whole concept for this game started and then eventually I didn't know what to name
it.
And I was like, what the hell?
And since it is based on modern art, Dadaism, supposedly the legend was they just sort of
picked it at random from a dictionary.
So, what the hell?
Here's this word.
You can name it anything you wanted.
Tell us a little bit about your background because Dark Sakura met you when you were
an instructor in one of her design classes, right?
So your background isn't necessarily, you know, we talked to a lot of game designers
in game development, but we also really support here at OLR people like you and me and Loki
and Dark Sakura that want to create their own games, right?
Yeah.
So tell us a little bit about your background.
Not necessarily as a game designer, but your background is in book design and print design,
right?
It's everything else.
Well, my background in game design was I played them when I was a kid.
And I didn't realize what a different world it was until I watched Tron again, the original
one, and saw the arcade.
And I remember the arcades were so crowded.
We used to try to somehow get to the San Francisco airport in order to play the video games there
because there was no one playing them.
And you didn't have to have a ticket to get past screening back in the day.
No, you didn't.
You could just go hang out and watch the planes and they'd eventually throw you out because
you were a kid.
But you could actually, eventually when we got cars in high school, we'd drive out there
and basically pay for our parking by returning old baggage carts.
Oh, that's amazing.
It was a quarter each one.
What kind of games in the 80s do you remember?
What kind of games do you remember playing?
I remember blowing up shit.
And that's what I, you know, I grew up in the 70s.
We had car chases.
Bullet is one of my favorite films.
I used to watch it with my dad.
He's San Francisco mainstay.
Yeah.
You want to see San Francisco before the traffic, go watch Bullet.
And there was, what was it, The Driver, which was, someone look up the film, The Driver.
It's a great little film that no one knows about.
So I was fascinated with car chases, watching things blow up.
Eventually we had Knight Rider, we had Dukes of Hazzard.
And in the video games, you start seeing these metaphors.
I mean, Pong was originally tennis and then it started becoming alien invaders, space
battles and stuff.
And I was fascinated with the early stuff.
Pole position for racer.
I remember that was like an early, early racing.
It was pole position.
And then I don't know if you were still checking out arcades, maybe when things shifted a little
bit to like roadblasters, I remember was our early favorite.
They were closing eventually.
Yeah.
I remember they were in the malls and then things started closing.
I remember there was a jump to 50 cents a game and you would have to stand in line to
play each game.
You'd have to stack up quarters just to take over a game from someone.
So how did this all come together?
Because you mentioned that you've been wanting to do this game Flom for, I was reading in
some of the press and the website and so forth, that you've been wanting to put this game
together basically for five years.
It's been a process.
It's been a while.
High school plus one, if you think about it.
How did that come together where you say, okay, I remember these arcades and these games
I used to play because I love to blow shit up and we'd sneak into the airport where we're
not supposed to be there to play these old games.
And I have my love of design.
How did those two worlds collide, the design world and the game world?
Always looking for different things.
And I know the great John Kureka over at Rocketeer Games and he just sort of threw a little idea
at me regarding a game that he had sitting there that he wasn't doing much with.
And I just sort of went out and started designing stuff.
And I remember I even came up to him after six months and said, here's some of my ideas.
And he's like, what are you doing?
I had no idea that I was actually playing with something, but I wanted to do a little
shooter just like the ones I remember.
And I remember them being a lot different than what I see out there.
I've tried playing a new version of Asteroids.
It's just not the same without the black and white screen and the glowing stuff.
So that's interesting you bring that up because I noticed that the graphics in Flom kind of
take a, I don't want to say a simplistic approach because we're not talking about black
and white, but we're definitely talking about like, really, I mean, I'm just struck by like,
it's like moving art pieces kind of all coming together.
Where did that come from, the idea to do that?
It was a play.
One of the things I noticed, and this is where I first met Dark Sakura, I'm still working
on that because I know you as Jamie.
You can just call me Jamie.
Yeah.
And she was taking my history class, which is an hour and 20 minutes of stand up twice
a week.
And I was noticing as I got into the modern art movements, which I really enjoyed, that
there was some stuff going on in there that is tappable.
And one of the big connections was the De Stijl movement out of Holland, which most
people don't know about.
I even polled students to this day, what do you know about Holland?
And pretty much all they know today is wooden shoes, windmills, and Dutch Bros coffee.
And weed is legal.
Yes.
Weed is legal.
I know nobody wants to say that out loud.
Hookers and pot.
Hookers and pot.
Really?
Let's...
And now Colorado is our Holland.
Oh, that's right.
They don't have to go to Holland anymore.
Yeah.
Can you get hookers in Colorado?
Maybe.
Maybe in 2016.
Rob, you can get hookers anywhere.
Yeah.
Anyway.
I could go walk down the street and get a hooker.
Hold on.
We're trying to talk about a classy game here.
Don't be mucking it up with hookers and pot.
All right.
Wait, what neighborhood is this?
So I saw the connections, which they were doing things with lines, orthogonals, a lot
of things that looked like pixel art.
It reminded me a lot of Pong.
And it reminded me of how the early games were all low resolution.
There were all these 8-bit things.
And they were doing it with drafting paper and other tools.
So I started researching.
There was a movement tied to it, and that's what gave me the idea for a flom movement,
which is more Spinal Tap than anything else, which is I've created a fake art movement.
We have a manifesto.
We have all the stuff at the website.
And we'll see who bites onto that.
And then I started talking to other people about it and getting them interested in it.
And as I move forward, there's a big problem with Holland in that they're not big into
blowing things up.
You have to kind of go into other art movements.
And I made my way to Italy, which was the Futurists.
And the Futurists were all about violence and blowing things up.
So much, their best artists were lost in World War I.
Interesting.
So yeah.
And then it was research, research, research.
After that, lots of reading.
We have a bibliography at the website.
Oh, and where is the website for people who want to check it out?
It's flom.us.
F-L-O-M-M.us.
Flom.us.
And you can see much more about the game.
The game is available for $2.99 on iTunes.
Low price, just so you can play with it.
There it is.
And hopefully you sell enough of it so you can get the Android fans a piece of that too
at some point.
That would be next.
And other stuff.
And even at this point, it's been in development so long, I have ideas for other versions.
Flom 2.
Yeah, we don't have a lot of unlocking stuff in there.
But the idea was we just build it in a way that we could build alternate versions of
it with different looks.
Well, I noticed though, that there was still like some like you had different like vehicles,
like essentially, like, you know, if you're going to say straight up shooter, basically,
there's many different types of spaceships, but I feel weird calling it that because it's
not really what it what it is.
You have all these different types of like, modern art pieces that you can control in
the game, but some of them unlock right in the game.
It's that was just to keep you going.
And you can beat the game.
You just have you have to transform the villain into something modern.
And you do that by collecting power ups and just shooting him.
One of the concepts with just the overall look is what would it be like flying through
a Hannah Hawk collage?
And H O C H is the spelling of you want to look up her work.
And I do it with students.
She's one of my heroes too.
Yeah.
You look at that stuff and go, what if this stuff animated?
What if you were flying through stuff like this?
And then I started going farther and going, what if you're flying through a Kandinsky
painting?
What if you're flying through Cubism?
And it just, it became just a series of backgrounds.
I spent probably the first two years just making backgrounds and doing sketches.
And yeah, I noticed there's a lot of like little details in some of the art that's in
the game.
Like I, this instantly caught my eye.
I said the little bullets that my car, I think I picked a car to control the little bullets
that my car was shooting would say tat, tat, tat, tat, tat.
Like it, like it wasn't like I was throwing bullets.
I was throwing words.
I thought that was kind of neat.
Strangely enough, that happened later on because, because we took our time with this.
I was just sitting there one day and I was showing this to another graphic designer and
the bullets were more like a painting, little paints, paint blurs and stuff.
And I realized one of the big things on the list was Marinetti sound poetry.
Go back, look 1914, 1916, he was taking words and liberating them.
The Italian thing would be parole in liberta, liberated type.
And so this is actually a manifestation of what was sound poetry.
He was doing poetry based on noises.
And I was like, why not put the type in there?
And the, the font I had to use, I had to redraw it so you could actually read it while you're
playing the game.
That's awesome.
Um, I want to, uh, check in with our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com and if any
of you happen to have questions for Steve, uh, you can go ahead and put that out in the
chat room.
Although I think we all realize you guys may not have all tried the game yet because many
of you are probably just now really getting to hear what it's all about besides dark soccer.
Just saying, play it!
Uh, here on the show, uh, isn't my word not good enough?
Hey guys, you're hearing a little more about it.
We gotta do something else cause when you tell people to play things, they don't want
to play them.
So avoid it like the plague.
It will make you sick.
And I would love to show a video or something, but unfortunately it is Orange Lounge Radio
so I can't really show.
So I just have to urge people to go check out the website when they can, uh, to see
a little more about it.
I have put a few photos up though on my Facebook page.
There you go.
For screen captures.
So everybody friend Jamie on Facebook immediately.
Do it now.
Well, my, my fan page, but I also put a few up on, um, my Steam profile because I've uploaded
screenshots.
Nice.
We tried to do a trailer that actually looked like the game.
I thought we came close.
Okay.
I kept, I kept seeing trailers that didn't work.
In fact, uh, as, as we were building the trailer, the game was looking better than the trailer.
So, uh, we kept rethinking everything.
Well, let me ask this real quick and I don't, I don't wanna, I do want to get to some of
the other video games y'all been playing this week and some of what's going on in the industry
and we do talk a lot of big games this week, for example, you know, big AAA titles, we'll
get into talk about the order a little later in the show.
I'm sure people are dying to know what we thought about our, uh, you know, what's going
on with all the hubble around that game right now.
But here at OLR, you know, we like to support not just the big, big stuff everybody's heard
about, but you know, we've been really big and it's kind of been a theme for us almost
so far in 2015 about the fact that, you know, anybody can create things and you know, if
you want to do a game, go out and make a game.
You know, we were talking about that with the vog jam and when we had the cooking with
unity guys on last month and so forth.
And so, you know, now we have you here talking about this game that's on iTunes where you
had an idea and you went forth and now you are a game maker.
Tell us a little more about that process because I know you didn't do it alone.
How did you collaborate with others?
How did you come together for this common vision of flom?
It was talking to a lot of people and I don't just see it as a game.
Part of my philosophy is figure out what you want to do and find some way to make it happen.
And I've been bringing up ideas of, because I've had people come back to me with this,
is okay, you have a game and you have sort of a fake art movement going on here.
Next thing would be shows.
Next thing would be bringing other artists into the fold.
And I've been talking to a bunch of people and trying to figure out what we could do
because the things do cost money.
But it's enjoy what you're doing.
That's what it's really about.
Now my background, which you started talking about, I've been a graphic designer for a
long time.
I've worked for corporations.
I've worked for, you name it, accountants, lawyers.
I've worked for everything you could possibly think of, bands.
In fact, I started stocking a band and that's how I got my musician.
I was listening to a lot of garbage and I got to know this wonderful band called The
Start.
They were playing nearby and I became friends with their drummer and she did the music for
the game.
And that was one of the plans even before I was doing a game that we should work on
something together.
Interesting.
So it's kind of like you, over the years in the interactions you've had with people, you
kind of, it sounds like you've kind of been keeping like a Rolodex a little bit in your
mind.
Like, I want to work with her on the music.
I want to work with him on the programming.
You've basically been assembling the Avengers for the past few years.
That's what it is.
You're Nick Fury.
Gnome who finished the game.
Nick Flommy.
You're Nick Flommy.
Yeah.
I have both eyes though, for now.
Gnome, who was the final programmer, is a superhero.
He brought a smoothness to the animation.
He brought some stuff in there that's so subtle that what's great was just telling him what
my vision was for everything.
And even when I say smoothness, the vision was to make it look like old animated stuff
from the 20s without getting so hokey that you just have a lot of dust and dirt on everything.
So those little details, he really understood and it did take us a while to get it together.
Just pulling it together.
But our projects will go on forever.
We know that.
YYR is in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com saying collaborations like that are so great.
And I know YYR is very similar to what you did where he's kind of like a single person
developing his own games, but I know he had a friend that did a lot of music that's helped
him out with some of the music stuff in like Snake 360 and some of the games that he did.
So that's great to hear just people that enjoy games who have all these different skills
coming together to assemble their own Avengers teams.
I think that's so neat.
I do want to move forward with some of the other stuff we have on deck for tonight's
show.
But Steve, one kind of last chance to pitch to our listeners, why should they go check
out Flom in the iTunes store right away?
Well, it goes a little bit farther.
It did grow out of education, which is, it's that little thing that no one wants to talk
about.
But one of my plans with the game was to bring an educational element to it.
Another thing I remember as a kid was we'd watch TV shows and we'd learn something from
them and they were a bit more heavy-handed about it.
So my approach to the game was everything in there relates to something that has existed
in art history.
And it became actually part of, I didn't finish it, but I was getting a master's in education.
And the game is based on using alter media to get people to learn stuff.
So if you're playing the game and you don't know what's in the background and you go looking
for it, chances are you're going to find something.
So if you're a gamer and an art history nerd, there definitely is something here for you.
This might help studying a lot better than just memorization.
And you know what?
Edutainment games are so important.
And we were just talking about this last week.
It had come up on the show.
We were reminiscing down the line about games that were educational.
And some of the games I remember in my youth, and I think a lot of people think about things
like Carmen Sandiego, Number Munchers, there were a lot of big, big ones.
Oregon Trail.
Of course, that's the one I think everybody knows, that one, the Oregon Trail.
I did some work for them too.
I had Oregon Trail all over my computer at one point.
That may have seeded this thinking.
Get out.
What did you do for Oregon Trail?
I did a whole bunch of marketing sell sheets for them.
And then I did like one of the, it was like a redrawing of a redrawing of Carmen Sandiego.
So purple and red everywhere.
You invited a guy that worked on Oregon Trail to this show and neglected to tell me?
Oops.
I worked on so many projects, I didn't even remember.
Oops.
Well.
Like I was paying attention in class.
I mean, oh, hi Steve.
No, I never came up, did it?
Now I'm in the presence of royalty.
I mean, but think about it.
Those games.
I wasn't on the main team.
This was more of a marketing side of things.
It's like you talk to the guy that did it though.
It's like the degrees are lessening, right?
So they had another thing called Nelly Nut that never premiered in the US.
And I don't know what happened to it, but I did all these materials for it.
Interesting.
Someone look it up.
I think I might have looked it up.
Something like that.
Did you do anything with Odell Lake?
Because a lot of the fans are there.
No.
I got sick of red and purple after a while.
There's a Nelly Nut TV, that was a 2003 TV show.
Yeah, well it was before that.
So I don't know what happened with it.
Well I did check out the game myself and you know, it's such a neat like style to it.
I think it's different than if I were to tell you, go download this shooter game on iOS.
You're going to have this perception in your mind of what that is.
But like Flom is different and it really is kind of like shooter meets this other world
over there.
So it's definitely worth visiting.
That was the hard part.
The only other thing I can pitch really quick is I've been on social media for a while.
Tumblr.
There are two Tumblr pages.
We have a music one now that's a spillover page.
But it started with the concept of modern art is the avant-garde.
And what does the avant-garde mean back then?
What does it meant since and what does it mean today?
So right now on just Flomis.
Just look for Flomis.
It comes up.
Flomis on Tumblr and Flomishin, which we do playlists every week.
Right now we're covering London Fashion Week because there's some really cool stuff coming
out of Europe right now.
It's about looking at design and art, not just the old stuff, but contemporary stuff.
And I hope to just keep going with this and see where it ends up.
All right.
Well, best of luck to you.
I did link them all in the chat room earlier.
Awesome.
But for the podcast listeners, since you don't have the links, we will link it in the show
notes of course over at vognetwork.com.
But again, the website's really easy to find.
It's just Flom, F-L-O-M-M dot U-S.
There you go.
And best of luck to you.
Steve, please feel free to stay throughout the show.
I know you don't play a lot of the modern games that we'll probably get into talking
about, but we love our retro stuff too.
Feel free to jump in with anything that you have to add, but if you have to go, I understand
that as well.
I always wonder why they walk off talk shows after a while, because you just sit in the
back room and stare at the wall.
That's when you go in the green room and eat the free food and drink the wine.
Sadly, this is a-
You just stuffed a chimichanga down my throat.
As I mentioned-
And that means something in art.
As I mentioned when you first got here off air, we're very much hobbyists here at OLR.
And it's, I was like, welcome to my house.
Here's the spare room that happens to be a studio.
All right.
Anyway.
YYR asked real quick, if there's time, can we ask if there'll be a demo?
YYR saying that a demo or a light version is usually very convincing on selling these.
Has that something you guys have given any thought to?
We're going to wait a little bit.
We had a temporary demo, it was a little bit clunky about a year ago.
And the fun thing, actually, I guess this was a good thing.
People were getting addicted to it, but we looked and said, no one's going to buy it
if they get so hooked on the demo.
So I do have one idea I haven't told anyone about yet, which is if we do have a demo,
it will be a pared down version of the game.
You won't be able to beat anything.
And the main boss will not show up for the game.
You're going to have his stand in, which is just sort of the middle manager in the game.
He just sort of shows up and he's not going to be much of a challenge and you get to blow
him up really quick.
Good.
Then Bobby will be able to complete the demo and buy the game that way.
There you go.
So basically you're going to put out a Bobby Black Wolf mode.
That's an inside joke here, I know you wouldn't understand, but you're going to put out a
Bobby Black Wolf mode as the demo.
Or to date myself, it's Johnny Carson when he had a guest host on Monday.
Let's see if anyone gets that.
I actually get it.
I do.
All right.
That's amazing.
That's actually kind of funny because Dan and I were just watching old Carson episodes
like two days ago.
YYR is suggesting have the main boss show up, fight for five seconds, and then it cuts
you off.
You guys, you guys may have to collaborate off of it in there and see, hold on.
Oh yeah.
There you go.
That's the Kanye just jumps in and says, nah, I'm going to let you finish if you buy the
game.
Well, that's another career girl goal.
I want to win.
I want to win a Grammy.
So when he comes up there, I'm going to start a fist fight.
It's a noble goal.
He's going to take me down, but I'm not going out with it.
Getting a few punches.
I have a feeling he won't be back.
Just call it, call it, call it a hunch, but I have a feeling he won't be back.
All right.
Anyway, we got to get into some of the other games going on besides just the floms in the
world.
We want to talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been
playing this week.
Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
I played flom.
Why haven't the rest of you?
No.
I did.
I played actually a crap load of dragon age today because I'm about ready to wrap up my
fanfic.
Five chapters ahead again every time I, I've been double posting chapters every day this
week because the story is burning its way out of my brain.
Like it won't stop.
And hopefully this is going to give me my inspiration to actually sit down and work
on my book because I have another book idea that I've been wanting to do for a while too.
I also got to play with somebody else's new 3DS and it's actually kind of comfortable
and I like the red one.
I understand why Shane imported a blue one because the blue one is very pretty and this
is Shane and it's a shame.
But I like the red one and I think I might want it.
However I did also finally sit down and play the Oregon Trail.
You know the Oregon Trail.
Oh, not the Oregon Trail, but the Oregon Trail.
Oh yes.
That's the, that's like the zombie one.
That's the riff on that.
Right?
Exactly.
We drove our station wagon through the mountains, stopped at a few malls, killed some zombies
and stole cans of food, and then everybody but me died.
The end.
Was this real life or was this a game?
Dot, dot, dot.
Dot, dot, dot.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I played a little bit of Lego Marvel Super Heroes because my son wanted to play that
and I usually just play for a second.
I've been noticing, like I said, that game is glitchier and glitchier every time I play
it.
Mostly I worked on my game this week.
So I was trying to make a second level for it, but instead I ended up going back and
just kind of tweaking some of the gameplay stuff.
Like one of the things I had before was that the scale of everything makes the curbs a
little too high to actually just get over.
You can't just drive over them so that's why I added the jump in there in the first place.
So it's still a little bit difficult to get over them and my son is having trouble trying
to play the game and so I'm going to make all these curb ramp things so that you just
drive over them and it works just fine.
You need robot goats.
Hey, I can put it on the list.
Seriously, any idea.
I will draw you a robot goat.
I don't need a robot goat drawn.
I can do that.
I'm just saying.
I'm putting all-
Maybe she wants to draw you one as a present.
Fine.
It's fine.
But anyways, yeah.
I added more detail to it.
I was going to have a new video to upload but apparently my video was too epic for YouTube
to encode and so it's like, sorry, I can't encode this two gigabyte file that you're
trying.
It was an uncompressed AVI file that had like 60 frames per second, 1080p.
It's just like, you got to put some sort of compression on this thing because I can't
deal with it.
So yeah, unfortunately I couldn't upload that.
Hopefully soon.
But I got a lot of other stuff done.
I got my script to handle falling off the map so now it respawns you and everything
which is kind of cool and added more detail so it looks a little bit more polished.
So I'm just adding polish right now because the problem is I don't want to go back and
have to edit the map later on.
I just want to have that map being able to persist between levels so that's why I'm making
my fixes now and then I'll do the levels.
That and I haven't decided what I'm doing for level two yet.
Well, I got to have something easy to ease into everything so that people can kind of
understand the gameplay part because the first level is not really much of anything other
than falling through the map.
And so the first level has got to be kind of like, hey, here's how to play it a little
bit and then it's going to get fucking nuts.
But I have to have one level in between falling through the map and fucking nuts.
So you have to have your kind of super basic level.
Yeah, so I haven't figured out what broken thing I want to add to that yet.
So I haven't figured it.
And once I figure it out, then it'll be easy because I have a list like it's growing every
day and my son keeps bugging me about it because one of the ideas he wanted is like, you should
have mops on your car and you clean up stuff on the road.
I'm like, okay, so you just drive over it and it cleans up.
No, you should shoot the mops out the front of your car and it cleans up stuff.
I'm like, okay, I'm taking any idea you have and I'm putting it in the game.
I don't care how stupid it is.
It's going in there.
Everything.
And so it'll be fun, but I'm working on it.
All right.
Well, good luck.
It's not as easy as it sounds to make a game, that's for sure.
My gaming week, I played quite a few classics that I keep talking about here on the show
every week, like Diablo three continuing on with seasons.
I'm already paragon 50 for this season and climbing.
I have to ask you, since you brought up Diablo, sure.
Did you see that, nevermind, they did the Icewind Dale ultimate edition came out, re-released.
I didn't know if you'd be interested in that.
I was going to tell you about it, but I forgot.
So I interrupted you to tell you.
That's all right.
I'll have to check that out.
Okay.
Bye.
All right.
Bye.
You're leaving?
All right.
So still been playing Diablo three, working on seasons, logged into Final Fantasy 14 for
the first time in like three weeks the other night and I kind of missed it and I hadn't
really been doing the new content.
So I finally was like, all right, time to suck it up and do this Ampedor keep hard mode.
And it was actually a really fun dungeon.
So I enjoyed that.
I've been playing other standbys on consoles as well.
Like I had a friend over earlier today and we were playing some stuff on the Wii U because
we use a great living room console to play Mario Kart eight and super smash brothers,
of course, which I feel like I'm getting a little better at smash brothers.
Thank God.
Because I was, I was really worried there for a minute.
I love that video that you put out, the realistic clapping.
The what?
Have you ever seen that?
The realistic clapping in Smash Brothers?
Oh, I saw a link to it, but I didn't watch it.
What is it?
It's like, it's just basically someone adding fully sounds to the clapping.
Cause a lot of it, you know, if you watch it, how they actually clap, it's really stupid.
But like some of them are really funny, like Donkey Kong, because there's like, it's like,
it's just really silly.
Okay.
Yeah.
Like at the end of the match, some of the clapping is really silly.
Okay.
I gotcha.
I gotcha.
Um, let's see.
So, uh, there was, um, that, and then we were speaking of living room games, we were playing
Jackbox Party Pack, which is always a good time.
And, uh, I, I literally cried from laughing so hard at one of Alan's drawings.
I loved it so much.
I put it on my Twitter over at twitter.com slash sky, S K I E.
You have to see it and I've submitted it as evidence for why Alan is the best drawful
player in the world.
Uh, so hopefully you'll check that out at some point, um, new stuff though, I did actually
play some new games.
I'll talk about these very quickly.
Um, I played Pokemon shuffle on the 3DS.
I have a full review that's going to go up to vog network probably tomorrow, Monday,
uh, which I wrote out just because I had a lot of very strong feelings about the game.
So I just kind of wanted to get it all out, uh, and write it out.
So I don't necessarily want to spoil all of it, but I will say this much.
Um, it is a free game.
And so when a game is free, you have to really kinda, you know, you have to go, okay, well
at the end of the day, it's free.
So even if it's a bad game, it's still free.
Yars.
Huh?
That's true.
I would say Pokemon shuffle is still better than Yaris.
I'll give it that.
But I would say being kicked in the crotch is better than Yaris.
My biggest problem with Pokemon shuffle is that the game, the balance of the 99 cent
jewels that you buy on the Nintendo network and what those jewels actually buy you in
the game is a little bit off to me.
And mostly, and most importantly at the end of the day, here's where I believe Nintendo's
biggest problem is with this and, and some of the Nintendo fanboys are going to want
to fight me on this, but really think this one out guys, because this is what really
bothers me about Pokemon shuffle.
So Pokemon shuffle is kind of trying to be like a Facebook or a mobile game type of experience.
Like that's the free to play game, right?
It's trying to be the Facebook or free mobile game game that's available on your 3DS instead,
right?
Because Nintendo doesn't really want to make stuff for mobile.
So they're making, I guess, these more mobile and free experiences that are available on
the 3DS.
But the problem and what's missing is that on Facebook, like what's huge on Facebook
and mobile right now, like trivia crack, right?
Is like a big one.
There's a lot of people playing that on Facebook and a lot of people playing that on mobile.
Why do we play trivia crack?
We are signing into trivia crack so we can play against our friends and compete with
our friends.
And when we beat our friends in a match, we go, ha ha, I beat you and oh, wasn't that
question funny and you're trying to work your way up the leaderboards and all this
stuff, right?
Pokemon shuffle is a social media game with no social interaction.
Now some, you know, people that maybe have gotten more enjoyment out of it than I did
might say, but Rob, you're forgetting about street passes.
You can street pass people and you'll get their little card and it tells you, you know,
about themselves and so forth.
Eh, I say it's a really weak implementation that's next to nothing.
All it tells you is this is how many Pokemon they've collected, eh.
And like when you play Pokemon X and Y or white and black, ruby, sapphire, whatever
it is, you're collecting the Pokemon.
You might give them your own names.
You're going to customize their abilities.
You start to, you start to breed the Pokemon at some point, right?
So you start to feel a little more connection to this collection you're making.
Pokemon shuffle, eh eh.
You fight this particular Pokemon and there's a 40% chance you're going to catch it.
Ubi, you can increase that to a 70% chance if you buy a great ball for 2,500 coins.
Oh, you're out of coins?
Why don't you spend a 99 cent jewel on more coins to up your chances of collecting this
Pokemon that at the end of the day will increase the number on your street pass card by one?
So my issue with Pokemon shuffle is that as fun as a puzzler as it is for the 15 minutes
you play it before you run out of energy, there's no point to the game.
There's no point to the game.
So that was, that was where I got lost a little bit on Pokemon shuffle.
But for the 15 minutes you play it, it's a fun little puzzler game.
So I didn't give the game an F, but I didn't exactly give it an A either.
So anyway, there's that, Pokemon shuffle.
One other game I'm going to talk about, and I hate to be so negative, usually I'm so positive
on games.
There's so many great games out there, but what, let it go.
I can't let this one go because this game that I played was bad and I was really disappointed
because it was a game I was looking forward to.
We talked about it a couple of weeks ago on the show and I was like, they're making this
game.
They're going to remake Qbert for the PlayStation four.
It's not good.
And I hate to say it because I'm a fan of Qbert, but I'm not a fan of Qbert Reloaded.
When you play the game on PlayStation four, you can play classic Qbert.
And actually, funny enough, where the game is best is when you're just doing the classic,
you know, arcade board emulation, whatever.
If that's all you want out of Qbert on PlayStation four, then cool.
You're going to get it.
But yes, then there's this new mode as well.
It's the Qbert Reloaded where, yes, they've switched things to now it's a hexagonal board
and I'm okay with that.
I'm okay with the switch to a hexagonal board if it controlled well, but it doesn't.
And the game really dies on its controls.
I have never seen a game where the controls were like the reason why it sank.
And I think for me, the controls in Qbert Reloaded, awful.
And it's just, the old Qbert game from the 80s really snaps.
You know, I think that was the thing about it.
Yeah, it has the joystick that's in the four angular directions.
It's you know, upright, up left, down left, you know, that whole thing.
But it really snaps when you play it.
And I noticed that when playing in the classic mode.
But when you're playing in this hexagonal new Qbert mode, it's not just the fact that
they made them six sided squares.
That I can deal with.
But the fact is that Qbert doesn't snap.
He kind of slogs.
You have to probably get your hands on it and play it yourself, which I'm actually not
recommending you do.
But if you really go look at a YouTube or something and look at how he moves.
And it's just so different.
And it just feels cheap.
Especially for like a PlayStation 4 game, it feels cheap.
And I'm okay with retro and classic things.
But when I'm looking at this game going, didn't they have a Qbert on PlayStation 1 that was
more fun than this?
There was a Qbert on ColecoVision that was really fun.
There was a Qbert on PlayStation 1 that was like a Qbert reimagined or whatever that was
better than this.
And I hate to say it.
Yeah, I do remember that.
I know that there's people that worked hard on this game.
And I don't like giving games bad reviews for that.
But I'm sorry, I have a responsibility to say that this game just it's not it wasn't
it's only worth it to play the classic Qbert game.
Just I wouldn't even really touch the new one.
It's it's I can't I sat there the other night trying to move around the board.
And I just fell off the board repeatedly fell off the board.
It'd be nice if maybe I could re customize the controls or something maybe make the buttons
hopper.
I don't even know if that would fix it, though.
And then you saw that video I uploaded right where the little springy guy was his name
Clyde is name quietly, which was chasing you down the thing, right.
So you the trick is you go to a flying disk to get away from quietly right.
So here's the thing, quietly grabs me right as I'm about to get on the disk.
So I die.
But I die as I'm falling on the disk.
And the disk takes my dead body to the top of the grid, and then drops me on the top
of the grid.
That's awesome.
So now not only am I dead, but I burned the disk.
That's still really funny.
And I'm not sure if it's because it's a heart meter now instead of just I was like the hell
just happened.
I just I didn't like it.
It's not funny when you're playing it.
I know that.
No.
It's a part of Qbert's corpse lying, you know, desiccating on this disk as it's floating
to heaven.
Okay.
That's really funny.
I would commission art of that continues in our chatroom over at live.vognetwork.com says,
why would anyone remake Qbert?
It's hard to remake a classic game, right?
Like, but some of them are done really well.
And I would say Pac-Man, not only Pac-Man versus but Pac-Man.
Why can't I?
Pac-Man CE.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Championship edition thing.
Thank you.
Why can't I?
DX especially is so good.
Like that's a great reboot of a classic game.
And I would say, well, if you can reinvent a classic game like that, then that's a, that's
a note of how you do it really.
But this is not, you know, it's just not.
And I think, I think Qbert is a classic game that a lot of people really forget about.
I think it was a really cool game.
There was actually a proper sequel to Qbert called Qbert's Cubes.
But I bet nobody really knows the game unless maybe you found it randomly on a mayhem emulator
somewhere.
It wasn't a, it wasn't a very big, big deal.
So anyway.
It wasn't really that good of a game either.
Tigerclaw in chat says, could be worse.
What if they remake Dig Dug?
They did.
They did do a Dig Dug on Xbox 360, didn't they?
Yeah, because they had all these different versions.
They did Dig Dug and they also did Rally, whatever the other Rally game was.
All they really did to Dig Dug, all they really did was it was the same game with high definition
graphics.
But like, it was like, you were still running like the same ROM.
It was just like a prettier graphic overlay on top of it.
So, and that was, that was okay because they only charged $5 for it too.
And it was, it was fine.
I, well, I played that one.
It was part of one of those comp, the Namco compilations that they had.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
There was one in the arcades in the nineties that was pretty good too, that I actually
really liked.
So.
Oh, Act Deft naming another classic reinvention that was really good.
Space Invaders Extreme was extremely fun.
That's right.
That was a frickin rad game.
So yeah, classic game reinventions can be done right, but I can also understand the
hesitation a lot.
Qbert is not the first to be done poorly.
So there you go.
Anyway, all right, let's get on to, let's get on to some other news instead of just
our gaming week.
Let's get into what has been going on around the video game world this week.
Quickly, some housekeeping.
We will be here next week on March 1st, but we will not be here on March 8th.
That is because I am going with Bobby Blackwolf and some of our listeners.
PAX East is where I'm going to be.
So I'm looking forward to seeing you guys all around the show.
I imagine it's going to be a pretty crazy crowd.
I'm going there as a fan just like anybody else.
So I'll probably be trying to get some hands on with any classic games that they have there.
If there's Qbert there, the classic version on the ColecoVision, I'll probably be there
playing it.
So I remember the first time I went to PAX East, they had a really great little classic
game room.
So I hope to check that out.
Please, if I don't have the VOG shirt on, I'm sure Bobby will.
So if you see one of us at the show, please, please pull us over and say hello.
We'd love to say hi and meet you and talk to you.
And yeah, don't be shy.
We're gamers just like you.
So we'll be around.
And whatever else they show.
Final Fantasy XIV is having a panel at PAX East.
So I personally can't wait to go and check that out.
So we will be there at PAX East.
Speaking of Bobby, I mentioned earlier in the show that he had a pretty cool show tonight.
And I promised I would give this a shout out here on OLR and I want to make good on that.
Bobby had a Kickstarter campaign on his show tonight.
And it's for a, it's not really a game, but it's a virtual reality rock opera.
And they described it as Fantasia meets Tron.
And I was kind of like, that is awesome meets awesomer.
So I was a fan of this.
This was Nurin, the New Renaissance is the name of the project.
And you can find that over on Kickstarter.
If you need the link, it'll be over on vognetwork.com and Bobby's latest show notes.
But one of the guys behind this happens to be Vert, who's a pretty well-known composer
these days.
You know, did you happen to play the Ducktales remastered?
Did you play that in the soundtrack to that game?
Yeah, that was Vert.
So Vert, along with Jesse Seeley, who are behind this game, the core team that make
up this experience, they were both on Bobby's show tonight.
And it was a great interview and a great listen.
So I wanted to, I promise, because Vert actually came into the chat room and was chatting with
folks during Bobby's show.
So I promised Vert I would give it a shout out here on OLR.
So shout out Nurin over on Kickstarter, N-U-R-E-N, $15 will back the experience.
And the soundtrack.
And I was like, you know what, if nothing else, that soundtrack is going to rule.
They actually played a little bit of it on Bobby's show, and it was awesome.
So there you go.
All right.
That's our housekeeping.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, and google.com slash
plus orange lounge radio.
Let's get into some news.
There's a bit more going on this week than there was in previous weeks.
Some big topics we got to get into tonight, right, Loki?
Yeah, so everybody wants to know, why can't you just find amiibos out in the stores?
Well, apparently, according to the president of Nintendo, they're blaming the labor strike
that apparently is going on in the US.
They're saying that for the last six months, labor negotiations on the west coast of the
United States have made getting goods to shore slow, as the amount of berths open are lower
than usual, and therefore harbors are congested.
Many of the goods sent to the US have not arrived to their destination, however, this
had little effect on amiibos and software sales, as they are light enough that we can
even ship by air, if we have to.
Even though the new Nintendo DS has had a handicap against its supply, the public has
still shown huge interest in it, and its sales are phenomenal.
So they're blaming that as the reason why you're not able to find them in the United
States.
No, there's that one guy buying them all.
I just, I don't believe that that's all the case, and he even kind of goes back and saying,
well, true, this is holding things up, however, they're actually light enough that we can
ship them by air, so he kind of goes back on his excuse.
This is an awfully convenient excuse kind of thing?
Yeah.
I'm willing to hear it out a little bit, like, okay, like, you know, the 3DS, especially
in the case of the new 3DSs, I feel like the amiibo thing's been going on longer than the
Port Strike, so I'm not, I don't know how much I buy it there.
But with the new 3DSs, demand for that does seem to be a lot higher than, like, it's not
even so much the Monster Hunter system and the Majora's Mask system, because those sold
out within seconds, right, and that was way before, those were the preorders when there
was no Port Strike or whatever thing going on.
We're talking about, it's even hard right now to find just the plain red systems and
the, what other color is there, red and black, something like that.
They're just, I'm not really interested in buying one right now, so that's why I haven't
tried to run out and find one.
I don't know why they're so popular right now when there's nothing exclusive for them.
I can't figure it out either, to be honest, and I have a lot of friends that are buying
them, and I don't mean to, like, well, I do, I should do this.
I understand that, like, you get them for the future and stuff, but.
And I know a lot of people that are buying them because they haven't bought a DS since
either the original 3DS or even further back than that.
So that I get, I get, I totally get that, because, like, if you're new to the XL thing
as well, then okay, yeah, there's a lot of new stuff, but I'm just like, otherwise, I
don't know why.
Maybe it's the Majora's Mask or the Monster Hunter thing, like, you know, to be fair,
to be fair, I had a 3DS, and when they put out that Zelda one, the Triforce one, I had
to have it.
So I sold my old one and bought the 3DS with the Zelda sound.
I don't know, if you want Majora's Mask on the outside, just buy a sticker or some shit
for it.
I don't understand why it's there.
But it's not official that way!
Who gives a fuck if it's official or not?
I can't show off to all my gamer friends!
Yeah, ooh, look at, I got this 3DS that everyone else has.
Yeah, I just, I don't get it, but whatever.
And then also, the other thing is, there, I think we talked about how there's gonna
be some exclusive amiibos, you know, they're gonna be doing like a silver and gold Mario
and stuff like that.
Well, apparently the gold Mario is gonna be exclusive for Walmart, and it's gonna be offered
around Easter time, which is also when Mario Party 10 apparently is coming out, but I just
don't get it.
If you paint it gold, then all of a sudden people are gonna go batshit crazy for it because
it's slightly different than something else.
Okay, cool, I guess, you know, that's important to you.
It's just the little, and the other thing is that I think that, isn't it like for these
supposedly limited edition things?
Yeah, well, they've done that, they did like crystal figures and stuff like that in Disney
Infinity, and I know they have variants in Skylanders as well.
The only thing I have to ask is, are they gonna show up as gold and silver in the game,
because that's how they are in, you know, Disney Infinity and Skylanders, is they actually
show up in their variants in those games, so it kind of, you know, behooves you a little
bit to buy these limited editions, because at least it shows up differently.
If it's just seriously just a paint job, and it's just gonna show up as a regular Mario
when you hook it up to the game, then it's kind of stupid.
Well, see, that was what I was wondering about, is like, if there are like any legit perks
to having them, other than them just being, ooh, sparkles.
I don't know.
I mean, cool, I guess.
Mario Party 10 comes out on March 20th, apparently, on the Wii U, so I guess we'll find out when
that comes out.
But no word on the silver one yet, right?
No word on the silver one yet.
Yeah, Act After Chat is noting that there's also a silver Mario coming out, but we don't
know.
Yeah, it's probably, if I would guess, usually the big players and that kind of stuff, it's
either gonna be Toys R Us or GameStop, probably.
Some folks in chat talking about the 3DS, and kind of responding to what I was saying
a little bit ago about the, you know, why did you get a new 3DS, continues in chat,
says, Xenoblade Chronicle, more people will get to play it.
True, but it isn't out yet, you know, and it will be out, but.
And just think about it, too, you're like, oh, I bought a new 3DS for Xenoblade Chronicles,
but what if they put out a special Xenoblade Chronicles new 3DS when that comes out?
See, that's what I'm afraid of.
And you know that there's still at least one or two more Nintendo Directs before that comes
out, so.
Good thinking, good thinking.
I'm, you know, I wouldn't doubt that they're gonna do something like that.
Let's see, Act F saying, a lot of people were worried that those gold and silver Mario were
Club Nintendo Elite rewards, despite Nintendo stating that all Elite rewards were gonna
be digital games, but, you know, people were still worried.
AkumaJP saying, sorry to say, impulse buy, I got the Zelda new 3DS.
Hey, you know what?
I am not one to tell you how to spend your money.
You earn your hard-earned money, you spend it on whatever the hell you want, but I can
just sit here and say, for me, I don't really understand why, but at the same time, I have
Mass Effect 3 on PC, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and Wii U.
And people go, you are stupid, and I go, here's my middle finger.
So, it's what I like.
What's more surprising is that I don't have all this.
And how often do you play Mass Effect 3 on-
Yeah, Rob.
Any more, it's very rare, but I still think the multiplayer is still really good, but
to be fair, multiplayer is really PC, if anything.
So, have you finished it on Wii U?
I didn't play it start to finish on Wii U, but I had to see how the comic was.
Remember, it was only like 18 bucks, and I bought it on Wii U.
That was more of a collector's thing at that point, you know?
Are you grilling everybody that's spending $12 on little amiibo figures?
Do you give them the third degree, Loki?
I would.
I just silently judge them.
Why are you buying that?
I don't understand why you'd buy that.
It does nothing.
Because they're cute.
They're cute.
They're not cute.
They're statues, and they don't even move.
Let's see, the SEG in chat asks- Hi, SEG.
Question.
Is there any feature advantage to getting a Wii U when I have a 3DS XL, beyond using
the 3DS as a controller in Smash Brothers?
So, I'm assuming, is there any more, like, synergy things between the two systems?
Because obviously, my obvious answer would be, well, you can't play Mario 8 on the new
3DS.
Amiibo support.
Yeah, amiibo support.
I would imagine that there's probably stuff that they haven't talked about yet that they're
gonna do with it, unless they come out with yet another new, new 3DS.
I would think that, remember, there was the rumor a couple months ago, that makes an awful
lot of sense, that the streaming technology that's built into that new 3DS matches what's
in the Wii U, so someday, they'll probably be able to be Wii U game pads, and I wouldn't
doubt at all that that would end up being true.
Yeah, the problem is, though, is that the Wii, I understand that they could be Wii U-
But that's not announced yet.
I understand.
Just to be clear.
They could be Wii U, you know, game pads, but the problem is that the Wii U can't, I
don't think, can handle more than one stream, which is why you don't have games that support
multiple game pads.
But not yet, but maybe soon.
Who knows?
All right.
5th Dream in chat says, hey, this isn't a Judge Rob podcast, okay?
Thank you, 5th Dream.
Thank you.
Nice to know I have at least one supporter.
What?
What?
I'm judging you.
Yeah, yeah.
For other reasons, other reasons, not your gaming choices.
All right, speaking of gaming choices and Amiibo and so forth, Nintendo's Amiibo is
said to soon be unlocking NES and SNES- Games?
Game demos.
Oh, demos.
Just demos.
The Wii U app that's apparently going to be available sometime in the first half of this
year, which I imagine will be one of those surprise Nintendo Directs, will allow players
to enjoy what they call highlighted scenes from certain games when you tap certain Amiibo
to the game pad.
These demo scenes will be constrained by a time limit, but other scenes will be available
if you tap the Amiibo again.
This was all in a presentation that Satoru Iwata gave in a presentation to Japanese investors,
saying, quote, we hope that when you tap your Amiibo, the quickly changing game scenes will
pleasantly surprise you and make you feel as though you have just changed a game cartridge.
This sounds-
Stupid.
Yes.
Incredibly.
No.
You're a hater.
I'm not a hater.
It sounds a little bit like the NES remix.
A little bit.
Like maybe an Amiibo would unlock a few stages in this NES remix style thing.
I'm not a hater.
That's what it sounds like.
Here's my problem.
Really?
I sold goddamn Super Mario Brothers for the NES, okay, in digital form, and you're still
fucking charging like $5 for that shit.
Don't get me wrong.
I think that game is deserving of $5, but you can't possibly, you know, give it away
for free a little bit.
I mean, you have all this digital stuff that is basically out there that they could be,
you know, incentivizing people to buy.
I guess they don't really need any incentive to buy Amiibos because people are just buying
them for no apparent reason, but I just think unlocking demos is stupid.
I mean, it's just, I don't know, it seems kind of pointless.
It does seem a little cheap.
Maybe if Animal Crossing never happened, and I didn't see that, oh, hey, cool, they had
a game where I could, you know, unlock full NES games and play them, you know, if maybe
if that didn't happen, it would feel so ripped off about it, but you know, the fact that
they did that at one time kind of pisses me off that they're doing this now.
Food for thought, Nintendo, if anybody happens to be out there listening and you're like,
this guy, Loki, is a hater.
Here's some food for thought.
Honestly, what I think could maybe sway some people is that if you're going to do these
demos or whatever, fine, but I cited NES Remix, right?
And part of what made NES Remix really cool were those stages that brought something different
to the classic games.
For example, when you could play as Peach from Mario 2 in stages from Mario 3.
If I could use my Peach amiibo to, like, unlock new experiences like that that are still classically
inspired or whatever, that would be cool.
Think like Sonic and Knuckles with NES games.
Why not?
Because I would take effort and they won't do it.
And I tell you, that is exactly why.
I hope you're wrong, sadly, I don't think you are.
It's as minimal effort as possible.
They're going to go to great lengths to build this app anyway.
Why not?
No, that's the thing, they're just doing that because I think it's to kind of combat the
argument that these amiibos don't really do anything.
And that's really what it is.
It's like, well, see, now we can say that they unlock shit in Hyrule Warriors and it
unlocks, you can play them in Mario Party 10 and you can use them in Smash and now they
unlock a demo instead of it just being for a handful of things.
I think that's what it is because right now, things are really crazy with amiibos and people
are just wanting to snap them up.
But given a year, I think it's going to be less crazy.
I think that if we see that they're not implementing the stuff in a reasonable way, like, and it's
like, okay, well, these are the only, there's only a handful of games that these are actually
going to work with, then I think people are going to stop, you know, snatch them up.
Granted, there are still going to be people that buy everything because there are people
like that in Skylanders and Disney Infinity, so I wouldn't doubt it.
Well, let me throw this out there too, because just a really quick follow up here, because
this is going to have an impact on this as well, and that is the fact that amiibo cards
are being talked about again.
And again, from this same, you know, financial briefing, Satoru Iwata was talking about how
well the amiibos are doing and so forth, or I'm sorry, the amiibo, I guess the plural
of amiibo is still amiibo.
I keep wanting to say amiibai, but it's, the plural of amiibo is amiibo, but I have
to fight that urge to say amiibos.
But anyway, so Satoru Iwata says, in contrast to the current figure-shaped amiibo available,
we will make amiibo in the form of cards this year as one of our future plans, as Mr. Miyamoto
mentioned in the corporate management policy briefing in October.
So that is still something that's highly likely on the table as we get closer to the end of
the year.
And that probably answers how we're gonna be able to get Wii Fit Trainer now that all
those figures are long gone.
You know, we'll have the cards, you'll have a Wii Fit Trainer card.
I just, for me, again, it really depends on how those guys are priced.
Exactly.
Oh hey, there's that card, it's $10.
I don't think, here's what I think will happen.
I don't think a singular card will be $10, but I think they're gonna sell them in packs
of three.
Blind packs.
Oh, fuck you for saying that, blind packs.
Oh, please no, no.
Don't give them any ideas.
If Nintendo's listening, I want you to immediately delete the last 20 seconds of this show so
you never heard Loki say that.
I wasn't thinking that, I was thinking like a pack of three.
Like here is series one amiibo cards, and you get three of them for $12, but it's what,
Wii Fit Trainer, who else was in that first series, Marth, and who else can't you get
anymore?
I know some amiibo fan in the chat is yelling it out, but whoever was in that series that's
really hard to get now, oh, Villager was in that series, right?
So those would be like the first set of cards.
I would think maybe it could be a thing.
So Black Wolf in chat says, edit it out, I just might, we'll just have the passphrase
there instead.
It'll be like, why did it jump from one thought to another?
It usually doesn't do that in the past, but no, I had to cut out what Loki said.
Of all the things I could have censored Loki on on this show over the past 13 years, it's
gonna be that.
It's gonna happen.
It's gonna be that.
And you know why it's gonna happen?
Because, you know, they've already done this kind of bullshit with the other type of, Disney
Infinity does this with their fucking power-ups, it's blind packs.
So I wouldn't doubt, I wouldn't doubt that they would do that.
How dare you?
Because they need to make money, and that's what it is.
They're gonna make money because they're like, well, you could trade them with your friends!
It's social!
Trade them when they come over and play Mario Kart with you and sit on your couch!
Nobody interacts in person anymore.
But to be fair, Jamie, the Wii U is still the undisputed champion of living room play.
You know, like I had a friend over earlier today, we were having a great time playing
Mario Kart.
I didn't think of better stuff to do in the living room, no I'm kidding.
Anyway.
Speaking of Jamie, let's-
It's never as much fun as watching you play ABBA.
Everything we'll ever talk-
The ABBA game.
You're watching ABBA You Can Dance.
Yeah, that was great.
Can I get an ABBA amiibo?
Would it be, um, an ABBA meebo?
ABBA meebo.
ABBA meebo.
A man can dream.
I have a dream!
This is the person that gave you Super
It's like you put the card in another card, like in his sleeve, and I could have, like,
my little ABBA meebo.
ABBA meebo.
This is a thing now, the ABBA meebo.
Okay.
So-
And then when I beat you in Smash Brothers, I can say, the winner takes it all!
The loser's standing small.
Loki looks like he's in pain over there.
It's like, for some reason that singing gave me a headache, I still know.
And now I have a migraine.
You know you have to get more frames now because you have two ABBA albums now.
Maybe change the topic quick.
Twitch!
Wait, this is making me twitch.
Yes, that song made me.
So anyway, uh, Twitch has put out an announcement.
They're gonna do TwitchCon.
It's a fan festival type thing.
Um, so yeah, Twitch is gonna be doing the first ever fan and content creator gathering
called TwitchCon, and, uh, the announcement came out on the 20th, but it's gonna be September
25th through 26th in San Francisco at the place that I can never pronounce right, the
Moscone Center, um, where we, uh, it was right next door to where GamerX was last year.
Um, so basically it's gonna be put together by Twitch and by, uh, ReadPop.
So it's gonna get basically broadcasters, fans together, you know, just have everyone
come together and see what happens and play games.
Will the swap be attending as well?
What?
I'm just wondering.
So how do you feel about another convention?
It's oddly quiet, isn't it?
Tweet, tweet, tweet.
Um, you know, it's a good idea.
If it's probably gonna be, you know, prohibitive though with all the other shit I've got going
on this year.
That's what a lot of people are saying is that it's like, oh yay, another convention
on the calendar, you know, it's, it's like, we've got a lot of conventions throughout
the year.
It's also a little bit strange because, you know, I understand the, that YouTube does
something similar.
They have like kind of this, they have a ball pit, they don't have a ball pit, but they
have like a kind of like a content creator gathering type thing.
But Twitch to me doesn't seem like it's much of the same type of content you would see
on YouTube where it's more of like, you know, obviously it's live stuff and not so much
like, you know, shows or anything like, you're not going to have like, you know, TV show
or, you know, web series or something like that.
It's more of, you know, live playing or like let's plays or tournaments or something like
that.
So I don't know what they would be doing necessarily here, what you're going to go see there.
Are you going to see tournaments, see people live streaming their games because that seems
kind of boring.
Well, I know one of Twitch's niches is the live, like sports style events like, you know,
the League of Legends tournaments and the Starcraft tournaments and so forth.
I would think that they could probably get a lot of the big players and the E-leagues
and so forth kind of together under one roof.
I mean, it's not like there are already a lot of those events as well, but to have something
that's kind of like sanctioned by Twitch that might, you know, be playing obviously and
highlighted on Twitch, I think could draw a lot of that content.
And I kind of have a feeling that's what TwitchCon's big strength would be is that they'll probably
get a lot of that, you know, major league gaming, esports.
They're going to have a lot of that going on at the con, I would think.
Along with panels on, you know, how to be a better broadcaster and, you know, how to
become a partner and how to make money, you know, all those other types of things.
So, but again, there's just so many cons.
You guys, like RuPaul just announced DragCon in May.
How can I not want to go to that?
Like I don't even dress up.
I just, I just think they're bitchy fun.
I love it.
So I kind of want to go just to get sassed.
But you know what?
We kind of had that at GamerX anyway, especially since I just kept running into Queens at Sephora.
Like the one I had to fight off for the, the green emerald Pantone eyelashes.
Well, at least GX is a different time of year this year where there isn't a lot of cons.
So I'm happy about that.
It's like the first week of December, right?
Yeah, it's right in December this time.
Hallelujah.
Yeah.
Which is a true story.
I did fight off a drag queen at a Sephora for Pantone emerald green eyelashes.
YYR in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says if they host a whole bunch of tournaments,
that could be a big draw.
Admission will cost $80 and a pound of salt.
Well, I could see them doing like, you know, that'd be kind of cool.
Like more of like an X Games type thing, but you know, just like big old tournament thing.
That'd be kind of cool.
I can see that.
At least it's just over the bridge in San Francisco.
So I mean, it's kind of local for us.
So Moscone Center is literally next door to where gamer X two was last year.
And it's also across the street from the Metreon, which a lot of, you know, if you remember
the PlayStation store in San Francisco, there's only sadness there now.
Well, yeah.
Now it's just a movie theater really and nothing else.
Some eateries.
But, uh, you know, back in the day that was like a big hub for Sony and DDR players definitely
remember the arcade that used to be there, uh, was huge for some tournaments.
So, you know, that little block right there in San Francisco is pretty awesome.
Does it still have the walk of game down there?
I think it does still exist, but like there's literally nothing else up there.
So unless they, Oh, actually they might've turned that into the target now.
That might be the target.
It might be the walk of target.
It might be like socks and underwear now.
I don't know.
That's disappointing.
We'll see.
To register participation for this week's episode of Warren Jones Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase PINK.
All right.
Uh, moving on, uh, with some more news.
Loki.
All right.
So don't call it a comeback, but, uh, there's going to be some more rock band DLC coming
out.
That's right.
They're, they're coming back.
They're saying on February, uh, well, on February 17th, they released, was it Back to the Shack
from Weezer, Rise of the Phoenix from Tenacious D. Um, each of those will be sold for $1.99.
And apparently they're still working on some more stuff.
Um, they're even saying that, um, you know, they may have some more stuff to reveal soon.
What does this all mean though?
What does this all mean?
Gee, what could those song titles, could those song titles be implying anything Rise of the
Phoenix really like, can we please get Elton John's The Bitches Back in like a month?
Basically, you know, according to an unnamed source, cause you know, that's always good,
is that they're working on another rock band game that's going to be coming out for PlayStation
4 and Xbox One.
Um, could this be announced at PAX East?
I'll feel a lot better about having to spend the money to go out there if that's the case.
It's quite possible.
I think one of the, the, where is, where is harmonics?
Boston.
Well, one of the, um, the hints also was they showed all the different pins that you can
collect, but the harmonics one had a big question mark on it, cause they're not showing what
it is yet.
Oh, okay.
Uh, it would make sense that they would reveal that there, um, I think that's cool.
I hope they put it out, but I also hope that my instruments work with it because I have
them all on Xbox 360.
A converter would be nice.
That would be nice.
I mean, I have got like, um, I've got my converter thing for my controllers to use Xbox 360 controllers
on it, but I've, yeah, I hope that there's some sort of way to use that cause I don't
want to have to buy.
I'm, well, I, I'm telling you this much, I'm not going to buy new instruments for when
it comes out.
Can we get a new DJ Harrow please too?
That I would buy.
Talk to the other company about that.
I know.
I know.
I would pay money though for that and kind of have to make my own if I don't, you know,
get one soon.
All right.
Uh, well I, I, I hope that, uh, it does happen.
I'd love to see it at PAX East except I know I'll never get to play it cause it's going
to be the world's worst line, uh, to get in and play that game.
But at least hopefully I'll get to see it.
Nothing else.
I mean, Rock Band's got a formula, they don't really have to break it.
I'd be curious to see what they do with it.
What, what the new systems can bring to that.
Excellent point from Black Wolf in the chat room.
So excellent.
I want stage kit compatibility.
Yes, please.
Hey, I, I wonder if you can still get those.
That'd be pretty awesome.
Maybe you can get them discount or something.
Um, knowing that there's a big social element in gaming now that wasn't there a few years
ago and I'm talking about Twitch basically and um, you know, the fact that people stream
live and so forth.
I wonder if there's going to be some type of connected living room experience through
like streaming a video or something where you can now be in a band with somebody that
lives, you know, in another house basically.
Like I noticed that a grandpa from Hoard House just joined our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
So I could play keyboards in my house and grandpa could sing over in his house.
You know, he could sing a, you know, a journey song, whatever, any way you want it.
That's the way you need it.
Like he, you know, right.
And then we could actually see each other while we're playing.
That would be kind of cool because I seem to recall in the three 61 you wouldn't get
to hear the other person because of the delay, which makes sense.
And to be fair, that delay is still going to be there, but maybe they'll do something
where like after you do the song, you can watch a performance that like puts all you
guys together or something like there's something they could do.
I'm sure it would be actually sort of interesting is if they had something that worked with
like, you know, your cameras or whatever that you, uh, it compiles into like one of those
YouTube esque, you know, multi-panel videos.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That would be actually be kind of funny.
That would be kind of cool.
I bet.
I wouldn't watch myself.
I bet.
That's what maybe the ultimate thing would be is that you could create like a music video
from all four different places or something like it would film all people and like put
it all together.
That would be pretty cool.
That would be pretty cool.
Not even necessarily for if you've got like a harmonizing with the two mics, which they
have like a Beatles rock band.
I'm going to make it a point this week to play DJ hero.
That's like, that's a good goal.
That's a good goal.
All right.
Um, so, uh, earlier this week on, um, you know, we, we have an interesting relationship
with this particular site, but it's being reported around the internet and it's a story
that Kotaku ran, uh, where they interviewed the legend of Zelda producer Eiji Aonuma,
uh, who was talking a lot about, you know, the Zelda and what to expect in the new Zelda
and so forth.
But, um, uh, he was also talking about Tingle and, uh, some of the, um, lore and things
behind Tingle, one of Loki's very favorite characters.
Oh yeah.
So what he said about Tingle, I guess the heart of the character, there's a little bit
of a gag kind of feeling to it.
The way the design of the character started is that we needed to think about how the character
at the player would get access to maps in this game.
Of course you could go with a situation where as soon as he sees an area, you just open
up your map and it fills in for you, but we wanted to do something a little different.
So we thought, what if you had to buy maps?
Then suddenly we needed a character that you would buy maps from.
We ultimately ended up with a character here that had a little bit of humor to him that
came from thinking of what sort of person would sell a map and well, we decided it would
be the kind of person who makes the map.
And the way he makes the map is by floating through the air so that he can see the contours
of the land and draw them.
But as soon as we get that far in the process, we realized anybody that would fly through
the air making a map, it's got to be a really weird person.
So at that point we decided, okay, we'll go with this and make him a really weird guy.
So when we made this character, we had this notion that one of the ways he might be a
little bit weird is that he had this notion that he never wanted to grow up.
And so I think to that extent, the clothes do fit this image of him and the whole thing
comes together as a very Peter Pan kind of visual.
You know, if you think about it, it's this guy in his thirties in a green suit and is
flying and never wants to grow up.
It all sort of comes together around that.
And then the ever classy Kotaku asked, so is Tingle gay basically?
And Anuma replied to that and said, he's not gay.
He's just an odd person.
And I don't, I kind of feel like that question was unnecessary.
It really was like, why, why does it matter?
But I also, that's kind of where I'm at.
Like who cares?
It's a video game character.
They don't think of, okay, what kind of sexuality is this video game character going to have?
But I also understand that in some ways Tingle has become a bit of a gay icon and sometimes
that happens.
Like I seem to recall gaygamer.net did like a little feature that was bestowing some type
of like character of the year award.
I don't know.
I don't, I sorry, I don't remember the exact title they bestowed on him, but it was some
type of like honor.
So I don't know, like, but so part of me says, okay, well I guess, I guess the fans have
kind of painted this image or whatever of, of Tingle and, and, you know, it held him
up in this regard or whatever, but I still kind of feel like, well then why do you want
to poke a hole in that question by saying, you know, so tell me yes or no, is he gay?
And I kind of wish Enuma had just said, I don't really have an answer for that.
Or just said, we haven't really explored that part of the character or it's a video game
and we don't plan on putting Tingle in a relationship anytime soon.
So go with that what you will.
How about what the fuck does it matter?
Or something like that.
So it really doesn't matter.
But I'm not going to blame Enuma for that because I also realized the culture in Japan
is very different from the culture here.
And he probably didn't know what the fuck to say, honestly.
Well that's a stupid question.
I don't blame him.
It's, it's.
Yeah.
It's dumb.
It's just a video game.
It was just.
It's not a video game that requires him to have sexual relations with other characters.
Why do people have to keep fucking stuff up with doing it?
But I could see, I want to be fair and I can see the flip side to it of, again, he was
a gay icon or whatever.
But I kind of also look at that and go, well, ABBA was a gay icon in many ways because of,
you know, they made these, these outfits out of nothing that were, you know, hilarious
and their songs were fun and so forth.
But ABBA was, there's, there's like the actual term of homosexuality.
There's nothing homosexual about ABBA.
In fact, they were quite the incestuous little group where they were married in straight
relationships.
One guy was married to one girl and then they divorced and married the other girl.
Each guy married, like, so ABBA was kind of crazy like that.
But my point is, is that gay icons don't always necessarily mean gay people.
Does that make sense?
Well, well, what was the deal with Donna Summer for the longest time?
She actually was relatively homophobic.
Yes, I think she did come around in the end, but it was a little bit of that whole mixed
message where, you know, the church was telling her one thing, you know, and that whole, that
whole situation was going on.
So, uh, and Dungeon Buster in chat says, I agree with Sky.
I think Anuma was just caught completely off guard.
No one expects the Kotaku Inquisition.
I just, I just kind of like, why did that have to be a question?
It would make for a headline for them if they're like, confirm Tingle is gay.
You know what I mean?
That's why they asked that stupid thing.
Anyway.
All right.
So there it is.
That's, uh, that's some news that's been going around this week.
Let's move on.
Um, uh, and so it looks like Steve has an early class tomorrow.
Oh, makes sense.
Yeah.
So one more plug for Flom.
Check out Flom.
Yes.
Go please everybody.
I will give two people $3 to go buy the game.
I will gift it to a couple of you.
How can they sign up for free money, DarkSakura?
I will.
How will you know that they bought the game and not a taco?
Send me your Apple ID and I will gift you the game.
Only two people though.
Only two people.
All right.
Anyway, uh, let's move on.
Uh, DarkSakura, you have a story for us.
This game is pretty freaking cool.
It's called Killer Queen.
It is the world's first 10 player arcade strategy game.
It wasn't released for iOS or Android or any home handheld thing.
It's not a computer game.
It is a full fledged fucking arcade game and it's 10 players and you can only find it in
five places in the country.
So well, I guess technically that would be in the world as well.
Um, but it was put out by two people, Nikita Mikros and Joshua Debonis.
And it's just really weird.
You don't have to play it one different, one way.
You can beat it several different ways.
You have five players, so it's five against five.
You have to have, they say that you need to have at least, you know, four on a team to
make it really worthwhile or three on a team.
But you can beat Killer Queen different ways.
You can collect berries and take them back to your base.
You can ride a snail toward your goal.
Yuck.
Snails are disgusting.
Um, you basically, you just have to make, you just have to win by any means necessary.
You know, hopefully by confounding the other people.
But each team has four grunts and a queen and you can also win by the way, by killing
the queen three times.
The enemy's queen, but the queen has wings and she gets to sort of spout around like
she's in joust and the grunts though have to run around on the ground until they level
up and get more capabilities.
Um, so they have to keep bringing more berries to your team.
So it's sort of like capture the flag, quit it, kill bees, the game.
And in our chat room, it's just so bizarre.
In our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com, SSG100Matt says, played this at MagFest and
it's amazing.
See, I want, okay, I want more people to play this game and then like send us pictures of
them playing it.
So you have to find them.
If you find the killer queen and take a picture of it, I will buy you a copy of Flom.
That's only two people though.
Only two people.
Max two people.
Max two.
All right.
So, uh, yeah, I, I'm excited to hear though that there's like an actual like arcade experience
going on with this.
That's, uh, that's always nice to know.
Well, the places that you can find it, um, there is one at Logan arcade in Chicago.
Um, there's also one in Portland at, uh, ground control.
Oh, that place.
That's like the retro arcade, if I'm not mistaken.
I went there once.
There's a league night at that location, I believe that they say there's also in California
anywhere.
LA San Francisco.
I just saw the two in there, but you know, I'll go hunting around and see if there are
any other locations.
All right.
Um, yeah, they are just, it's really pretty too on top of that, just really kind of cute
and pixely in an old school way.
All right.
We're going to travel around the world now and check out some release dates and see what
games are coming to a store near you.
Uh, you can find killer queen in an arcade, uh, or a few of them anyway, but you can find
these games on shelves this week around the world, uh, starting in the U S Loki.
Yes.
So this week, uh, you can pick up dragon ball, Xenoverse, which is going to be coming out
on PlayStation three, Xbox three 60, Xbox one and PlayStation four.
Also under night in birth exe late, which is by axis for, um, the PlayStation three.
And let's see what else?
Nice.
He wears eight empires on PlayStation four and Xbox one, uh, rugby 15 for PlayStation
three, PlayStation four and Xbox one, uh, hyper devotion, noir goddess, black heart
for Vita.
And let's see what else here.
Uh, that might actually be it.
Uh, let's see here.
Last call.
Dragon balls.
Xenoverse is also on PC.
Apparently that's it.
Here it is.
Uh, going over to Japan and checking out the releases there on the PlayStation four this
week.
Dragon quest heroes on route to, uh, Sakaiju no jewel comes out this week from Squeenix.
It's a dragon quest heroes game on the PlayStation four.
So I've had a lot of people looking forward to that.
Uh, I can't say I blame you for that one.
Uh, on the Xbox one, um, really nothing in Japan this week, but, uh, I imagine the Xbox
one, unfortunately for them, hasn't been gaining a lot of steam over there, so there's probably
not a lot of games there, but dragon quest heroes is also on the PlayStation three this
week.
So you can check that out.
Uh, as I mentioned previously on the show, there's really nothing on the Wii U until
March over in Japan.
Uh, so checking out the PlayStation Vita PlayStation Vita has captain earth mind labyrinth this
week, as well as Diabloic lovers, dark fate and Osmophia vivace comes out this week and
the game called parfait comes out, uh, on the Vita as well.
This is about butter.
Uh, what is parfait about?
It's regular and limited edition.
It's parfait you were thinking of.
Is it about yogurt?
No, it's about girl, girls and maid outfits.
Um, are they making, it might be, it might be a visual novel of a somewhat adult nature
because I'm noticing in this picture, she's not wearing pants, so she is, she's just putting
them on, caught her only in America.
Do we refer to as trousers as pants in other countries?
Pants are your underwear?
And she was wearing them.
Well, okay.
But technically it was a skirt.
Wow.
And this is just a straight up upskirt shot right here that we've got on this.
So, um, wow.
I can't believe it's not butter.
I don't know what else to say about parfait, uh, but Hey, how about the Nintendo three
DS because on the Nintendo three DS this week, there's Dora Moji and Nobita no Kanji
Daisak Suen comes out this week and Kinero no Korda three full voice special comes out
in a regular edition and a treasure box edition.
And this looks like yet another visual novel on the three DS, but this one's like music
and this guy's a doctor and he forgot his shirt in the shower in this picture.
So you wear your shirt in the shower, Rob?
I suppose not, but I do find this a bit of a gratuitous picture here.
It's not so much the fact that he's in the shower.
It's the look that's on his face of the, ah, well, you would look like that too.
We don't see what his other hand is doing.
Yeah.
Maybe if my other hand wasn't visible.
There you go.
Those are us.
What you have to look forward to in Japan this week, um, sinning dark Sakura.
How about the UK?
In the UK we have some stuff.
On the 24th there is, there came an echo on PC and on the 25th a good snowman is hard
to build for Mac PC homeworld remastered collection for PC odd world, new and tasty for Mac PC.
And then on everything else, resident evil revelations too.
And seriously, it is on just about everything else.
On the 27th Dragon Ball Xenoverse, um, also Dying Light on a few things, Dynasty Warriors
Eight Empires, uh, Pneuma, Breath of Life, and Trains, a new era.
As long as it's not the banned train, I'm happy and that's it.
All right.
Just a couple more stories for you guys than the classic game of the week.
Loki.
So I think this was mentioned a while back and I want to, I can't remember if they said
this in actual, in their press conferences or whatever, but it was that originally the
Xbox ones are going to become dev kits at some point.
Like they're going to allow people to be able to develop games using that instead of an
actual dev kit.
That way it'll open the market up a little bit more to any developers.
Well, apparently the rumor is now that developers, um, will be able to use the Xbox ones as dev
kits later this year in an update.
They're saying that, you know, developers will also be able to use beta apps to test
them with community apps will finally be able to run in the background, allowing third party
music apps to continue outputting music while a game is playing, um, stuff like that.
So that's pretty cool.
I hope that actually ends up being true.
And apparently the announcement may, um, be made in April during their build conference.
I don't know.
I'm looking forward to it.
Thanks again.
Xbox one, I guess.
Couldn't that be an announcement for game developers conference, which is coming up
as well.
I mean, I know there's been a lot of talk about PAX East, but let's not forget game
developers conference is happening.
And although we don't usually get E3 style announcements at GDC, uh, we did get things
like the PlayStation move was unveiled at GDC.
So sometimes things that will impact, uh, gaming development, I would expect that we
might find a little more out about project Morpheus at GDC.
Not necessarily like, you know, a day and date type of thing, but maybe like an update
on what development is available for something like that, since it seems like VR is a huge
direction for the industry.
Yeah.
The theory is that they're going to be publishing like a software development kit preview, I
guess in may, that's going to switch those dev to retails to, um, dev kits.
So I will have to see, but I think the build conference that they're talking about is Microsoft
actually has one for developing on, you know, um, all their windows platforms.
And a lot of these have to do with kind of universal apps that they're going to meld
together with, you know, all their windows 10 platforms.
Uh, now Bobby who follows a lot of the development community, Bobby Black Wolf says, actual developers
are already using retail Xbox ones as dev kits.
This is about extending that to the general public.
So maybe that's why you're like, I thought this was familiar, uh, also Bobby saying and,
and confirming in some ways what I was just saying, there was a four hour presentation
about project Morpheus at GDC.
Not surprised to hear that at all.
And I didn't know that I didn't look, you know, I'm, I don't go to GDC, although funny
enough, because of the way my flight to PAX East is, I'm probably going to San Francisco
to see people that are going to GDC and like go to dinner one night.
And then I'm flying to PAX East the next day while GDC is still going on.
So it's just the way things work out in this crazy world.
So anyway, uh, let's move on.
We're almost to the classic game of the week, but I want to talk about new games for a minute
here.
And this isn't so much as a story as it is.
I just wanted to bring up this topic because it's been a lot of discussion this week, and
that is the reception to a pretty high, excuse me, I'm so nervous, I'm burping.
It's the release to a pretty high profile PlayStation four game that came out this week.
And that is of course the order.
And you know, I don't know how much stock you guys put in Metacritic.
I think a lot of big outlets are starting to really walk away from scoring and the way
that their reviews kind of impact Metacritic, because I know Joystiq did that right before
they closed.
I think I saw Eurogamer just recently had walked away from giving games a score now.
So you know, I think some places are starting to reject this Metacritic thing a little bit,
but any way you slice it, the order is sitting at a 65 right now on Metacritic.
And a lot of people are saying it's kind of a, although it's a very pretty experience,
it's a very pretty looking game.
It's a bit of a hollow experience and a lot of attention being called to the play length
of the game, which is depending on who you're asking, anywhere from five to eight hours
about is how long it's going to take you to play the order from start to finish.
Now full disclaimer, I haven't played this game myself yet.
I can really only state these opinions based off of what I've heard other people saying
about the game.
And I believe Loki and Dark Soccer are in the same boat where they haven't played this
game themselves yet.
I have no interest to play that game.
I mean, it looks okay.
It's just, it's not my...
I wasn't really looking forward to like a third person cover based shooter type game.
I have other stuff I'm doing.
Yeah.
And that's kind of my thing too, is I was like, all right, even though the game looks
very pretty, I wasn't really interested in the game to begin with as much as I am some
other titles.
If I was going to spend $60 in games, there's a bunch of stuff on sale right now that I
could be picking up, but I didn't want to buy any more games that I'm not going to play
yet because I still haven't touched Watch Dogs or Destiny yet.
Or Battlefield 4 because I picked that up as well.
So I haven't picked it, played any of that.
So let me ask this because a lot of people are saying that if you're going to pay $60
on a game, it ought to be more than five to eight hours in length.
So and even there's some question out there and I saw some tweets going around and one
tweet I remember seeing that came through on my feed and I don't remember who wrote
it because it was somebody retweeted or something, but it said something about if you're factoring
a game's length into the review, you're doing it wrong or something like that.
And I was kind of like, well, wait a minute.
I'm not so sure I agree with that.
I think the value is important, but at the same time, and I want to make this very clear,
I don't think the order, you know, I think the order is just one particular game.
I don't think that means all games that are only five to eight hours in length that are
$60 are bad just because of their length.
I think it just really depends on the quality of what is filling that time.
It's not necessarily the game's five hours.
It's how much replayability is there?
Because it could be five hours long.
But if I can replay it multiple times and get enjoyment out of playing that over and over
again, then that sounds good.
But the problem is it sounds like it's a lot of cut scenes that are kind of, you know,
extending the gameplay time a bit.
So I don't really know how much enjoyment I would really get out of it unless it's a
really, really good story.
I just don't know if that's the case.
I mean, it could be a pretty looking game, but once again, that doesn't necessarily, you
know, there's a lot of games that look good.
Grand Theft Auto five looks good.
There's hundreds of hours of gameplay there.
Skyrim looks good.
And that's a really long game.
Or even if you want to talk short games, Journey looks nice.
It's not necessarily, you know, really cinematic or not to like film quality cinematic, but
it's still a fun game and it's short, but you get a lot of replayability out of it.
I'm going to our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com.
Alan Alchemy says, so Parasite Eve length, which is a fucking amazing game.
Was it that short?
I don't even remember.
I mean, I played Parasite Eve all the way through, but I think Parasite Eve was a shorter
game.
So it wasn't like a lot of people because it came out in that same kind of era as Final Fantasy
seven and eight.
People think it was a lot longer because those games are longer, but I don't think I don't
think it was.
You know, the Resident Evil games weren't very long because I could sit and beat two.
And we were paying forty, fifty dollars for those games and you didn't hear all this
complaining.
My complaint, you know, I was complaining, though, back when they put out, was it that
Metal Gear Solid Ground Zeroes thing?
And that was only like a few hours long and it was half the price and I was still seeing
that was a rip off.
So why would I change my mind on some?
And you can't argue that, you know, Metal Gear Solid five, Ground Zeroes is a cinematic
game, it is.
And so I think there's more replayability on that, though, than there is on this, because
this sounds very linear, whereas that's kind of more open world.
Alan Alchemy further asks, should a game like Skyrim or Dragon Age Inquisition cost three
hundred and fifty dollars then?
No, I think what's happening is the other way around.
I think because Skyrim and Dragon Age Inquisition are also sixty dollar games, people go, well,
those games are hundreds and hundreds of hours.
But then, you know, the order is over in eight hours.
The order should be twenty bucks.
And that's that's even unrealistic as far as, you know, not all games are going to be
hundred hour epic and they really shouldn't be.
But I'm saying, though, let's let's take like, for example, Resistance, Fallen Man or
something like that, a game that's kind of linear.
It's got a single player campaign to it.
And I enjoyed the campaign and I think it was worth sixty dollars.
And there's a little bit of replayability there because you can play it again and get
more weapons and something like that.
And there's multiplayer.
So there's that on top of it.
So that overall makes it like kind of a well-rounded experience, whereas this is just
like a really short, linear game with no multiplayer in it.
Like, I can understand if it had like multiplayer aspect to it, it might be a little
bit it might be worth a little bit more, but it doesn't even have it.
It's like and just the excuses, like the whole development process, like their excuses
were, well, we don't want to be 60 frames per second because it's not as cinematic as
30 frames per second, which really was just because they wanted to push higher fidelity
and they couldn't do that with, you know, a higher frame rate or oh, well, you know,
it's short because it's this, you know, and they're making excuses.
And it's just I don't like it.
And especially, which I'm assuming this thing has a season pass because goddamn, all
games nowadays seem to have season passes with DLC.
I want to see what they put out for DLC, because, you know, if that's stuff that could
have easily been, why don't you just how about just wait until the, you know, whatever
complete edition comes out or something like that, that might be a little bit more
worth it. And if it is terrible, I think some people are worried that the order may
have DLC and that and I can actually I can kind of get where some of that might be a
little bit justified. Like if this DLC comes out and then they're asking even more
money for it, where some people are going to get like really irritated with that.
I mean, at least Parasite Eve never tried to sell DLC on top of it type of thing.
Right. But anyway, there's a lot of great comments in our chat room here.
I want to make sure I get through some of these over in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
The SAG is there saying for a buyer's review, cost versus gameplay length needs to be
noted. Academic criticism not relevant, which isn't to say it's the factor, but just
something to know.
You know, I think I agree with that.
You know, I remember it was an EGM or games, I think it was EGM that used to do that
where they would have kind of a review in there, like a little chart almost showing
replayability over time.
Yeah, yeah.
And I love that.
I think that's a great idea.
And this kind of would fall into it.
It's like if this game has a ton of replayability to it, then by all means, a five hour
time frame on it doesn't mean really much of anything.
It's just, you know, I mean, like a lot of arcade games were short.
Right. Let me get through some more of these comments.
There's so many good ones.
acteft in live.vognetwork.com says portal one is an hour short and who doesn't love
portal one? Well, maybe once you know how to do it, portal one's an hour.
But still, I would say portal two was maybe a maybe a five hour game.
Right. And it was full, it's been so long since I played it.
Then again, it did have the multiplayer element to it, but it still was a shorter
game. And I didn't see people complaining about, you know, the length of that.
But then again, it's also something that now with, you know, the level letters and
stuff, the replayability is huge.
Let me get through some more comments.
Let's see over at live.vognetwork.com, Dungeon Buster is pointing out that the $40
for the orange box went towards the entire package.
Let's not forget portal one.
They weren't selling for $60 by itself.
The orange box is one of the greatest gaming values they've ever released.
Kaijuto says you're paying for the experience, not the game time.
That's like saying shorter movies should cost less than longer movies.
Can we, hold on, if you want to pay less for a shorter game, just rent it like people
have been doing for years.
Can we get a remastered version of the orange box on these consoles?
I buy that again.
And you know, the movie is a good comparison because honestly, people will buy a Disney
movie that's 90 minutes long.
They'll buy a $29 Blu-ray of The Lion King and not even give it a second thought.
And it's like a 90 minute movie.
But a movie like that, you can watch over and over and over and over and over and over
and over again.
And probably, especially if you're a child and never get sick of it, right?
Yeah, but then you're comparing like stories.
I mean, like I said, if the story of The Order is really, really, really good, then
there's no problem there.
I just, I have a hard time believing that it's like, you know, if the story that would
have to be that good would be like, for me, it would have to be along the lines of like
Bioshock Infinite or something like that.
You know, something really like, wow, you know, that's a really cool story.
So, yeah, and I think the bottom line here and just kind of to try to wrap this subject
up is that I think just because a game is six to eight hours and is $60 doesn't mean
that the game is instantly bad or a bad value and we shouldn't necessarily turn away
and not even try a game because it's only six to eight hours and happens to be $60
because there are a lot of good, compact experiences out there.
It sounds to me like The Order is just not one of those experiences.
For as hyped as this game was, you know, it might be very pretty and so forth, but the
game, again, from what I'm hearing secondhand, maybe the game just wasn't
particularly memorable.
It sounds to me that they spent so much time on getting the visuals right on it, that
they ran out of time to make the rest of the game and then they just had to put it up
because it had already been delayed and delayed and delayed.
And now it's just like, well, it's short, but we'll just make it up later in DLC that
we can sell or something.
Yeah.
All right, anyhow, I'm sure there's plenty more to say on this topic, but maybe we'll
take that to the forums for a little bit of a follow up next week.
Anyhow, I do want to move on, though, because we're running a little long for this
half of the show.
But excuse me, we have to get to our classic game of the week.
Every week, Dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game where she's
like, hey, back in my day, you paid $60 to be a little square that would bounce a ball
and you loved it.
It's the classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura, well, maybe this isn't really a square with a ball, but it is a classic
game.
It's at least 10 years old to qualify.
It's older than some of you kids.
That's right.
Dark Sakura, what is the classic game of the week this week?
The classic game is Batagun.
It is a vertical shoot-em-up game that was put up by a developer called Toaplan.
The name translates to exceptional or extraordinary.
It was an arcade game that came out in 1993, and there was a second version that was
shown at the Arcade Operators Union in Japan that never came out because Toaplan went
into bankruptcy.
It was called a Batagun special version.
It appeared, though, on the second-hand market, by the way.
There were two versions out on the Sega Saturn, one in 1996 that was recoded by an
offshoot of Toaplan called Gazelle.
This is the game that many people will say started the bullet hell genre or manic
shooter.
Basically, as the game was being developed, the employees would go up.
Well, let me rephrase this.
People who were involved in the development of the game went on to work at Cave and
made this a thing.
The main programmer of the game was Seneki Ikeda, who had a...
I'd probably say this game, since it's pretty vicious with how hard it can get.
I need to find this guy and go, why?
Anyway, the special editions had a few different challenges and had a smaller
hitbox, a shield, more powerful bombs, scoring items, and multiple game rounds or
loops that got harder and harder.
The Saturn versions were almost the same, but they had a few different things,
including rearranged music and lack of slowdown in some cases.
So it actually, you couldn't rely on the slowdown to give you more time to judge
where your bullets were.
So basically, it's the joystick two-button control.
You have a fire, you have a bomb, and you gain experience points that are separate
from the score.
So every 288 points, your gun will level up and get stronger.
So it's kind of like RPG elements in a shoot-em-up.
The characters, though, were like super fucking generic-looking, as I'll get out.
You had Geno, who actually looks kind of like Trunks from Dragon Ball Z.
And then you have just the generic girl named, I'm going to mispronounce her name,
Beltiana.
And then you had the other guy who's like the pretty boy, bad boy guy named Iceman,
who's like, I'm sure was a complete rip-off of Val Kilmer's character in Top Gun.
So anyway, you also can get points by collecting these V-shaped medals.
And you get 3,000 points when the thing's finished for every one of those that you
have, and 5,000 points for larger ones.
And then if your ship is destroyed, you lose all your medals.
You get an extra life at 1 million points.
Now, the names of the ships just have the best names, the bad guys.
You have Deep Purple, Madzilla, Deep Steel Darkness, Jupiter, and Ground of the
Galaxy.
It's with an R in it for how it was romanized, Galaxy, but I still think it's
awesome.
My favorite, though, is Mad Steel Darkness, because that's just a cool name, and I
would steal that for a band.
So there you go.
Botsugan.
I have to admit, I have not really, I don't have a familiarity with this game until
you are mentioning it here.
I did not realize this was a game to thank for the bullet hell, but I can definitely
see it in this.
Yep.
Did you see, like, just how, I mean, for as pretty as this game is, and the good
music and really fun that it is, did you see just how absolutely generic the
characters are?
Yeah.
Seriously, it's like, this guy looks like Trunks.
This guy looks like, you know, generic anime guy number three.
What year is this from?
1993.
So yeah, they all have that sort of mid to early 90s anime looking everybody.
It's okay.
I don't, I don't fault the game for that, really.
This is actually a game I'm looking to get on Saturn, but I haven't, um, you
know, when it's come across my path, I haven't had the money for it, so.
All right.
So there you go.
There it is.
Your classic game of the week.
Batsu gun here on orange laundry.
That's a good, I always say gun though.
Cause it's a shooter.
Surely you understand where I'm making my mistake.
All right.
Um, dark soccer, what, what, uh, bullet hell shooters do you think we would owe
this game?
Thanks.
Espa galuda.
Because I like saying espa galuda.
I think for a while I was calling it escaped beluga.
Uh, that is going to do it here on orange launch radio for the first half of our
show, but don't go anywhere because there is plenty more show to come.
When we come back, we're going to get into the Fugu question of the week, some
rapid fire news, your emails, or maybe it's just email this week and your calls.
We got more OLR, uh, to go.
We got, and it's already 7 55.
We got to get going here, uh, to try to get done here by nine o'clock or midnight
on the East coast.
Or I guess we just go along tonight.
We'll find out when we come back with more of OLR right after this.
Welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live with our 588th episode on this
February, the 22nd of 2015.
And, uh, wow.
I can't believe we're 588 episodes in, which means 600, believe it or not, we're
gonna, we're gonna more than likely get to 600 and 600 is looking on the horizon.
Uh, and the date for that, just if you guys are planning, it looks like it's going to
be May 24th would be the date that episode 600 is going to fall onto.
Uh, that is assuming there is no more canceled shows after the PAX East week.
Cause obviously if we cancel shows, it gets pushed back.
Wouldn't that be funny though?
Because if we ended up, if we canceled like four shows, not that I'm saying we
should do that, but it would, uh, it would actually end up that our 600th episode
and our 13th anniversary would be on like the same day.
So that would be kind of funny.
Uh, but anyway, just for those of you guys, uh, playing along at home, uh, I
don't know if we're going to do anything super big.
We always talk about like, should we do something special for the 10 year, for
the 500, for the 11 year, should we do something special that we never do?
So 13 is kind of a weird, 13 is kind of a weird one, which, but it's 13.
I mean, you know, that's kind of a lucky number for a lot of people.
So I don't know.
That would be a, uh, our bar.
Don't we get a bar mitzvah when we turn 13?
That's what we need.
The orange lounge radio bar mitzvah.
Jamie's giving me these looks of like, um, dot, dot, dot.
Are you going to read from the Torah and Klingon?
I guess I can.
Maybe grandpa from Horthouse would be willing.
He probably knows Klingon.
He's a nerd.
True.
You knew where that came from, right?
There was an episode of Frasier where he went to the, to the, uh, bar mitzvah and
read the speech in Klingon.
Uh, actually grandpa's in chat right now saying a Jerry Lewis telethon or Rob
Roberts telethon.
Actually, I'm all about the charity stuff and we have yet to really do a big, big
charity push.
So that's always a possibility, especially considering if I'm not
mistaking, May 24th would be Memorial day weekend.
Right.
So, or is it the next week?
I don't know.
Maybe we'll actually kind of fall at a good time.
We'll see.
All right.
Uh, anyway, for now let's get into, maybe that's something we can plan on our
forums.
Let's do a segment we like to call forum feedback.
If you were not aware, Orange L'Antranio has a forum at the voice of geeks network
vog network.com, uh, over at forums.vog network.com.
That's VOG network.com.
And I got to say props to you guys this week.
Clap, clap, clap, clap, because now it's not just me making topics.
The listeners are making topics.
Thank you.
And this is starting to take off a little bit.
Who says forums are dead?
You guys are, you guys are helping out in a big way.
Thank you so much.
I want to feature a couple of posts that were made on the forums this week.
I'm actually going to focus.
I can't read every post that's made.
We make posts to have discussions, but I want to at least touch on a couple of the, uh,
listener made ones.
YYR made a post on nostalgia, which had come up in our last episode.
When does nostalgia come up on Orange L'Antranio?
That never happens.
Anyway, uh, but YYR started a topic on nostalgia, wanting to touch specifically on the discussion
that happened late in the episode with this, with Sonic and nostalgia.
I think somebody had made the comment about George RR Martin should kill off all Sonic's
friends.
Remember that?
So the caller that suggested it was akin to chasing that first high may have been onto
something for some people at least, but while the human body is constantly changing and
no two drug samples are the same old video games are unique in the fact that they never
change ever.
Every old game is exactly the same as it was all those years ago.
Now, I'm not sure if I'm just different or strange, but in recent times when I've gone
back and played Mega Man 2, Super Mario World or other favorite games I played as a kid,
I feel the same joy as I did back then.
Everything is just as I remembered it, and I love revisiting these old classics again
and again.
This applies even to old Atari or Commodore games.
I wonder if maybe this is because I've gone back to this stuff every few years.
There hasn't been a huge gap of 15 or 20 years.
How does everyone else feel when revisiting these old things?
Rebel Romance replied to this and said,
Me, when I play Super Mario Brothers 2, and it's a very specific moment in Mario Brothers
2, when I play Super Mario Brothers 2, and I don't use those warp zones, I actually play
the game straight through, and I get to World 1-3 where you fight the boss Mauser.
Remember that?
Remember the boss Mauser?
Mario 2 had some really awesome characters.
Never really came back.
Like, there was what?
Fry Guy and...
Yeah, but those weren't technically...
I know they were part of the whole the Japanese Doki Doki.
But if they can repurpose the Shy Guys...
Come on, Shy Guys came from that game, and they've been repurposed in all these other
Mario games.
If they can do that, they can bring back Wart or something.
I'm waiting for a Mario game where we take him on again.
But anyway, I digress.
When I play Mauser, I remember that night, and it was New Year's Eve, probably when I
was 10 years old.
I might be fudging the year a little bit, but I think I was 10 years old on New Year's
Eve.
I stayed up all night because you could do that because it was New Year's Eve, so a 10
year old could be up all night.
That was the one day a year you got to be a total insomniac as a kid, right?
I stayed up all night trying to beat him.
And I finally did, but I remember it took several tries.
And I just...
I don't know, when I play Mauser in Super Mario Brothers 2, I'm taken back to, I'm staying
up all night.
I'm being bad.
I'm staying up all night and playing video games.
This is what I love.
So I don't know if you guys have any specific moments you remember like that, but that's
something for me.
No, but I have a thought about Sonic, though.
See, the thing is, I think the new series now, Sonic Boom, is they're trying to be very
formulaic with it.
Instead of just making a Sonic game and making a good Sonic game, like they did with the
original Sonic games, now it's like, we got to turn it into a franchise.
But not necessarily a franchise that is a video game franchise, but a franchise that
we can put on lunch boxes and we can sell all this stuff.
They want to turn it into like a Skylanders or even...
See, Pac-Man did the same thing.
They turned it into the Ghostly Adventures thing and they're trying to sell the TV show
to get the kids hooked on it, but kids don't give a shit about it.
And that's the problem is...
It was kind of when Pac-Man went back to its roots with the Championship Edition and so
forth, like the original designer had a hand in that, right?
When you got Pac-Man Battle Royale, these are all like really strong offerings in the
Pac-Man series, right?
Even like the cartoon, like I've watched some of the cartoon with my son.
The Ghostly Adventures isn't terrible.
It's just, I don't know.
I just think Sonic Boom is just kind of way off.
It's not the same thing, I guess.
It's kind of like how Skylanders isn't Spyro, maybe.
Anyway, I love these type of stories.
And YYR is actually in chat right now saying, that is so specific and it's interesting that
you remember the positive aspect of that and not the, it took so many tries part.
You know, also not to get like too deep or whatever, but like, I have serious memory
problems.
Just ask Alan about this.
Like Alan has to remind me of shit all the time.
I double book myself constantly.
I forget things all the time.
Heaven help you if I'm supposed to remember your birthday.
If it weren't for Facebook, I'd probably forget them all.
Like I just, I have a horrible memory.
So when I do have like things like that, that I really cling to another, I'll tell you,
I'll give you one more since you like that one YYR, I'll give you one more.
And I remember a lot of you when you were younger remember this.
I remember again, this was a stay up all night slumber party and my friend Devin growing
up his house, we were playing star tropics for the first time.
And he had just got it.
And we were playing, I swear to God, we were playing that game all fucking night.
And we got to the part where you had to have the letter.
And I swear to God, I can't remember what I did last week, but I can remember the layout
of Devin's kitchen going to get the jar.
Cause it was like, it was like an old school, like Mason jar type of thing that we got.
We filled with water and put that letter in there so that you could see that code that
actually came up on there.
So anyway, I do, I have these like really random ass memories in gaming.
So when things like that come up, I cling to them.
Or in case you don't have the mail cause you bought the game used and you have to call
Nintendo hint line.
They're like, well, I just put the letter in the, in, in, in the, uh, in water.
I'm like, what letter?
And their letter came with the manual.
I don't have the manual.
Okay.
The code seven 67.
Oh my gosh.
Uh, why, why are I'm sorry?
Seven 47.
I have to write everything down or ask people to remind me, but I will always remember how
to get through the beams of the quick man stage.
Yes.
I am high fiving you from California.
Yes.
I totally remember that.
Okay.
You want one more story?
One more story.
Rob was literally doing that by the way.
I, I don't lie here on OLR.
I also remember getting in a heap shit ton of trouble in the fifth grade.
I got busted because the teacher was trying to teach.
Which is ironic now that I'm also a teacher, but the teacher was trying to teach and I
wasn't having it because I just got the latest episode of Nintendo power or at least episode
latest issue of Nintendo power with Simon Belmont on the cover.
It was that very controversial cover on, if you remember, I got that and I brought it
to school and, um, I was showing one of my friends while she was trying to teach and
she got so pissed.
She took it away from me.
But what's funny about that memory is that what was on the cover, which if I remember
why it was kind of a graphic decapitation was on the cover.
That wasn't an issue.
I never got in trouble over that.
I got in trouble for bringing literature to school.
Nowadays, you'd be like supporting, you know, terrorism or something like that.
And they arrest you.
Anyway.
YYR says, wasn't that the second issue ever?
It was one of the first five for sure.
It might've been the second one.
It was, it was an early one for sure.
For sure.
Anyway, uh, moving on, uh, let's get to it now.
You know what the payback I get for that is, by the way, when I'm trying to teach class
and people are on the fucking internet while I'm trying to teach, teach a class anyway,
uh, going to another topic from our forums one more tonight where a Flacco Jones has
started a topic on video games, genre mashups, uh, because, uh, he was talking about that.
We had the guys from Star Mazer on last week, which by the way, congrats.
They made their Kickstarter goal.
And I'd like to think we helped a little bit.
Surely their own telethons and they did like a 24 hour thing on Friday.
That was probably a big part of it, but they not only hit their goal, they did make it
to 180,000, which was their first stretch goal for, um, bringing in more musical talent.
So some of those great names that they were talking about are going to be on this soundtrack.
So congrats to those guys from Star Mazer.
But, uh, Flacco Jones had been listening to the interview and said, I was intrigued by
the merging of point and click and shmup genres.
And I wanted to know what other genre mashups the listeners could come up with.
I'll start.
When I interviewed with Konami to be a game tester years ago, one of the questions they
asked me was, what is your favorite type of video game?
And I answered, I like RPGs and sports games the most.
The interview commented that he never heard that combination before.
And that got me thinking about not the individual genres, but combining them.
Well, I don't play them as much anymore.
One of the things I liked most about playing sports games was career mode.
If there even was one now take that concept and really expand it to incorporate elements
of RPGs, where you upgrade your character skills, not just through combat or playing
the games in this case, but through all sorts of other methods, such as interaction with
other characters, side quests, and so on.
If during your career mode, your athlete makes a blunder on social media, for example, they
actually lose stats.
There's a ton of possibilities beyond just playing a sporting event and getting better
or worse throughout the season or career.
Now, Bobby Black Wolf joined in and followed this up saying, you know, the NCAA football
games did that for a while.
You'd have to schedule your off time and that affected your stats the next game.
Spend free time studying raises your awareness.
Spend time into the gym raises your toughness.
Spend time with your girlfriend distresses you.
In your dorm room, you would even have a picture of your current girlfriend.
And as you got better, you got hotter girlfriends.
Well, that's interesting, but okay.
You can then take that character and import them into Madden, which would take his stats.
And then Madden also has stuff like press interviews and coach interactions.
It's very basic, but the groundwork is there.
They even simulate Twitter now where you can see ESPN pundits and fans tweeting about your
action on the field.
Oh my gosh.
And then YYR said, has there been a combined fighting music game yet?
Like if you hit enemies off beat, they barely flinch.
But if you punch them perfectly on beat, they explode into bloody chunks.
Not so much that, but Def Jam Icon was a fighting game set to music.
See, and Bobby Black Wolf has suggested Kickbeat to that actually as well.
And YYR said, Kickbeat's kind of a rhythm game at its core, but I meant something like
you have free control over your character and their attacks, like final fight.
But the timing of the attack matters.
Also bloody explosions, very important.
Def Jam Icon, but it wasn't bloody explosions, but it would like, if you hit stuff on the
beat, then it would do more damage.
In a way.
I mean, I don't, this is kind of out there, but go back to the old school Kung Fu on the
8-bit NES.
Do you remember Kung Fu?
Like it was like a side scroller and you were going up the different stories to, I don't
know, rescue your girlfriend who was on the fifth floor or something like that.
You know, there was a pattern to the way those enemies would show up.
And for some people you would kind of get it to the music, right?
So in a way, like a game like Kung Fu, you could probably memorize some of the patterns
of the guys that come out to the music.
I don't know, but I think I kind of just like maybe the concept is rooted in there somewhere,
somewhere, but of course we need more bloody explosions.
I completely understand that.
Anyway, great suggestions, great suggestions on the forums.
I love these posts.
Post more.
You guys are doing awesome.
Forums.vognetwork.com.
Don't be shy, but remember I can't read everything on air because I've already spent 15 minutes
reading that and we got to get into some more segments like our rapid fire news.
Loki.
Yeah, it's funny that you mentioned Star Tropics because this story actually has to do with
Star Tropics.
Apparently this guy named Brad Smith was playing Star Tropics and noticed that there was something
kind of funky about the sound in the game and actually went through and edited the ROM
to fix the problem, to basically fix, there was like this little bit of, I don't know
what you'd call it, like part of the melody or whatever that cuts out in the game that
comes back later on in like the overworld and it just sounds weird.
So he found out what it was and, you know, edited some code errors in there.
Now it plays fine, but it's kind of cool that people go back and bug fix stuff, you
know, from a long time ago.
Kind of like how they remember the ET and made ET better.
That was pretty cool.
And then this is kind of funny.
Did you know that there was a Carmen Sandiego game that took place entirely in North Dakota?
Yes, there was a Where in North Dakota is Carmen Sandiego.
I believe that I brought this up when I actually covered Where in the World is Carmen Sandiego.
Did you really?
I don't, I didn't remember it.
I believe I did.
Oh, maybe.
It actually happened a few other places were able to license the character for doing a
local edutainment games.
Is this something making the blog rounds again this week or something?
Yes.
Okay, I got it.
But they actually had like a review that was done of the game and kind of showing it and
it looked like it was pretty decent.
Yeah, originally there were supposed to be 20 different states kind of trying to license
their own versions of the game, but it never ended up happening.
So let me think if she's in North Dakota, she's probably in, I don't know, Bismarck
because where else are you going to go in North Dakota?
Well, there's lots of different cities there.
So she's in a field.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
I don't want angry North Dakotans messaging me, but apparently, yeah, you can actually,
I think, download the game.
They were saying that it's on Asimov's Apple II FTP, which is ftp.apple.asimov.net.
So that's kind of cool.
And then this is where in North Dakota is Carmen Sandiego Bismarck.
She's in Bismarck.
Anyways, I'm singing way too much on tonight's show.
I apologize.
I apologize.
It's very sweet.
This is one of the old shareware games I used to love back in the 90s, Raptor Call of the
Shadows.
It was a shmup game that came out, and now they have a brand new kind of addition of
it, the 2015 edition on Steam that you can get for $4.49, and it brings back, was it
27 levels?
And I want to say, was this Apogee or, I don't remember who made this, but it was
awesome, so go check it out.
And it had a mode, and they had like, I wonder if the Easter eggs are still in there, because
they had a mode with like, if you played it on the developer's birthday or something,
like the enemies became lizards and stuff, and it would have like funny music and, I
don't know.
All right, well, moving on to, this isn't so much a classic video game, but it's definitely
a classic board game that does have a video game adaptation.
A lot of people really love this game.
It shows up in a lot of board game parties.
It's Settlers of Catan.
Settlers of Catan apparently has been optioned to be made into a movie or TV show.
What?
Right?
This is gonna be weird.
Producer Gail Katz, known for movies like Pawn Sacrifice, Air Force One, and The Perfect
Storm, bought the film and television rights for Settlers of Catan, saying she's excited
by vivid, visual, exciting, and timeless world of Catan.
Now, the weird thing is, there's really no plot to Settlers of Catan, so...
It's all about trading your sheep for wood or...
But at the same time, that means there's a lot you can do with it.
So, I don't know, Clue was a board game, is like one of the best movies ever.
So, but then there's also Battleship.
So, I'm hoping...
But the problem is like, whenever I hear that they're licensing like some sort of fantasy
or medieval like genre game, it's just like, hey, we want to try to be the next Game of
Thrones, and that's what I always worry about.
No, I hope not.
It's just like, I don't know, there's not really a story to Settlers of Catan.
Unless you do like something like ridiculous, like it's a bunch of people that play Settlers
of Catan professionally or something like that, then maybe there'd be some silly movie
out of that, but I don't see it.
Anyhow, the Xbox One, the screenshots.
We talked about this, I think, a couple weeks ago on the show because there was a tweet
or something that had gone out from Phil Spencer.
However, this week it's rolling out to beta testers.
It's going to be part of the March system update, and this will allow you to say, Xbox,
take a screenshot, you know, if you have that Kinect, or you can double tap the Xbox button
on the controller and then press Y to take a picture.
There's a little demo video that shows how it works, but it's just a screenshot, y'all.
It's not that complicated.
Glad to hear you're getting that feature.
And lastly, a video game hall of fame being created at the National Museum of Play, another
term, I guess another way to call the strong, which is the folks that are behind this,
museumofplay.org.
It's a New York-based outfit, and they are considering any game, basically, right now
for its freshman class of World Video Game Hall of Fame honorees.
It could be arcade, console, computer, handheld, or mobile.
Visit the Strong's website and make a case for why it is your choice.
I guess the website for that is worldvideogamehalloffame.org
slash nominate, so you can check that out.
So, quickly, what video game are we going to ask the OL Army to go nominate?
What video game do we believe they should be nominating into the Hall of Fame?
I was going to say President Cat.
No.
Duh, The Guardian Legend.
I could support The Guardian Legend.
Very overlooked classic on the NES.
Loki, you okay with that?
I'm fine with that.
Alright, The Guardian Legend.
That or Miss World Nude Nights.
Both are classics in their own right.
Go ye fourth listeners, make it work, make it happen.
Get either The Guardian Legend or Miss Nude World 96.
Come on Dark Soccer, you have to admit that's a pretty good choice.
No.
Everybody, move your body.
Guardian Legend.
There is nothing else.
It's a singing episode, it's a musical episode.
There is nothing else.
I don't know, I might go nominate Miss Nude World 96 now.
Alright.
Alright, Dark Soccer, if you want you can change the topic with some more news.
Spawn.
Uh, yes, there is a topic that was discussed with Todd McFarlane
as if Spawn was going to be showing up in the new Mortal Kombat game.
He said that they have access to use Spawn if they want to.
It's up to them.
He gave them a window of time, so if they want to, it could happen.
So, we'll see.
In other news, Nintendo has happy, happy fun stuff going on with the 25th anniversary of Fire Emblem.
They're doing a symphony concert in Japan.
This is going to be taking place, uh, looking at Tokyo Dome City Hall between July 24th and 25th.
And, uh, someone give me a ticket so I can go.
Please.
I'm begging a little bit.
And then, last but not least, houses for, uh, card games.
Exploding Kittens!
Exploding Kittens, put out by the oatmeal, has broken all Kickstarter records.
They raised 8.78 million dollars with, uh, 219,382 backers.
So...
I'm one of them.
You get to have Exploding Kittens as a card game.
And the NSFW deck, which you know, like,
I think, seriously, like, 90% of the people who backed it opted for the NSFW deck.
Because we're all perverts.
You know what?
What?
The oatmeal has been behind another Kickstarter that I think actually was a little bit more,
I would say, important than Exploding Kittens.
There was the funding out for a Nikola Tesla museum.
Oh, I remember that.
IndieGoGo, yeah, I remember that.
Which actually, um, had a contribution by Elon Musk of Tesla Motors.
So, same.
But Exploding Kittens, Dark Soccer, it's...
Rob!
Fine!
Then when I get my deck, you can't play.
All right.
We're gonna get to the Fugu question of the week, but I just wanted to, uh,
I wanted to mention to Loki, you know, because we were joking about Miss Nude World 96.
Do you know what I just realized as I was walking to the kitchen and getting some water?
This is gonna be the 20th anniversary.
The 20th anniversary is next year.
I feel like we should celebrate.
Well, you know what that means.
Strippers in Miss New World 96.
Rob, the moment you said that, the line popped into my head from Resident Evil.
I feel like we're having a secret meeting.
It's gonna be one weird, one weird cam show on, uh, on, was it that PlayStation thing?
That's every week here at OLR is a secret meeting.
All right, let's get to the Fugu question of the week.
You guys know the drill by now.
You take Facebook, you take Google Plus, you slam it together, and you get Fugu.
And every week we ask a question of our, uh, Facebook and Google Plus communities,
uh, that we will check out the responses here.
Uh, I guess I could read them all tonight because, uh, very few of you responded over
on Google Plus.
Remember it was getting, it was like a tie last week.
It was like three and three, but this week Facebook decided to be kind to us and showed
the post to more people.
So we only got one answer on Google Plus to this question and it's about Killer Queen.
No, not the infamous Queen song, uh, although that is awesome too.
And I would sing it for you, but I've hit my quotient for the night.
However, it's the arcade game that Dark Soccer was talking about earlier.
Now this had us thinking about multiplayer arcade experiences.
This is a 10 player arcade game, right?
So many of you grew up in or around arcades.
What was an epic multiplayer experience that you remember from playing in the arcade?
This can be recent or this can be a long time ago.
You know, as an example, Dark Soccer, Loki and I, we all met playing DDR, which, you
know, wasn't necessarily a multiplayer game, but that was absolutely an experience.
But that usually led to other stuff.
Like I remember Dark Soccer and I one night going to town on the grid, which was like
around the corner from DDR.
Yeah, it looked like a fun game.
Yeah, we played that.
Anyway, so I was wondering if you guys had some like multiplayer experiences as well.
Sumo game.
The, oh God, that wasn't really a multiplayer game, but yeah, it was definitely a, we all
stood around it and went the fuck?
Well, you know what we had when I worked in an arcade?
Run and gun.
Oh yeah.
All right, let's get to some of the listener responses here.
Act Deft is our lone Google Plus reply tonight saying, I remember the Suzuka eight hours
machines with four bikes and a main screen in the middle so anyone could watch what every
player was watching.
I also remember the Super Street Fighter two tournament edition cabs.
Those were really cool.
Yeah, Street Fighter two in some ways really just like lit the multiplayer stuff, you know,
on fire in the arcades.
Like at least for my youth, that was such a huge part of it.
I don't think you can even have a conversation about multiplayer arcade games without mentioning
Street Fighter two.
Ragenator replies over on Facebook saying, for me it was playing Samurai Shodown 4, Amakusa's
Revenge on a four slot Neo Geo MVS at my former college's coffee house.
We had the same regulars playing that game constantly against each other and it was a
blast.
Andy R says, I remember when Blaze Blue first came out and Sunnyvale Golf Land was pretty
much the only place that had it.
My friends and I journeyed up there from school to play it.
It was about a three hour drive and after we had fun with the game, one of my friends
was joking about buying the arcade board for the game.
We would end up doing the trip again for DJ Max Technica, rest in peace.
Hey Andy R, you know what?
We hear you because we used to make that same trip to Sunnyvale Golf Land to play Beatmania
2DX.
So actually back in the day, we used to drive to Arcade Infinity.
That's about a six hour drive from Sacramento to go to LA and play all the, we would go
to Korea town to play the stuff there.
Oh, good times, good times.
This is like, I can't imagine road tripping for an arcade anymore these days.
Red The Haze replies and says, mine would be virtual on.
My friend and I tried it for the first time a few years ago and we got really hooked and
dropped more than $10, which was a lot for us poor college students back then.
Now I regret not picking up those twin sticks for the Dreamcast when I saw them at a local
game store.
Degenerate Johnny replies and says, back when I lived in Detroit as a kid, my friends and
I treated our local arcade comic book store as a second home.
We often finished multiplayer games in one sitting, X-Men, Simpsons, Ninja Turtles, so
on.
However, none stood out more than the summer day in 1994 when the arcade received its latest
game, Aliens vs. Predator from Capcom.
Hell yeah.
Once the owner plugged in the game, my friends and I were on it like shit on Velcro.
After hours of dumping quarters, we finally beat this intense four player beat-em-up.
It was a truly epic moment in our early gaming lives.
What made it more epic was that the game made us stay up till midnight, first time for me.
Punishment from our parents followed, of course, for this 10 year old, but was worth it.
Oh my God, you were 10 out in Detroit until midnight playing Aliens vs. Predator?
That's, that's, oh my God.
I would have spanked you.
All right.
And not in the sexy way.
SSJ100 Matt replies and says, Killer Queen is an amazing game.
It was at MAGFest this year and it was easily the most popular arcade game in the whole
weekend.
But anyway, I have a lot of memories as a kid playing Turtles in Time and the Simpsons
arcade game with friends.
Later on, I played a lot of the grid and gauntlet legends in my teenage years, especially with
the help of the saved profile functions in the game.
Our buddy Jonas, our explicit, replied and said, hmm, having a group of six people, myself
included, play the six player X-Men arcade game without dying during my time in the Philippines
as a kid.
Playing an eight player Virtua Racing in the Luxor Casino Las Vegas when they had it before
the release of Daytona Racing in 1994 and the Crazy Panic Park tournaments at California
Extreme.
Nuff said.
Last but not least, Dark Tetsuya.
I think the most epic multiplayer experience has got to be Namco's Galaxian 3.
Imagine six cockpit seats with a Vector Star Wars style flight controller, two giant 50
inch monitors and a giant booth to house it in.
I played it in Santa Cruz at the boardwalk back in the late 90s.
It was amazing.
Great answers, you guys.
Those answers took me back and reminded me of a lot of good stuff, too.
Like, again, random ass memories from when I was a kid.
I went to go play Mortal Kombat 2.
It was a convenience store that had Mortal Kombat 2, like a 7-Eleven type of place, more
like mom and pop owned.
We would go to this convenience store to play Mortal Kombat 2.
It was like the only place in town that had it.
Like the big arcades didn't even have it.
That was always fun.
Like having like a bunch of different stores around towns that would have each would have
like one arcade game.
We got to go play Captain Commando.
Let's go to this like cafe over here.
Right.
And that's just going to go play Street Fighter.
It's at 7-Eleven or we'd have like the one bowling alley that had the Mortal Kombat 2.
Yeah, it used to.
It's like slot machines in Vegas, right?
You would see you go to the grocery store.
Oh, there's a slot machine over there.
You know, wherever you go, there's going to be gas stations, slot machines, right?
It used to be like that with arcade games for a period of time in the 90s.
But now it's kind of like that, right?
When I moved out here, you know, right at the end of the 90s, right at the end there.
And Dan and I would just, we'd do what we called our arcade circuit.
We would go to Crest View Lanes because they had Air Guys.
They had Blazing Star.
Rest in peace, that ghetto ass bowling alley is still standing.
Even though it's been closed for like five years.
It makes me so sad.
I just want all those games to be mine.
I'm just waiting for them to get that land and make it a strip mall.
You know that's what's going to happen.
At least I can play Blazing Star on my iPad.
That's true.
Great answers, you guys.
Took me back.
I love it.
All right, let's go back to some long news.
We're having a long show tonight, but this is some good stuff tonight, guys.
But some more recent stuff that's going on in gaming.
Loki.
Yes.
So there's been a class action lawsuit against Nvidia for their new GeForce GTX 970 graphics
card.
Apparently it's due to false advertising.
And the reason being is that people have found that since it has four gigabytes of video
RAM on there, apparently when games allocate more than three and a half gigabytes of RAM,
it starts to slow down.
Apparently, according to the lawsuit, the last half of a gigabyte runs 80% slower than
it's supposed to.
And this is causing stuttering on high resolution games and whatnot.
So interesting.
I've been hearing, you know, just I always look into like, you know, possibly upgrading
my desktop computer at one time, which is in parts right now.
But, you know, I had GeForce, well, GTS 880s at one time, or not 880s, 8800s.
This is before they had just the three digit cards.
Anyways, also saying, though, that apparently Nvidia has acknowledged that the GTX 970 uses
a different memory subsystem designed than its higher end GTX 980, but said the difference
is negligible.
But apparently it was something that a lot of people felt otherwise.
So be interesting to see how how this ends up.
I don't know.
I think it kind of sucks, though, especially if, you know, these cards seem to come out
so often and they keep pushing near just how much they can do.
And, you know, I guess it makes for healthy competition.
I guess now ATA comes out with something that works a little better than people decide to
go that camp and why not?
I don't know.
Akuma JP in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com says I'm using a GTX 970.
No problem here.
All ultra settings.
So maybe it just depends on what I mean.
That's that's the thing about building your own computer.
Your own computer is that everything has to get along in the box.
So you might have a serious problem.
Also, I'm wondering, too, because, like, I mean, I understand you're running all ultra
settings, but are you I don't know how much of the four gigabytes of video RAM seems like
an awful lot.
And I don't know if we're talking like, you know, 4K displays and stuff like that.
Is that what you're trying to output on this?
Because it seems like that most games would not use four gigabytes of video RAM.
I mean, at least I think that they wouldn't, but I don't know.
Maybe they would.
But I think the ultra ultra.
I'm thinking like, you know, this sounds to me like if you're running like ultra settings
on like multiple monitors or something like that, that it would run into the situation.
But I don't know.
Maybe it's in once again, you know, this is something that I guess will come out, you
know, if this lawsuit goes forward, that maybe it was just a batch of cards that was defective
or something like that and something that they fixed.
I don't know.
Hopefully they work it out.
We'll see how we always talk about these lawsuits and things like that.
It's crazy.
Rama says, fanboys in their Nvidia, Team AMD for life.
Bobby Blackwolf says, I'm going to be getting a GTX when the consumer rift comes out because
Nvidia works better with the Oculus stuff for whatever reason.
My current AMD has issues.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
I want to talk about Yokai Watch.
You know, this series is huge in Japan, right?
Huge.
But it, for whatever reason, hasn't shown up in America.
And I think a lot of people are wondering, especially those that are a little more tuned
into what's going on in the Japanese culture and what's popular over there, wondering when
is Level 5 going to bring this over to the States?
Well, guess what?
Yokai Watch developer Level 5 has confirmed a deal to bring these 3DS games to an English
audience.
It's, you know, this series is kind of like Pokemon, but there's more to it than that.
Anyhow, merchandising and licensing and so forth, probably something that's going to
follow with this.
Hasbro actually has got that with Level 5, and they're going to launch these toys in
2016.
They're going full throttle here in the States.
Anime, comics, books, music, Monopoly boards, the games themselves.
It's all happening here in the States.
The Yokai Watch franchise has been hugely successful, and we are ready to bring the
brand to new markets across multiple platforms, said Akihiro Hino, who is the Level 5 president.
So here it is.
So not just the fact that it's coming Stateside, but it's coming Stateside with bells and whistles,
which that's kind of good because that tells me it's not going to be like a fringe game
because sometimes when Japanese games finally come out in the US, they're hard to find.
They're fringe.
It's like they have one run and then they're gone.
You don't find them again.
So they're putting all this licensing and freaking Hasbro is behind it too.
This game is not going to be hard to find.
They're expecting this to be a big, big thing.
Like a Yu-Gi-Oh or Naruto or something like that.
So that's good to know.
So here we go.
I already wanted it.
I would imagine E3 is going to be very telling for this, especially if I'm Nintendo and I
would get people really psyched about what's coming for the 3DS.
I think you can fully expect to see some of that in their Nintendo Direct at E3.
Anyway, Dark Sakura.
Well, things are getting serious in Australia.
What's going on right now is that there was a report out from Torrent Freak
that Australia is considering a three strikes copyright enforcement system.
Meaning that for anyone who participates in file sharing or infringing of copyright or
illegal sharing of different movies and music and things like that,
there is a three strikes copyright infringement rule.
They give them the three strikes and then take action.
So it's just a little blurb on here says this copyright notice scheme code is designed to
facilitate a cooperative industry led copyright notice scheme throughout which internet service
providers and the owners of copyright works will work to deter the practice of online
copyright infringement, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Step one is an educational notice.
Step two is a warning notice.
Step three is a final notice.
And then each notice can be appealed with a cost of $25 Australian dollars.
And if the appeal is upheld, then the fee will be refunded, which I mean,
it kind of sounds fair right now, but this doesn't say what the actual
punishments that are going to be used against these people are.
So there's a little bit more about it on Torrent Freak.
The article is, let me see if I can get the link for folks.
Yeah.
It's just a big, long URL on Torrent Freak, but just look up Torrent Freak and Australian
ISP three strikes rule.
It's a very interesting bit of information.
I don't know.
Good luck enforcing it is kind of where my head's at.
That's sort of what I'm thinking on that one.
I'm not saying that stealing is okay.
If you're going to pirate things, then you have to realize that there are consequences,
be it these very tangible things that they're talking about here,
or just moral consequences in some ways of doing something like that.
We get into a lot of gray areas and so forth, but the fact of the matter is,
if you download a CD, you are stealing it.
Don't copy that floppy.
Right.
But it's going to be very interesting to see how something like this is universally
enforced without spying on people or what that comes out.
I mean, how are you going to enforce that uniformly?
Because that's another big thing is that you can't make an example out of one person.
And a lot of people who make laws probably also download CDs illegally,
or at least have a one point in their life.
I'm certain that there's very few people who are that morally upstanding that they haven't done it.
Right.
Well, also this is Australia.
So I want to say that I know there's some games over there that either don't come out
because of their stupid like R18 thing.
I think they finally fixed the rating system, but it's still like,
I just don't know.
Things have been censored for really random things in Australia.
You know, again, I don't live there.
Maybe we have some Australian listeners who can email us
and clue us in a little more as to what the situation is really like over there.
But I do remember distinctly when the new Mortal Kombat came out,
not Mortal Kombat X, obviously, but Mortal Kombat 9 or whatever.
Like one of my friends from Australia on Facebook posted a picture of like the disc saying,
thanks so and so for mailing me a copy of this because we can't get it here in Australia.
So because it was banned or whatever.
And I think we talked about it on the show years ago.
So, but I thought they had fixed a lot of those issues where now there is a rating,
but somehow stuff still gets kind of censored.
I don't know.
Anyway, we're about to the mailbag.
But first, Loki.
Yeah.
So there's a rumor that apparently the Phantom Dust developer,
Dark Side Games has shut down.
And this would be kind of disappointing because they were supposed to be,
you know, partnering with Microsoft for this.
But apparently, you know, according to a rumor, they're saying, you know,
that the development of Phantom Dust or that basically their relationship has now ended.
And, you know, they had a great respect for the studio and their work in the industry.
But while they do not have anything to share about Phantom Dust at this time,
we can confirm development of the title continues just without Dark Side, I guess.
So apparently they're saying that the 50 staff members have been
forced to close since they lost the Phantom Dust contract.
But the game is not done with.
I've never seen that as more on Twitter.
The game is still coming, but this doesn't bode well.
Because that means if they got the contract pulled, somebody wasn't happy with it.
Not necessarily they were right in that call, but it's strange.
Well, you know, I hate reporting on these layoff type of stories because, you know,
one guy in a boardroom somewhere, a girl or group of people made that decision.
And I don't know, it's always tough to hear about.
So hopefully those folks will be able to find positions elsewhere really soon.
Meanwhile, speaking of legal crap going on,
this is something that came out a little earlier in the week.
Do you guys remember when Bethesda was going after that game Scrolls that Mojang put out because
Bethesda had the name for like Elder Scrolls and so forth?
Now they ended up reaching an agreement, but some lawyers made a bunch of money off of that.
Well, get this, the developer behind the indie title Fortress
Fallout says that Bethesda's parent company Zenimax Media forced him to abandon the
trademark for the game because of infringement with, of course, the Fallout series, which
hasn't had a new game in a while, but perhaps something is being announced real soon.
I don't know.
But anyway, Zenimax asked in a letter that the creator, Jordan Marin,
who by the way goes by CaptainSparklez on YouTube,
immediately expressly abandoned the application for Fortress Fallout and cease any and all current
or proposed use of any mark incorporating the term Fallout.
And because, you know, again, this is just one guy.
He's just complying with it because of a lack of resources.
Our lawyers say that Bethesda is notoriously litigious company.
Obviously, they have lots of money and resources that they're disposable,
which me and my partner don't really have at the moment.
So essentially we are being strong armed and having to change our name,
which is unfortunate because I personally don't feel there's any confusion
between Fortress Fallout and the Fallout game franchise.
And certainly looking at the screenshots,
there's really nothing in common with this game and Fallout.
There's no game is not about nuclear fallout or anything like that.
So I don't know this kind of.
I mean, it's one of them.
I understand he would, if they had the money to fight it, he would probably win.
But at the same time, he doesn't get settled out of court, just like the scrolls thing did.
Yeah, that's probably what would happen.
And it's easy to point a finger and go stop being an asshole.
But also there's that whole element of,
well, if you don't protect a trademark, then you're at risk for losing it.
So on one hand, Bethesda has the responsibility to do something like this.
But then you kind of look at it and go,
who gave them a trademark on the name?
Just just Fallout for everything like star Fallout star for all games to begin with.
I mean, that's I don't know, especially, I think,
I think when it comes down to that, like you shouldn't be able to have like,
you know, I shouldn't be able to make a game called Fallout.
It's like, maybe do you remember it was we just had this discussion like a year ago
when it was Candy Crush Saga and the Banner Saga.
Like it was that whole thing again.
Everybody was looking at King going,
who the fuck gave them the patent or trademark, excuse me, on Saga?
Like, how did they?
It just needs to be a lot of reform.
Yeah, but it's not going to happen.
Of course, there's no duking it out with, you know, Square for Saga Frontier.
Right.
Well, this this just goes to show, you know, and Bobby
Black was in chat saying, well, the USPTO did.
Well, yes, we know how that happens, but it's kind of one of those things where it's like,
okay, maybe we really need to look at some of this trademark and intellectual property
in the way we do, because, you know, we haven't really modernized that very
for the Internet age.
And I think we're starting to see that kind of bite us in the ass a little more.
I don't know.
And Bobby Black Wolf pointing out Vanguard V was originally Vanguard Valkyrie until CCP
came along because of Eve Valkyrie.
But both were VR games that included space combat.
That's a little bit more similar.
That's a little.
At least you can kind of look at that and go, okay, kind of see that.
But, you know, when these games really don't have anything in common, it's unfortunate.
Unfortunate.
Anyhow, let's get to the mailbag.
You guys email us every week.
Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Dark Soccer is going to dive into the mailbag and find some emails she believes are worthy
of reading on the program tonight.
Dark Soccer.
Who's emailed us?
You were wrong, because we have three emails.
Three emails?
There's only one.
Three mail.
There was only one yesterday.
Three mail.
Three mails.
Tree mail.
It's like survivor.
Um, okay.
This comes from Robert M.
News item.
YouTube personality and Minecraft fan Jordan captains.
Oh, this is.
Oh, is this the story I just read?
It is.
Never mind.
How funny.
I will skip them past all of that.
Okay.
Regarding last week's FUGL topic, I'm surprised nobody mentioned Rocky's Boots.
I used to play with that at Science Center Lab all the time.
I also saw Cosmic Osmo there long before missed.
Still busy at work.
Should be able to take time to back up things on my PS3.
Cloud save and put in a repair ticket soon.
Trademark.
Quote fingers.
Period.
I mentioned Rocky's Boots.
I love that game.
If I didn't mention on last week's show, I certainly mentioned it in the past month at
some point.
I remember talking about it on the show.
I love that game.
Love it.
Next email.
Yep.
I was excited to hear.
Here is H-E-A-R, not H-E-R-E.
About last week's forum topic.
Classic Edutational Games.
Though I wish someone would have mentioned my favorite robot odyssey.
It was from around the same time as Oregon Trail and it was like a super advanced Rocky's
Boots.
The protagonist falls into robotropolis and has to find his way out.
You can go inside robots and inside computer chips.
Sorry, my neck.
Once any of these you...
Okay.
Once inside any of these, you design all the logic circuits that tell a robot how to move
around, how to use its sensors and pick things up, et cetera.
I was only about eight when I first tried to play it, but what I learned about logic
gates, flip flops, et cetera, stuck with me.
It's even available now via emulation.
Thanks for reminding me about this great game and keep lounging.
That's from Salmonax.
I vaguely remember that game.
I think that was another MECC game, I think, who made a lot of those.
What was it?
It was like Minnesota Entertainment.
I don't remember what it stood for, but I know MECC made a lot of those classic games
like Oregon Trail and Number Munchers and all those games and Rocky's Boots, I believe.
So I wonder if that was another one of their titles.
Sounds familiar.
Last email.
It's called Email Plus One.
In case you don't have any emails tonight, here's one for you.
Smile.
Cheers.
Andy R.
That's it?
That's it?
Yeah.
Cheers.
Here you go.
Well, thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you for just leaving a safety net in there just in case.
Luckily, we had a couple other emails in there to fill out the sack, but...
Very kind of you.
Very kind.
Yes.
Cheers.
You know what?
I love that.
Just getting an email.
Just wanted to say hey.
I just want to get an email that goes,
sup bitches.
And then I'll know you.
You do know that grandpa stole that and he uses that on Hoard House every week now.
Really?
Yeah.
He stole my sup bitches?
You should charge him a quarter.
You just have me on the show.
We can.
We should have you on the show.
I mean, Becky.
We just had a sill residency on Hoard House.
She did two weeks.
She did because she's been on vacation.
So she did two weeks on Hoard House and she was fabulous.
I mean, I mean, this, his Star Trek thing.
Oh, you want to go on a Star Trek show?
Because Becky and I have been like talking DS9 like over the past three weeks.
Oh, well, grandpa make it so.
Engage.
I wonder if he's still listening.
I don't know.
It was in chat earlier, but, uh, he might've left to go poop or something.
I don't know.
That's what he does.
All right.
Actually, we have things we need to work on, Rob.
Yeah.
All right.
We've sort of been throwing around.
Like poop on a doorstep.
That's it for the mailbag tonight, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Participate at orange lounge radio.com.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
Um, FU goes to my muse for being, uh, rabid and making me want to work on my story all
the time.
But at the same time, thank you to all of the people who have given me valuable feedback
and make me feel like a rock star.
So thanks.
Uh, just FU, I guess, to lack of sleep I've been giving myself for the last two months.
Hopefully I'll catch up on sleep or maybe not.
Uh, my view of the week goes to my back cause it's been randomly hurting and you know what
I blame?
I think, I think I just need a new bed because I've had that bed since it's been a while.
The bed I have, I've had probably since like seven or eight years.
So I'm ready for a new bed.
Talk to me.
I have, um, Dan and I, when we bought ours, we did things a really smart way and I will
share it with you.
Okay.
Sounds good.
That's something we're in the market for soonish.
I think we, Alan and I talked about it anyway.
Cause uh, I will say a thank you.
As of this month, that brand new washer and dryer that we have out there in the garage,
those brand new front loaders paid off.
I own them.
Thumb.
Exactly.
Responsibility.
Congratulations.
You own a washer.
You're an adult.
I should get a star.
And here's your dryer and your washer and here's a fridge.
Happy adulthood.
Oh man.
Go on The Price is Right and win some new ones.
All right.
Uh, let's get to just a couple more stories for you guys.
And then we're going to get to the Skype line at one eight seven seven game OLR or our username
on Skype, orange lounge radio.
That's all one word, orange lounge radio, but first Loki.
So you may hear the words, I'm not dead yet.
And in reference to, um, the last guardian, but a lot of people still don't believe that.
But Sony is once again, confirm me that yes, even though we just failed to, we've abandoned
the trademark for the last guardian.
It's still in development.
We promise.
Swear it's still being made.
It's just the makers of the guardian legend sued us for trademark infringement.
So we had to abandon that trademark.
What if the game were to come back with a new name?
It might.
I mean, that's like something that I don't think anybody asked, like why?
Maybe somebody did, but I just didn't see it on Twitter or anything.
Like what if it's as simple as the game just has a new name for whatever creative reason?
Shadow of the Colossus 2.
It's, it's been in development this long.
Are you really going to care if they change the name into something else, you know, to
match the vision?
It would be pretty bad-ass if it was Shadow of the Colossus 2, where he rides around on
that other, you know, giant, you know, dog, dragon, griffin, whatever the fuck that thing
is, and like fights other.
I just would like to know, like, what's the fucking status?
That's all I wanted.
What's the fucking status of that game?
And if it's not Shadow of the Colossus 2, can I just get a Shadow of the Colossus 2?
Because I would be down with that as well, because imagine how big the Colossus, you
know, they could be so much bigger, and it'd be so much more epic.
And imagine taking down, you know, them with a group of people.
But then again, we're starting to get into Monster Hunter territory at that point.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, the Last Guardian broke your heart, just like I said it would,
or just as I said it would.
The Last Guardian is really Frog Fractions 2.
I'm okay with that.
I, I'm totally okay with that.
I'm also, I see it also be okay.
What fucking happened to Frog Fractions 2?
Wasn't there like a giant Kickstarter?
No one's found it yet.
Doesn't, didn't he have to share it with Kickstarter backers or something?
Wasn't that part of the thing?
No, he hasn't.
It's just that no one's found it yet.
If you just say Frog Fractions on Twitter, the creator will like favorite your tweet.
Like I found this out, like every time I've said something about Frog Fractions, like
the creator favorites the tweet.
Like, you know, he's running tweet deck and he has like a Frog Fractions column or something
that every time somebody mentions that game.
So I just, I would, I, I hope it shows up soon.
I'll start mentioning it every day now.
No, but, uh, I would like to know what happened to Frog Fractions 2.
Maybe that could be the order 1886.
All of a sudden, you know, like 30 days in, we're going to get some frogs appearing.
It isn't just five hours long.
It's Frog Fractions.
Uh, Sega is clarifying in chat that no, only when the gig is up, apparently is, is the
thing is where the, the Kickstarter backers get it on that.
All right.
Anyhow, last but not least tonight, one more story for you guys.
And, um, I had to pick this one because what better note to end on tonight than something
completely self-referential.
After all, last week was President's Day.
After all, President's Day was on a Monday and you got to love games journalism sites.
God bless them.
They'll find anything remotely related to a video game to run a story and get some clicks.
But I am totally okay with this one because Destructoid ran an article on President's
Day called We Salute You, President Cat.
And it actually said, Sukiban Shacharina, also known as President Cat, was one of those games
destined to never leave Japan despite our pleas.
Back in 2009, Western fans petitioned for a localization.
Who could that be?
But this mini game collection about a CEO cat was perhaps ahead of its time.
It sold miserably.
No matter, our love for Rina is unwavering.
Just look at that face.
That was a whole article right there.
Poor Rina.
Sorry I just read the whole damn thing on air, but, you know, props to Destructoid.
Go give him a click for running that article because that just made me giggle because I
thought back to when we did that.
President Cat is not the literal translation of that name, right?
Sukiban is like a female delinquent.
Shacho is like a corporate leader, if I remember correctly, like a president of a company or
CEO.
So you have basically delinquent bitch in charge.
Rina.
And I don't think HBIC cat has that same ring to it.
The head bitch cat.
Although, I kind of like that now.
It's a different year.
2015, the atmosphere is different.
An unspayed female cat is called a queen.
So anyway, the point is, I'm loving it.
Essentially, Dark Soccer, you said, and you were the one who was like, so it's like President
Cat.
And then we all took the ball and ran with it.
We're like, President Cat, yes.
Vote President Cat.
Who wouldn't fucking play a game called President Cat?
And now, like, the accepted Western name of this game is President Cat.
Everyone, you're welcome.
I wonder if someone were to put out a game similar to that called President Cat if they
could be sued by that company.
Well, I think that company went under.
You know what, President Cat Bankrupt Company, we need to talk to you and Bobby and a few
people.
And Steve, get Steve back.
And we'll get Steve back.
Well, I still need a CEO for my game.
And it was going to be a dog CEO, but I can be swayed.
Akuma JP in chat says, but the game was horrible.
Now, wait a minute, because even if the game only sold 100 copies, which, by the way, I
want to see the receipts, because that story was ran on some website.
But where was the receipts to prove that?
Because I have a copy.
Considering we got people here in the States to import that game.
Loki bought that game.
Like, was OLR really responsible for, like, 10% of the sales of this game?
Because I kind of don't think that's the case.
Like, I'm not that stuck on myself with this program that I think we had that big of an
impact.
See, I think that we should do our own President Cat and have it just full of OLR in jokes
and just crazy shit.
But we would be remiss if we didn't have a nod to one of the greatest Sukeban characters
ever who used to beat people up with yo-yos.
But the point was, just to remind everybody, the game wasn't that bad.
It was a little silly, but you played a cat in minigames.
Like, the Incredible Crisis.
It was like an Incredible Crisis, but with a cat.
And it was funny.
And we played it, because Loki imported it, and we had a region-free Wii, and we checked
that out, and it was fun.
I need to region mod my Wii so I can play that game.
Yeah, it was a lot of fun.
And remember, the whole point behind that was, they were putting shit out on shelves.
You know, Barbie's jewel-collecting adventures, and shitty Flash game adapted for Wii Part
2 types of things.
There was so much shovelware on the Wii, I think the point behind that whole rant in
the first place was, why can't we get an awesome concept like this, with all this poo-poo
crap-crap that's out on the Wii, that in 2009, there was a lot of crap.
You can't tell me if that game came over here, that people wouldn't eat that up.
Because, people love cats.
People love cats doing anything, especially if it came out around the time, was it, that
was 2009, why couldn't, you know.
At least Destructoid's on our side, because that's not the first time they ran a President
Cat story.
I think they ran a President Cat story when it first happened, and I want to say President
Cat came up again on their site, when they were talking about, because like, remember
how-
It was Wii games that were kicked off, you know.
It was Operation Rainfall, what should they focus on next, type of thing, because you
know, everything that was on their wish list, they got, right?
Was Xenoblade, and not Last Guardian, you didn't get that last story, and Pandora's
Tower or whatever, so they got all those games, I think there was an article like, what should
they do now, and President Cat was one of those games.
So, anyway.
Just wanted to throw that out there.
Good times.
Let's do it, let's open the Skype line.
1877 Game OLR, our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't be shy, if you want to get in, call now, because we're not going to have the opportunity
open very long, since it's already midnight on the East Coast, 9 o'clock here on the West
Coast, but we've had a good long show tonight.
I will go around the room and check if there's any last minute stories while we wait to see
if Skype lights up at all.
Loki?
Nope.
No last minute stories?
I don't have any unfortunately, and I was looking too, I was trying to find something.
We're trying?
Alright, that's okay, because we do have a call coming in, so let's get to our calls
tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio, who's this?
Hey, this is Akdeft.
Hey, Akdeft, what's on your mind, buddy?
Well, I have a lot of stuff on my mind, like President Cat.
Remember when Joystiq ran the article, too?
I do.
Wasn't that your fault?
Yeah.
Yeah, you emailed them the tip or something, right?
Yeah, I think I emailed them an article you wrote on the old OLR page.
Oh yeah, back when I actually had articles on that site.
Yeah, yeah.
Because I seem to recall our tweets, I mean, this is again, this is like six years ago
at this point, believe it or not, our tweets to the company were getting read, and they
started, they basically were doing the very Japanese humble equivalent of, what the fuck
is happening right now, type of thing on their Twitter.
And so I remember writing an article at Orange Lounge Radio about like, here's what's going
on and why we're all trying to get President Cat.
And they took our hashtag.
Yeah, they took our hashtag.
They called it President Cat.
So that was, I loved it.
I loved it.
So yeah, and then you went to Joystiq with that, and then I'm sure a ton of other sites
kind of copy paste from there.
In the 13 year history of this show, that's like the one thing that went viral.
Yeah.
That and something that got us a cease and desist from Namco, but we won't go there.
Oh, well, anyways, I wanted to talk about another thing coming up soon in a few weeks.
That I'm going to Mexico City, to what it's called the Distrito Pedal here, to the Zelda
Symphony of the Goddess concert.
Nice.
And I'm pretty excited about it.
Last year, they, well, not last year, like two years ago, but it wasn't, I think December,
so more or less.
Friends from over there from Mexico City went and they talk really good stuff about it.
And they pretty much told me, you have to come, you have to go and see the concert.
You have to listen and you have to pretty much live the experience.
So yeah, eventually I did promise them that if Zelda of the Goddess concert would return
to Mexico, I would go.
And yeah, the return, it's going to be in Monterrey also.
And in Mexico City, I'm going to, again, the Mexico City concert.
And yeah, again, I'm pretty excited to just go there and hear all the songs and pretty
much live the, sorry, live the experience.
I'm really excited for you.
I wish I was able to go see, it's going to be in San Jose, or I think I might have just
missed it.
Like it was just here and I wanted to go see it, but just, you know, there's so much other
stuff going on.
I don't always get out to everything.
So, but I'm excited to hear that you're going and to get a little wrap up here on the show
afterwards.
Yeah, definitely.
When, well, when I go to the concert, I will eventually, well, talk to you guys and probably
write an article for the Vlog Network.
Yeah.
It'd be awesome.
The return to, I love that song, hopefully.
Love it.
Hey, I got to ask while you're on the line, the Wii U had kind of a big release this week.
Surely you have something to say about it?
More or less, yeah.
Yeah, of course, if you know me and have listened to the show for many years, you know, I love
Kirby and yeah, I did get Kirby and the Rainbow Course.
And how is it?
It's not, well, I don't know how I can put it.
It's good.
Definitely.
It's good.
If you like Kirby, you'll love this.
If you like Canvas Course, you'll definitely love this also.
But I don't know how to put it yet because I have only played the first world.
Well, basically the first three levels and a boss.
So the game, I don't know if I can compare it to Canvas Course, but it's definitely the
same mechanic.
But it feels completely different.
Also, it's really weird.
I'm definitely loving it.
And I pretty much, yes, playing this on multiplayer.
multiplayer makes the experience way better.
Interesting that you hesitated there a little bit, though, because a lot of people on Twitter
are really eating this game up.
So I was really surprised.
I would have thought you'd be falling right in line with that.
But maybe you just have to give it a little more.
And you said you only played the first world.
So maybe it'll start to really hook you a little later on.
Yeah, I've been busy with other stuff and work.
And I haven't been able to play a lot of games.
I have my Doris Mask still wrapped in Spox and Monster Hunter 2.
I know how it goes.
I know how it goes.
So yeah, I barely made some time to play Kirby.
But again, it's good.
For the $40 you pay for the game, it's definitely great.
It's definitely something anyone should check out, at least.
But again, if you're looking for something like Canvas Course, it's kind of like that,
but not exactly like that.
So again, it's weird.
But yeah.
All right.
Well, I'm gonna let you go so we can get some more calls.
But thanks for the call.
Hey, thanks for having me.
And hope you have more time to play Kirby this week.
I'll try.
All right, take care, buddy.
Thanks.
All right, 1877 game OLR or username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
But the phone is lighting right back up.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
This is SkyJudo.
Hey, SkyJudo.
How you doing this week?
I'm all right, man.
How are you?
Not too bad.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
I just want to address what you were talking about earlier with the
why did people buy the new 3DS.
Sure.
I'm one of those people that got 3DS day one.
And the main reason why I got it is just for the simple fact of the upgrade.
It's an improved version over the last 3DS.
Me, I was one of the people that didn't really see much of a problem with the original 3DS.
Like, I didn't experience the 3D issues or any other type of stuff.
The only thing I noticed about the original 3DS was how slow some of the games started
to become later on when I got into Mario Golf and the new Smash Brothers.
I noticed those games took a really long time to load up.
Does the new 3DS really speed that up?
Yeah, well, some things that were laggy with the original are still laggy with the new
one, like Pokemon.
One of the issues that people have with Pokemon is when you did 3D battles, the game would
lag, and that's still there.
I don't know why that couldn't get cleaned up, but Smash Brothers loads pretty fast.
Mario Golf is super fast now.
You can get through tournaments and read your stats and all that stuff without waiting almost
two minutes just to get through the damn game.
I don't know.
Those are probably the only games that I tried out.
Interesting.
I actually didn't realize that the new 3DS, I mean, I knew that the chipset and everything
in there was more powerful.
Like, I knew that.
But my, I guess, assumption was that no game was really utilizing that yet.
And that was part of my hesitation, Kajudo, is that I'm sitting here going, well, there's
nothing out in America yet that you have to have the new chipset for.
So, and like Loki said, by the time they release Xenoblade here, they'll probably have a Xenoblade
3DS that'll sell out in five minutes, right?
So I'll wait for something like that since I'm not, like, I already have a Zelda 3DS
and me personally, I prefer that Triforce design way more to Majora's Mask.
But that's also because I'm more of a classic Zelda fan than I ever was in Majora's Mask,
although I want to give this new one a try.
But I digress.
I did not realize that it would have that big of an impact on the older games.
I think also people coming at it, it's almost like if you're getting a new system with the,
it's going to sound silly to say, but it's like you get a new system with the added buttons.
You have the new, whatever the hell that is, RZ, LZ, whatever the hell they're going to do later.
I mean, they have some functionality with the new, with the Smash Brothers game.
It's not that big of a deal, but you can use that button with Smash Brothers.
That's to set up your Amiibo.
And don't forget about the little nipple rubbing button on the side.
What do you think of that nipple?
That thing's a nipple, man.
It's a freaking nipple.
What do you think of the nipple on the 3DS?
It's so weird to make a YouTube video and hold my 3DS up to like my chest and just start rubbing.
Yeah.
Parvert.
Yeah.
Parvert.
That's what it is though.
Say how much I love my new 3DS.
But yeah, that's all that is.
But I mean, it works great.
And I mean, I'm not, I don't know what other games use it other than Monster Hunter,
but I play Monster Hunter.
Final Fantasy.
Final Fantasy Explorers use that.
And I only know that because Shane let me play his Japanese one and he had that.
But I'm assuming that game has to come out here.
I mean, it's Final Fantasy and Manhunt is well enough here.
So I just, I would assume that game has to come out here, but maybe it won't.
I don't know.
I'm waiting for E3.
But I'm wondering if the, I know it didn't sell well, but I think the Resident Evil
game uses it too.
I know they had a few like shooter type games or something that will use that nipple control.
But like I said, I played Monster Hunter, so that was another reason.
I never wanted to invest in that, whatever that thing was.
What was that stick thing they were talking about?
No, it was like the little extra.
Yeah, it took batteries, right?
That was like the main reason why I didn't want it was because I was like, wait a minute,
this thing takes AA batteries?
You got to put AA batteries in this thing?
Yeah, yeah.
And that's why I never bothered with it.
So yeah.
But yeah, so I mean, it's like I said, it's a big upgrade.
And plus, I think a lot of people were on the fence and buying the 3DS, you know, because
they were hearing, you know, that the 3D is not really that great.
And for some people, you know, they were saying it was like a disappointment.
So I think some people were on the fence and after those people heard the improvements,
they actually went out and bought it as well.
Because I mean, it was selling out everywhere.
I was surprised that I got one.
Actually, I had to go to Best Buy and get it that way because GameStop was completely
sold out.
That 3D, that 3D enhancement with the head tracking really does work really well, though.
I mean, that I mean, I'll give the system that.
For me, though, I just was like, I'm not going to drop that kind of money just for that.
That's what I saw as the biggest improvement.
And I was like, I don't really use 3D enough or rely on it enough to really do that.
But yeah, I mean, that gives me some things to think about.
I think ultimately, though, I mean, and I've said this in the very beginning, I'm going
to end up getting a new 3DS eventually, but I'm just waiting for that must have game that's
probably being announced at E3 this year.
Yeah, I'm just going to tell you before I hang up, one of the things that made me realize
how good the 3D is, and the 3D is not the biggest draw of this thing.
I don't want people thinking at all, if you're not in the 3D, then don't bother with the
system.
I mean, it goes beyond the 3D.
The 3D is not the biggest deal, but I just wanted to mention the 3D because I was playing
Smash Brothers, and I can't remember what the level was.
I'm playing one of these cartoon looking levels, and I'm starting swatting in front of my face
because I'm thinking there's flies flying in front of me like a little bug.
And that's actually coming off of something moving around in the game in the 3D.
That's how good the 3D was.
And I'm just like, wait a minute, that's not a bug.
That's actually in the game.
I thought it was like a little gnat or something flying around my screen.
I'm like, what the hell is that?
I mean, it literally pops up at you.
I think if you follow Adam Sessler a lot, when the 3DS first came out, they remember
how everyone was like, oh, this thing must have been made with angel blood or something
they were saying about it because it was so crisp and everything.
Yeah, I remember seeing it.
And then when it came out, Adam Sessler was saying, wait a minute, that's not the system
that we saw, that they showed us in the demo.
That's not the system.
I wonder if he saw the new 3DS and if he would say that this is closer to what they originally
saw because he went out and said, that's not the 3DS that we saw.
The one that they're selling in retail is not the 3DS that we saw.
I also remember that particular, I was there at E3 that year they first showed the 3DS.
And I remember just kind of being in awe when they actually were showing it to us.
And it was like, oh my God, it really does work.
The 3D on this thing really works.
Kind of seeing it for the first time was really kind of inspiring.
But yeah, I don't know.
Maybe they had a different tracking system there or whatever.
But I don't remember being really disappointed by the first 3DS model or whatever.
I was just more blown away by it's 3D without glasses.
And it was the first time we were really seeing that in mass.
Anyway, Kajuda, I got to let you go so we can try to squeeze in some more calls.
But I will leave you with this comment.
Bonds006 in our chat room over at live.vognore.com says they gave us a condom for the Wii and
now a nipple for the new 3DS.
There you go.
All right.
Have a good one, my friend.
You too.
All right.
Bye.
1877 game OLR username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
I can probably squeeze in one more call here, although we are running a little late.
And I know some of us have to work Monday morning as do some of you.
So I can't let things go on too much longer.
But I will try to squeeze in one more call if somebody wants to try and get in there.
I know it was lighting up.
We might have a few more.
Oh, there we go.
It's lighting up.
You got to wait for that delay sometimes.
Just a little bit of a delay.
Hi, Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey.
Hey, it's Ronva.
Hey, buddy.
How you doing?
Not much.
Just chilling, relaxing.
You know how I do.
Yeah, that's good.
You've been watching the Oscars on the other television or something?
Actually, no.
Come on.
When OLR is on, my TV is off.
I respect that.
I do.
I see, obviously, it's inevitable.
Whenever we go up against something big, people are talking about it in chat and even on Twitter.
I'm trying to look at Twitter like, oh, what's going on in gaming?
But everybody's talking about the Oscars.
Apparently, I'm hearing however you might feel about Lady Gaga.
Apparently, she did some type of tribute to the Sound of Music on the Oscars, and they're
saying she killed it.
Some are saying they got goosebumps on how good it was.
As somebody who actually...
I don't mind her music at all.
I think she's a great, great pop artist.
The Sound of Music will be very strange.
Well, I'm dying to hear it.
Well, a friend of mine did take voice acting and singing lessons with her in a class years
ago.
Right now, on my Facebook, more people are talking more about how the Lego movie got
snubbed and the live performance of Everything is Awesome was phenomenal.
That's what I keep seeing.
Oh, that's cool.
We're taking Sarah actually there?
Oprah got a Lego Oscar.
I want one.
How was...
I want to know how new a Patrick Harris was.
Like, I don't usually...
You know, there's part of me that kind of doesn't really care about the Oscars, especially
when I haven't seen a one.
I don't think I've seen a single one of the nominated movies this year.
Was Interstellar nominated?
I have no idea.
See, that's where I'm at.
I'm like, if Interstellar was nominated, then I saw that one.
And if it wasn't nominated, I'm kind of surprised that it wasn't.
But anyway, I just think that's just how out of it I am these days.
Anyway.
So Rob, tell me, did you get The Cross of St. Olaf?
I saved my three Hail Betty Whites for missing the Oscars tonight.
Or I'm gonna lose my card.
Something like that.
Yeah, yes, I'm prepared.
Hail Betty White.
Hail Betty White.
Okay, two more things I want to touch on.
I'm gonna get the heck up on out of here.
Now, you talked about President Cat.
Now, I was one of those that shared this on social media back then.
And one of my friends, he ran the game room for Zenkai Con.
And he told me he got a copy of the game for the game room.
And I went to check the game from time to time.
Let's just say there were a lot of people waiting around to play this game.
Thank you.
Thank you.
See, and again, there's another copy that essentially OLR sold.
I mean, Rama sold it, but threw us, right?
No, no, no.
OLR sold it.
I just endorsed it.
So how did you tell me that that game only sold?
Did it sell 100 copies in America because of OLR?
I would maybe, although that's a lot.
I don't think we have 100 people that listen to this show.
But I would believe that maybe there's that.
But only 100 copies in Japan when we know all these people that I know bought them.
That's why I'm like, I want to see the receipts on this game.
That's great.
I'm so glad to hear that was a hit at anime cons.
In fact, I wish somebody would take it to more anime cons.
If there ever is, heaven forbid, a vogcon, like we need another fucking con.
But if there ever is a vogcon or whatever, then we'll have to have President Kat in the
game room.
Although, since pretty much we tell people, just go to Dragon Con because we're the most
vog host show up anyway, maybe we'll just have President Kat up in the hotel room.
I don't know.
Fair enough.
And you were talking about the Fugu question week about multiplayer in the arcade.
Now, it wasn't in the arcade.
This was at home.
Years ago, I lived with some friends and my friend's older brother used to work the night
shift at this ice rink.
So he started taking the N64 down because there's nothing else to do on night shift,
you know?
So everything's already locked down.
So I got wind of them, they were playing Conqueror's Bash Fur Day.
I'm like, what?
Is everyone taking turns playing?
I'm like, oh, wait.
Multiplayer.
So we had a tradition of going down to the ice rink two, three times a week.
We would sit there around N64, 20 inch big screen at night, and just sit there and just
multiplayer the hell out of each other on every level.
Now, it would be me and my friend's oldest brother.
We were pretentious assholes for sniping.
So we would snipe everyone and then eventually, whatever levels it is where you could just
snipe, we would just find a bunker and just sit there and just try to snipe each other
from either side of the stage, not paying attention to his two other brothers trying
to kill us and each other.
We'd sit there talking like we're old buddies in Vietnam and stuff like that.
It was just ridiculous, but it was just a fun and just amazing.
You have the best stories.
I always think I have good memories.
Then it's some fricking con.
You create more memories.
I hope you keep a book.
Look, Rob, let me tell you something.
You mentioned earlier that your memory is bad.
My memory is bad, too.
At least you have somebody to remind you.
I have someone who reminds me I have a bad memory and not telling me what I need to remember.
I am lucky.
Well, I do have Jamie for that, but I am lucky to have Alan.
What can I say?
All right.
Oh, sappy, sappy, gross.
All right.
Anyway, I'm going to go ahead and let you go.
OK, my friend?
All right.
Take care, bro.
Take care.
I'm going to miss you at PAX East.
Well, we'll see.
All right.
Take care.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
Ramo will find a way, even though all those tickets are long gone.
He'll find a way.
He'll be like, there's some forum.
I knew a guy who knew a guy had PAX East tickets.
All right.
That is going to do it for Skype calls tonight.
I'm so sorry, but just due to time, we are running really long this week.
Having Steve here took up a little bit of a chunk of time in the beginning of the show,
although we love talking to him and wish Flom the best of success.
But that is it for the main part of the show tonight.
It's time to wrap things up.
I want to thank everybody for tuning in and listening to another episode of OLR.
Your support means so much, you guys.
The fact that many of you here live would choose to listen to us over the Oscars,
that really does mean an awful lot.
And even if you did end up watching the Oscars this week and you just happen to be listening
to us on the podcast feed, hey, you made it through a nearly three and a half hour show
while you were at work on your commute or what have you.
And I thank you for spending time during your week with us.
And we want to hear from more of you.
So please tweet at us at OLR.
Send us a Facebook message on Facebook or whatever people do.
Send us a Snapchat.
Just keep it clean.
No, tweet at us.
Email us.
Participate at orangeontrady.com or post on our forums.
Just let us know you're out there.
Even if you're like the guy who emailed us tonight that was like, hey, I just want to say hey.
What's up?
What's up?
And now my response will be not much ASL.
All right, let's go around and get everybody's final thought tonight,
because it is time to wrap up the show and get on out of here.
If you did enjoy Orange on Trady though, please remember, tell a friend or five about the show.
Spread the word.
It is the show where every gamer has a voice,
but we can't spread those voices if they're not out there to share them.
So please bring more awesome people into this little family we have here at VOG Network and OLR.
We will be back in seven days time Sunday to do all over again,
but then that show's got to last for two weeks because we will be off for PAX East.
But again, if you are going to be in Boston, A, protect me from the snow.
B, please introduce yourself and come say hello.
I can't wait to meet people over at PAX East.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought for the night.
Loki, you look ready to go.
What's on your mind for your final thought tonight?
I gotta work more on my game.
I can't wait to play it.
And apparently someone doesn't like my music.
Don't read the comments.
Don't read the comments.
What'd you post to YouTube about it?
Oh, I've posted several YouTubes about the game, but the music is trash.
I'm like, it's kind of that way.
Don't read comments.
Well, no, no, no, no, no.
The thing is, it's on purpose.
It's on purpose.
Like a lot of the whole point of that song is supposed to be kind of-
The artist's vision.
It's supposed to be kind of annoying because it's all the things that are wrong with games.
But at the same time, I really do like that song.
And it's free.
That's really the main reason why it's in the game because it's free.
My final thought tonight is I want to thank Steve for being here tonight.
And even though he had to leave early, I understand.
And I want to just thank all you guys again for listening and being a part of the show.
You guys make my Sunday nights.
And I was talking to somebody again over the weekend about giving up your Sunday nights
every single week.
And I don't know if I really see it as giving it up.
It's just, this is how we all get to hang once a week.
We get up.
We get up to get down.
That's my final thought.
Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight.
I'm going to have pie and none of you can stop me.
I want pie.
No, you have to go get Alan.
You do have to go get Alan.
Maybe I can convince-
So I said I brought you taquitos.
You did bring me taquitos.
Maybe I can convince Alan to go get pie.
I offered lucky food.
Well, I had just eaten like a bunch of pizzas.
And then later I got hungry, so I had Chinese.
Akuma JP wants to see your work, Loki.
You got to put that in her chat room.
Well, just if you go to YouTube, Loki OLR is my username on there.
Or you just go look at my Twitter.
I post videos on it.
I don't have like a-
I was gonna-
I had a video that I was set to upload Saturday, but it just didn't happen because it's too
high quality apparently for YouTube.
It couldn't encode it.
So I'm gonna record it this time as an MP4 instead of an uncompressed-
This is me sitting here who's been owed those great, great creators their proper
playthrough videos for like a month now.
So I can't-
And I even tried using the software to convert it to a format that YouTube could use, but
the framerate just wasn't good enough for me.
So I'm gonna do it again.
It's fine because I gotta add some stuff to the game anyways.
It continues.
Anyway, we're out of here for the night.
We got to get pie.
Man, I want pie.
That's the thought I'm leaving you with tonight.
Pie.
It's delicious.
Good night everybody.
We'll see you in seven days.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
See you next time.
