Orange Lounge Radio
Riverhosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, February 10th, 2013, a Wii U exclusive game is pushed back to go multi-platform.
Controversial rumors surround the next Xbox.
And could J.J. Abrams make a Portal movie after Star Wars?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio back on this February 10th for our 492nd episode after a week off last week.
I'll tell you why and give you all our sorry excuses in a minute.
But first, say hello to the well-rested and ready to go back for another week of OLR,
my co-hosts DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
And I'm unemployed.
And you're unemployed. Funemployed is the preferred term.
Oh no. Not really having a lot of fun because I had what also caused the show to...
Yes. And if I didn't say it, my name is Rob Roberts. I can't remember if I introduced myself or not.
No you're not.
So, yes I am. How dare you question me?
Anyway, there is no question that we are also joined every week by the one and only...
Who wants to die for art?
Who wants to die for art? Oh, Loki. Techmaster Loki definitely doesn't want to die for art.
No I don't.
But he almost did over this weekend.
I didn't almost die.
And he's dying for that pizza he's eating right now.
Well, see that's the thing is my stomach hasn't stretched out I guess.
It only takes like a day for it to go back I guess.
And so I even got a small and I'm only able to eat half of it right now.
That's good.
Yeah, that's portion control right? Even though you want to eat the whole thing.
Yep.
It's alright I've already done my part. You know, sickness. Drop five pounds.
Speaking of sickness, it's a big part of the reason why we weren't here last week.
I actually got really sick. I was out of work on a Friday and a Monday.
And no I was not just trying to extend my weekend. I actually had the worst of it on Saturday and Sunday.
It's just the head cold from hell. I don't know what else to say about it.
Might have been a flu or something.
So I obviously didn't want these two coming over and getting sick.
Except I already had it.
Yeah I think you were sick anyway.
I was actually sick for about seven days.
I was like yeah I'll just come over anyway.
Yeah I know. Loki was like god dammit I'll come over. I'll just do the show by myself.
And we gotta talk about the news that's going on. It's such a busy week in gaming.
I'm like I know. I know it sucks to lose this week but let it go Loki.
So finally let it go.
And last week was also this little football game. A lot of people seem to care about what's going on.
And I know our local sports ball team lost which made a lot of people really unhappy.
I wore my team colors that day.
Did you?
I wore my N7 shirt.
And hid in the back room playing Mass Effect 2.
Here's a question for you.
Would you play a football game on Xbox if it was Turians vs. Humans vs. Corians or whatever?
I sincerely doubt that's ever going to happen. Yeah I would play it.
Really it's not going to happen in a company that owns both of those franchises?
That's right.
I really don't think it's going to happen.
Dark Sakura presents Turian Ball actually.
No.
Turian Balls might be a whole different type of game that Dark Sakura would want to present.
But anyway let's get into that face though. I wish this were a video show. It's not. It's Orange Laundromat Radio.
I was picturing it but all of my favorite fan artists have other plans.
How many X-rated Mass Effect fan art sites have you looked up in your time Dark Sakura?
Technically only one.
Oh.
But there's a few tumblers that I follow.
Oh I see. I see.
But if you don't go to their main page then it doesn't count.
Because it's just they got reblogged and there's nothing you can do about it right?
Oh well. Oops.
No.
Alright.
Before we get into how was our gaming weeks. You know one of the big things that did come up the week that we were off.
Loki I don't know if you heard about that one. I'm sure you did.
Sony kind of came out of nowhere and announced that they were going to.
They did an announcement of an announcement.
And you know how much do we hate this shit in the gaming industry.
But it's a little different this time.
Technically it's an announcement of a conference.
Well okay. But we let Sony slide a little bit because all the rumor and all the buzz is that this big thing they're going to be doing on February 20th is the big unveil of the PlayStation 4.
Because if it's not it's going to be very disappointing.
Right? It's kind of like they have to.
It's like hey we got PlayStation Home. I don't fucking care.
Well it's funny because when that was all unfolding I was at work and I was like on one of my 15 minute breaks at work like trying to furiously catch up on Twitter and I saw what some of the other indie podcasters I follow were saying on it and like OMG PlayStation 4.
And I said why are we getting off. What if this isn't like a PlayStation Vita conference like a Nintendo Direct style. Here's the upcoming Vita games.
Like why are we all so quick.
Why are we all so quick to assume it's PlayStation 4.
But then what ended up Forbes or Wall Street Journal or one of those more financial magazines or excuse me newspapers went with a rumor which they don't typically tend to do unless they really put a lot of stock in it that yes it's going to be PlayStation 4.
And you know I I've said on Orange Lawn Radio I don't believe that Sony is under any obligation to put PlayStation 4 out this year.
We've talked you know we talked at the end of last year about what might be the big shocker next year and I even kind of said that PlayStation 4 might not happen this year.
But you know I'm OK being wrong. It happens. Oh my God games analysts sometimes don't know that yet.
I mean it's true. But come on you're right. Sony has even if it's Vita Vita Vita Vita and then little tiny teaser about PlayStation 4.
They will have said something about PlayStation 4 which they have to do at this point. Right. No I think they have to.
Sony doesn't have to say what Sony doesn't want to say.
But the disappointment would be so huge now that everybody's hyped it up like if if it wasn't PlayStation 4 Sony would have already said stop getting your hopes up.
The fact that they haven't come out and made a very clear statement it's not PlayStation 4 would have troll says a lot troll.
I don't think it's a troll. Sony's not in a position to do something like that.
But now that you're looking you know going up to this February 20th conference it makes a lot of sense.
They're trying to get around the typical convention cycle of release your news to E3.
They purposely are doing this ahead of Microsoft a couple weeks after one of their execs even said we have no reason to show our cards before Microsoft which is a very interesting sort of turnaround.
It's also the week before destination PlayStation where they meet with all their retail partners and stuff like that.
So perhaps you know this is ahead of that and game developers conferences in March too right.
So you know they might they might have some things to say or show about that because certainly you've got to have the third party support and get the other developers on board pretty early as another company is learning the hard way this week.
We'll get into that later.
It's very interesting now because Sony will be the talk of everything between February and whenever Microsoft finally announces whatever they're doing which could be E3 at this point.
Although why not announce it a little earlier. It won't be because that's not how they did the 360.
That's true it's not how they did the 360.
I don't know I just have another thought about Sony keeping quiet for the sake of raising that speculation and gathering interest.
Because I mean that even if they don't mention anything more than like a little teeny thing about the PS4 they're building all the suspense and getting people interested in what they're going to say.
Oh yeah it's definitely it's definitely the hype machine is in full force now and that's you know what 2013 is going to be is it's going to be the year of the as somebody called it this week Gen 4 consoles.
I think Sony themselves called it Gen Gen 4 consoles in an unrelated discussion.
So what's the Nintendo minus five.
I know right. It's like oh I see the console generations didn't start till Sony got to the table.
I think it's in reality what we're getting into the ninth generation.
I know that the Magnavox it was the Odyssey the Fairchild were considered Gen 1.
Atari was Gen 2.
So because yeah the Odyssey the Magnavox Odyssey came out in 79 and the Fairchild Channel F I think came out right around the same time or right before that maybe.
And then there were the eighth generation Texas Instruments systems came out in 81 so did the 2600.
Well all this numerology aside and you know whoever gets to come out there with their big wand and say I dub this the eighth generation of games.
This is definitely all about you know this year is going to be about what's next.
And for this for the second or third time in this show's history talking about next gen gaming.
So it's going to be a very exciting year.
One of the thing though I think and I wanted to touch on this is I find it very interesting that Sony is kind of going to the Web.
They're taking their case to the Internet.
I find it a move very inspired in part by what Nintendo Direct is doing.
And you know Sony got a lot of shit the year they unveiled the PlayStation 3 and rightfully so.
That press conference was a hot mess.
I mean we made fun of it on this show for years and years.
Giant enemy crabs five hundred ninety nine U.S. dollars Ridge Racer Africa.
That was a no Africa was the next year was it.
Yeah I think you know I don't think it was.
Well whatever it was a fucking mess.
I mean it was a it was an awesome mess and we loved it as gamers but Sony doesn't want to make that same mistake twice.
So why not have a nice polished pre-edited presentation that they deliver directly to the Internet's which I also think is fascinating is that.
E3 is losing some of its relevance in that regard.
Now I'm I'm not out here saying E3 is dead.
Oh my God.
And you know E3 has its place.
It's important.
Yes but it's very interesting that E3 is not going to have the big reveals of either of these consoles although certainly some of the big game announcements and some of the specifications release dates prices.
A lot of that probably won't come out tell E3.
Don't expect you're going to know the release date and the price of this machine on February 20th.
Not going to happen.
I feel very confident in saying that because Sony does kind of want to size up what their competition is doing before they're ready to announce something like that.
And just the price of parts can can fluctuate that much in the time period between February and when this thing actually gets released.
So anything that you are looking forward to or not out of this particular event on the 20th because it's only 10 days away at this point.
No I'm not even really considering anything.
I just can't.
I don't know.
It'd be nice to see what they had planned for the Vita already.
You know as I mentioned on Twitter I got rid of mine.
So yes someone was interested in making an offer on it before someone put it on eBay.
Yeah I noticed that all came up.
That was in the two week break.
You sold your Vita during two week break.
Yeah.
So you know there there's really nothing coming out for the Vita and the PlayStation 3.
It's just not really not a whole lot of stuff that excites me about that.
So I don't know.
I mean it would be interesting to see what they have the offer what's going to be unique.
Once again it's going to have to be something that's like kind of this big wow factor thing.
That's that's really what did it for the Wii.
The Wii may not have been technologically superior but it was like hey look you're going to be able to play games a completely different way than you've ever played games before.
And that's why it took off.
Now that everybody kind of has the same type of thing it's I mean they tried it with the Wii U and it just didn't quite have the same.
No now you're going to be able to play games using this tablet and the TV.
Well you kind of people were used tablets is on new thing.
It's I don't know.
It didn't have the same splash.
I just really hope that this you know new console you know I think we've heard a lot about not necessarily this console may not be so much about the technological aspect of it but kind of the way it integrates itself.
The gaming you know a true entertainment box and that whole you know social gaming becoming more prevalent and Gaikai integration you know how is that going to be a factor and so forth.
One thing I really fear though is that I really fear all the execs sitting in the boardroom and we all know just about every bad decision made in gaming starting in a boardroom somewhere right.
And I'm really worried that everybody's just tapping into Facebook.
We've got to have a piece of Facebook gaming.
Facebook is gaming.
That's what people want.
People want Facebook and they want the mobile games and the OUYA and that that's what the people want.
And we've got to have like a one button integration that goes to Facebook and so forth and we've got to have games playable on Facebook that are on the PlayStation 3.
And I'm just like God I hope not because that really feels like a step backwards to me.
If we go all like Farmville on PlayStation 3 that can be one element of it.
But I really hope that's not the focus.
I don't think that they're going to do that because they've been kind of more you know core audience.
Once again you know in this the same thing what I've been reading all these you know oh there's rumors that the Xbox is not going to be able to play used games.
Oh there's rumors that the PlayStation 3 is not going to be able to play used games.
Well then you know I guess I'll just have to get an Xbox you know because the PlayStation doesn't you know it's not going to be able to play used games.
Hey no one's forcing to buy a new console.
No one is forcing.
In fact here's the thing is if people don't like it enough and they don't buy the console guess what they have to do something else.
Publishers will make games for the consoles that are actually selling and are out there if you know the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox whatever the next system is going to be called.
Flop or if they're just not selling well you're going to still be able to get awesome new games on the current platforms that you have now.
And then they'll have to come out and retool something until it's to what you like.
So that's the thing is no one's forcing you at gunpoint to buy a new console for the next generation.
So I don't understand why anybody should feel you know like that this is your own choice.
Just listen to what their options are and then make a decision.
Or hey trust me if you decide not to buy a new console there's plenty of games you know seven generations worth of games that you can go play.
Going to the chat room of course we always do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network.
We do tape live Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific 9 o'clock Eastern right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And a big thank you to all those of you that have turned up live tonight.
I know we have a lot of competition going on tonight with the silly Grammys on TV which I think are one of the worst of all the award shows.
But people still seem to want to watch it anyway so there's that.
Walking Dead is going on right now the premiere which you know okay at least I can understand that one a little more.
But that is why you have the DVR.
But anyway for whatever reason people it's a little thinner in chat tonight but we do appreciate those you guys that have turned out tonight to say hello.
And leave some of the comments at live.vognetwork.com.
WhatupG says Jack Trenton said that they didn't believe in not making a system where you couldn't play used games on.
I you know I know we're going to get into this a little more later in the show but I just don't think Sony or Microsoft for that matter is that stupid.
But I mean again every bad decision comes from a boardroom somewhere.
It's incredibly ballsy to try something like that.
I think that's a good way to put it. That would be a ballsy move.
That's basically saying hey you know buy sell trade retailers we don't need you.
And when they say buy sell trade retailers we mean GameStop and they need GameStop.
And that's just going back to what you said Loki.
It just encourages people not to buy it and so publishers are stuck making games for the systems we already have.
It's got to be everybody's on board or not. And even then if everybody's on board with it people will go elsewhere.
I mean at this point they're not the only companies making consoles.
I mean granted you know there's going to be you know the Ouya which is Android based and stuff and that may not be what you're looking for.
But it's open. It's more open than these consoles are.
So if they try to do something like that which they're not I just don't see it working out for them.
Act Deaf in our chat room and the PSP didn't catch up at all.
The Vita seems like it's going the way of the PSP or worse.
Is the Vita host at this point? Do you think Sony?
I mean I know you just sold yours this week so maybe I can already tell your perspective.
But has Sony written the Vita off? Is the Vita done for?
I don't think they've written it off but they sure didn't start off very well.
Because the problem was they outsourced a lot of their big games for the Vita.
Like the Resistance game which should have been one that should have been a system seller right there.
It's going to be an awesome first person shooter that will really shut off the Vita.
And it was terrible.
And then you have that same company for whatever reason also do Call of Duty.
Which you know Call of Duty should have been a system seller right there.
You have a portable first person shooter Call of Duty game that's going to be fucking awesome.
You're going to be able to take it on the road and have the console quality experience on the road.
And it sucks because you have the same company that made the really terrible first person shooter Resistance game do that.
And now you know they had even like Assassin's Creed 3 Liberation which was supposed to be alright.
But I don't think it was you know it's I don't know if it sold systems.
But now they're kind of you know the thing was now the next game that's supposed to be this.
Oh this is really going to define the system is Killzone.
Which that's cool that it's a first person shooter in Killzone.
But I just I'm not a big fan of the Killzone franchise.
So for me looking at the outlook of what's coming out for the Vita there just wasn't anything there for me.
That's why I got rid of it because I just had nothing I wanted to play on it.
What happened about what happened with things like Final Fantasy 10 remake?
Oh well that that's still way the hell down there.
And who cares it's a remake of Final Fantasy 10.
Well the whole HD part there's some parts about that that are relevant to my interests.
Whatever I mean I just I played 10 already.
I agree that you can't you know you can't support your system with nothing but remakes Nintendo.
But you know it's it's it helps.
It's just not I mean that's that's nice in addition to other things but it just wasn't what I was looking for.
And granted maybe I should have tried you know like Little Big you know Little Big Planet or something like that.
But I don't even touch Little Big Planet anymore on the PlayStation 3.
So I just didn't see myself buy another Little Big Planet game not to play.
And I tried PlayStation you know All-Stars Battle Royale and they just it wasn't my thing.
I mean I'm not even really a huge fan of Smash Brothers but at least Smash Brothers seemed like I don't know it was kind of more fun.
I guess I can identify not really identify the characters but you know the characters were a little bit more.
I don't know how to really put it.
It's just like I don't really have any I guess any attachments to any of these characters in the Sony game.
I guess it's like you know Jack and Daxter. Cool. I haven't really played any of those games or Sly Cooper.
You know I I don't really care about that series. There just wasn't a lot of stuff there.
Now if they announce Grand Theft Auto and it was coming out in March that'd be a whole different story.
I'd probably be still keeping that system or it just if they announce hey Grand Theft Auto is coming to the Vita.
Yeah I'd be still sticking on to that but it's just nothing that I really wanted for it was coming out.
And it was kind of the same problem with the 3DS because remember the 3DS was when they were talking about 3DS it was like hey Saints Row DJ Hero coming to the 3DS.
I was like fuck yes. That is that sold the system for me Saints Row on the go and and DJ Hero that'd be pretty awesome.
And then neither one came out so I was like ah fuck that.
Yeah that was disappointing.
But really overall what it is is it's just I don't have time for portable gaming anymore.
It's like I don't go anywhere. I don't need a portable system. So there's really no need for me to have this.
Some comments from chat. Tiger Claw says Sly Cooper is awesome and Act Def says Loki you should totally play Sly Cooper for real.
Well then cool I can pick it up on my PS3 but I'm not it once again it's just I didn't I don't need a portable system anymore.
It's what it is. I just don't need it because I don't I don't ever find myself like commuting.
Or something like that like on a train for a long distance time where I you know kill time.
I just don't have any of that so I'll stick to console gaming for now.
All right well we'll see what develops in the Sony front in about 10 more days.
Meanwhile let's talk about what we have been playing in gaming the past couple weeks while we've been gone.
What a little segment we call how is your gaming week. Dark Sakura how was your gaming week?
Busy actually. I played some Mass Effect 2 of course.
I actually don't think I logged into WoW at all which is weird.
And I started Dragon Age 2 which I really like the game.
I liked it when I played it before it just you know killed my hand to play on the Xbox.
So I'm playing it on PC and I'm having a really good time with it.
And we have had another addition to our gaming family.
Dan got a new driving wheel and has set up a three monitor rig which I think I put photos of before.
But he also found out that Borderlands 2 will work with it so it was funny watching him play three monitors.
Oh wow I didn't know Borderlands 2 did that set up that's awesome.
Yeah and what else was it that I was playing?
Oh yeah we got another Super Nintendo that came with a box of games and among them was Pocky and Rocky 2.
Which goes for oh unboxed a good 90 bucks on eBay.
It's a pretty rare Super Nintendo game.
It's got a whole batch for 50.
Where did you find all this?
Goodwill.
Oh really?
Yeah.
Wow.
You know what else I got at Goodwill?
An earring Magic Ken.
In the box.
That's awesome though.
For 10 bucks.
You found such a gaming motherlode I guess of sorts.
Since we've already got a bajillion other Super Nintendos we're gonna sell this one with a copy of Super Mario World.
We'll put it up on Craigslist and I'll share the link later.
Dan's also selling his old driving rig.
And I got a copy of Mega Man X out of it cause you got dupes so I can't complain.
Well we've got a bunch of other dupes too but Dan and I sat all that night that first night and played Jeopardy together.
Like the deluxe Jeopardy and he's like I don't know what area to pick now I know all this other stuff what about this?
I was like just pick the French Revolution.
And then I started answering all the questions in the French Revolution cause you know me I'm a stupid history nerd.
And he was like oh my god you knew all those.
I was like yeah you married a smart woman hi.
And like Wheel of Fortune we played Wheel of Fortune and Super Tech Mobile.
But the best Super Nintendo board game was Clue and I have it.
It was awesome.
It was kind of not like the board game actually.
We had it like it came with like what else came in that pack was some Super Scope stuff like Yoshi's Island.
Not Yoshi's Island Yoshi's Safari.
The Super Bazooka was so cool.
We don't have a Super Scope though so that's gonna probably be on our list cause I liked Yoshi's Safari.
The Super Bazooka was so awesome that little game that came with it was pretty cool.
I liked Blastress.
Yeah Blastress.
Yeah we've got like a bajillion Super Scope 6 copies now.
And another Mario paint even though we have no mouse.
We have the mouse pad we have no mouse.
And what else Battle Clash not Battle Clash.
Battle Chess?
No not Battle Chess it was another Super Scope game that's like.
I know what you're talking about yeah yeah yeah.
Yeah.
The other Super Scope 6 game.
Or Metal something.
Yeah.
Yeah something tank thing.
I'm sure somebody in chattel yelled out but yeah.
We also what else came in that collection?
I said Wheel of Fortune right?
No Wheel of Fortune came with it.
Killer Instinct also came with it.
What'd you find?
Battle Clash.
Battle Clash that's it.
Was the game I think you were thinking of.
There was also this is the long list of games that supported the Super Scope.
Battle Clash, Bazooka Blitzkrieg, The Hunt for Red October had bonus games in it.
Lamborghini American Challenge had mini games.
Lemmings 2 The Tribes had calibration.
Metal Combat, Falcon's Revenge, Operation Thunderbolt I remember that one.
I think we got that one too.
T2 the Arcade Game, 10 Star, X Zone, and Yoshi Safari.
And that of course is besides the Super Scope 6 game in the game itself.
We got something like I want to say 12 games or so with the system.
So Dan and I also sat down because he took a few days off and I'm fun employed.
We catalogued all of our games that we have at our house right now.
And this isn't including what we've loaned out or what's not at the house given that would be our Atari.
All of our Atari games which would be 2600, 5200, 7800.
We did get links though with links at the house.
Our Cliccovision Intellivision and Odyssey.
Odyssey 2 collection.
So we catalogued 1279 individual games.
And we had dupes of some of them.
That's a lot of games.
Now some of the games are also duped in that too but we also counted in the box and out of the box.
And special editions and regular editions are separate.
So I would say independent skews. How does that work?
Fair enough.
Even though you're not a Best Buy but that works.
I forgot that we had two copies of Cyberbots.
But Dan and I are actually starting to think about selling off some of our dupes.
So we're giving friends and OLR listeners first crack.
So I'll let you guys know when that's happening.
Alright. Very retro-tastic week it sounds like. It's awesome.
Loki, how was your gaming week? What have you been up to?
What have you been sick?
Let's see what did I do.
I played a bit of Minecraft I built.
I'm not really sure what it is. Small bridge I guess.
Oh yeah I played that too.
I just noticed our dynamic map is not working correctly.
It's showing someone else's world which is not of my interest.
I actually played a little bit of Saints Row the third today because I had left some of my games at work and I wanted to play those.
Saints Row happened to be in my bag.
Then I realized I don't have my save game anymore because I only have one more thing I have to do.
100% all the achievements. Well actually 100% all the activities.
And I can't find my save for Saints Row anymore.
I have no idea where it's at.
It's on a memory card somewhere and I think I deleted it actually so.
Damn. That kind of sucks.
I really don't want to play that game again.
I mean maybe later on but it's not.
I just don't want to do all those activities again because some of those are really annoying.
And then let's see what else.
I also played a little bit of Forza Horizon just mainly working on some decals.
I played a small bit. Well we played some Borderlands 2 this week.
And just kind of going through all the missions again because New Game Plus it wouldn't.
Wanted to do all the side missions but we're just kind of doing that right now.
Did the Minecraft easter egg which is kind of fun.
And what else did I do? Let's see.
Skyrim. More Skyrim. My modded game on PC.
It's getting really buggy.
Probably because I'm not supposed to put 87 mods on it.
I actually removed some because I had 90 something there at one point.
But yeah lots of mods in that game.
It's awesome because the game is so large.
Once again I don't know. I can't remember what's part of the game and what's a mod.
At least some of this stuff. I mean obviously The Realm of Chuck Norris wasn't in the original Skyrim.
But it's fun.
And I did try the Dovah Bear mod and it got annoying.
Because Dovah Bear like most of the other NPCs in some games it just kept walking in front of me.
And like trapping me in places because it just wouldn't get out of my way.
And I wanted to attack things and just stand there growling.
And I'm like fuck it you know by the time you're done doing your little growling animation.
And you know finally go try to attack something.
I'm just going to go kill it instantly because I'm super powered anyways.
So I don't fucking need you Dovah Bear.
So I got rid of that mod.
But yeah that's pretty much my game week.
And of course sold the Vita. So that was it.
My gaming week.
Last week when I was sick I played a lot more Ni No Kuni.
Which I talked about on a previous episode of the show.
Still enjoying it even though I'm about to that 15-16 hour mark.
And of course I've taken a pretty big break the past few days.
But I don't know. I played a lot of console games when I was sick.
So I've kind of not been wanting to do that because I haven't been sick since Monday.
But I do still intend on finishing Ni No Kuni at some point.
I'm doing a lot of PC gaming this week. Warcraft of course.
Because there's a lot going on on that front.
But there's another PC game I've actually spent quite a bit of time with.
That I've been getting into quite a bit.
And I think this game is pretty rad.
And would you believe it? It's a free game.
Which really surprises the hell out of me.
Because the quality of it is pretty darn good.
Path of Exile is the name of the game.
And I don't know if you guys are familiar with this game at all.
Path of Exile is a free game.
And it is put out by Gear Grinder Games.
I might have messed that up. Sorry.
I don't have the notes in front of me.
But it's got microtransactions in it.
But they are very big on saying that they want to do ethical microtransactions.
They don't want to do the type of microtransactions that would hold you back in a Zynga game.
Like an energy meter running out or something.
They sell cosmetics, spell effects, pets.
And if you look at their marketplace, that is the kind of stuff they're selling.
Along with extra character slots and extra stash things and so forth.
The money factor is not holding the game back, whatever.
Which I believe technically the game is still considered open beta right now.
And probably will be in beta for a long time.
Kind of like Gmail is.
Path of Exile is a Diablo clone of sorts for lack of a better term.
That's the best way I could explain it to you.
If you've played Diablo 1 or Diablo 2 or even Diablo 3.
You pretty much get the gist of what Path of Exile is going to be like.
And it does have the fully online integration.
Where you can get other people to join your game while you're going.
And you can party up to take on mobs that will be of an increased difficulty.
Let's see.
Also, there are six classes in the game.
And everything is kind of based around the three kind of guiding stats of intelligence, strength, dexterity.
And so you have one class that's very focused in each of those areas.
Like I play a witch, which is the intelligence focused class.
But then there's other classes that are like strength meets dexterity.
Strength meets intelligence, which I think is like the Templar.
And so on and so on.
And everything is very dictated by the colors that go along with those stats.
Because you get gems that are those colors.
Most items have sockets in them.
All the abilities are driven by gems.
And where this game gets really interesting is that you get gems that modify abilities if you have them in a connected socket.
Like for example, let's say I have a blue gem that makes fire.
And I do like a little fire bolt.
Well, when I beat a quest later on, I might get another gem that's called Fork.
And if I put Fork and I tie it in a socket that adjoins with the fire spell.
I will get a fireball that forks.
So it splits up.
So it's pretty cool because it kind of gives it this way of like developing your own spells in a way.
There is no gold in the game.
Which I found very interesting at first.
But everything is basically barter.
The scrolls of Identify and the scrolls of Town Portal kind of become your currency.
Which is really interesting to me.
The way you level up your characters is basically Final Fantasy X's Crystallarium.
I can't really explain it any better.
But it's this gigantic map where you move through all these different talents.
And I think the level cap in the game is like 100.
So you can imagine this leveling chart is gigantic.
And there are so many ways that you could screw up your build.
Because one of the tiny drawbacks is that there are very few ways to respec.
You can respec a little bit limited one point or two.
But if you screw up your class, you're stuck with it and you'll have to roll again or whatever.
But yeah.
Did I mention this game is free?
So how can I sit here and really complain about it at all?
The graphics are really good.
They're optimized very well.
Especially because I even have problems in games like Diablo 3 and Warcraft sometimes.
But the graphics are optimized very well in Path of Exile.
And I guess the only maybe little drawback I would say is that I feel like the camera is always zoomed in too much.
And although you can zoom in a little bit to kind of see your character a different way for screenshots or whatever.
You can't zoom out enough which can kind of be a bitch in multiplayer modes.
But that is one tiny ass gripe in the scope of what is really a great game.
That if you're a fan of Diablo or Torchlight or any of that stuff, this game is free.
And I will be honest to god surprised if this game can pull it off and sustain itself on this model.
That's the only thing. I kind of look at this and go, how can this company not be bankrupt in a year?
But I've been enjoying it enough where I almost just want to kick them 20 bucks just to say, well done.
Applause.
I'll just buy something stupid like more character slots or something just to support the game.
Like I actually kind of want to do that. It's weird, huh?
But I want to support a company that I think is doing a pretty awesome thing here.
Yeah, so Path of Exile. I recommend it. I do.
Even though the game is still in beta and so forth, it's fun.
And hopefully we'll only get better with time as it gets out of beta.
So, well done.
That was pretty much my gaming week. So we'll move on to some housekeeping news.
You can follow us on Twitter. Twitter.com slash O-L-R. We're also on Facebook and Google Plus.
So please find us on social media. We appreciate it.
Also want to give a shout out to our friends at Automate Jam Session.
It's one of the other shows you can hear at the Voice of Geeks Network on Tuesday nights at 6.30 Pacific, 9.30 Eastern.
They are about to hit 100 shows this week.
So congratulations to Rama, Ari Rockefeller, the whole gang over there at Anime Jam Session.
By the way, to celebrate their 100th episode, they're switching to a live show.
They're going to be live at the Voice of Geeks Network on Tuesday nights from here on out.
So, grats to all those folks at Anime Jam Session. Winner is you.
And good luck. Live radio is a lot of fun, especially when your internet starts cutting out.
It's a good thing that Blizzard didn't wait a few more days. You wouldn't even really host.
Especially if you try to open your mouth to say something and you belch into the microphone.
That's always fun too. Especially if the microphones start smelling like it.
Alright, that does it for housekeeping. Let's get into some gaming news and what has been going on in the industry this week.
It's been pretty damn busy, hasn't it, Logie?
Yes. So one of the announcements this week was that Rayman Legends has been delayed.
Oh no. It was originally supposed to be one of the bigger Wii U releases for people that bought the Wii U.
It was one of the games that they were kind of touting at even E3.
And the other bit of news that goes along with that, not only has it been delayed in September,
but now it's not going to be exclusive to the Wii U anymore. It's also coming to Xbox 360 and Playstation 3.
Because they want to make money.
Exactly. Because they said that the reason that they have the delay is because it's not done yet.
And they said, well, we could put out the Wii U version now and then do the other ones later in September,
but we usually release all of our stuff simultaneously.
It's not a standard practice. We just do this on a case-by-case basis.
Basically, here's what it is, folks. If you think about it, this is going to be a game that they're going to want to market.
Why would you double your marketing spend so that the Wii U people, the very few of them that may buy this game, get advertised too?
So basically, it's better just to wait, put the extra polish on the Wii U version of the game, put it out on the other consoles,
make some additional content, market it all at the same time in September.
What does suck, though, about that is what the hell is now coming out for the Wii U?
Because, honestly, that was going to be the only game for the Wii U in February, so now you have two months with no Wii U games.
When's Pikmin out, March?
No, Pikmin got delayed.
Oh boy. Not good.
There's no first-party title.
The LEGO game is the only first-party title that they have for...
I mean, it's not really Nintendo that they're, I guess, publishing it.
There's a lot of stuff in March, but let me put it this way. I looked at the list of stuff coming out for the Wii U.
There's maybe about eight games until the end of the year so far that have been announced.
And I'm including all of the, like, Zelda HD and all that stuff.
I mean, there's literally not a lot to go around right now.
Well, then, to play Devil's Advocate, yes, I can see where the audience for this Rayman game will expand quite a bit by delaying the game and doing it on 360 and PlayStation 3.
I get that, but at the same time, you had a captive audience of fans waiting for something to really justify their system's purchase, waiting for something big on the system.
And I think you had a lot of people that were ready to buy this game two weeks before they pulled the plug.
I mean, there's a lot of people really not happy with Ubisoft.
Like, Ubisoft personally went to Nintendo's house and punched them in the balls.
That is how some people are really taking this news.
Yeah, but Ubisoft right now is pulling in profit hand over fist, so I don't really think that it's going to hurt them that badly.
Okay, well, entertain my point for a minute here, whether I really believe this or not.
What about the concept that there was a captive audience in the Wii U audience, and now, in September, you're going to get your game notice in September?
I mean, Rayman, yes, it has its fans, and it's always going to appeal, especially as, like, a kid-friendly type of game, where I've seen a lot of people on the internet saying,
well, now it's got to go up against Grand Theft Auto. How short-sighted of a statement is that? I'm sorry.
If you were one of those people saying that, I'm smacking you upside the head, wake up call.
Do those two games really have the same audiences?
Counteradvocate.
Hello. Yeah, I know.
Family, where it's a decision between buying something for the kids or buying something for the grown-ups.
However, all that being said, when you're at September, you're knocking down the Christmas season's door, and those games are going to be a dime a dozen.
Those family games.
So, why wasn't the opportunity seized to really have Nintendo fans' full, undivided attention?
A smaller audience? Yes. A loyal audience? Clearly.
Loki, any thoughts on that?
Once again, I just think it just comes down to money, and it's because they're going to spend less money in marketing that.
I mean, they could just put it out the Wii U version without any marketing, but then, you know, they're not going to make a whole ton of money off of that.
I mean, granted, they've already kind of marketed it with demos and stuff like that, but once again, you have to consider what the install base of the Wii U is.
It's not very large, and what percentage of those people are going to buy Rayman Legends?
Being that it's the only game in two months, maybe quite a few of them, but it's still not a big chunk.
I mean, if you could guarantee all of them would buy it, maybe that might be worth it, but it's just not going to happen.
They know third-party attachment rates on these things are not good.
I want to share a point, and I will credit this to Bobby, because it's something he said on his show, so please support Mr. Bobby Black Wolf.
Bobby Black Wolf Show, 5 o'clock here at VOG, 8 o'clock Eastern.
He talked about how Nintendo gets this rap all the time, where it's all about the first-party games.
And, you know, Nintendo does great for first-party and their stuff, but they don't do enough for third-party.
So, here they go, they put out their system, and the reason why they have this big blank slate is that they wanted the third-parties to be able to carry this.
It's that they didn't want to flood the market with their own stuff, because they wanted the third-parties to have a chance to shine, to have a chance to sell their games.
And, to be fair, ZombiU has done very well in that category, also an Ubisoft game.
But, you know, the system's launch was Mario and Nintendo Land, and there's not going to be anything else until Christmas.
So, third-parties, here you go, here's your chance to shine.
And, instead of taking that chance, Ubisoft has literally shit on them.
Like, literally taken a dump all over that offering from Nintendo.
I mean, whether it's a good business decision or not, that's pretty much what happened.
Because Nintendo did put a lot of stock and investment in this whole, you know,
we got Rayman Legends coming, dah-dah-dah, and we got an exclusive demo, dah-dah-dah, only to get the literally shit on by Ubisoft with this.
So, I mean, can we really complain about how Nintendo doesn't support third-parties when this is how the third-parties respond?
Well, okay, I'm sorry, but, you know, to play, I guess, devil's advocate there,
I don't really think that the whole blank space right here is to allow for third-parties.
I think it's that Nintendo's development is fucked up.
And that's because they had stuff for first quarter that they were going to put out first-party titles, and they're just not fucking done yet.
And it's not a matter of them, oh, we're being gracious to these third-parties.
They have nothing coming out. They're probably, like, panicked that, oh, there's two months where there's no games for our system coming out at retail.
I mean, that's not good. That doesn't look good, especially since the support for the Wii has dropped off immediately.
It wasn't like the PlayStation 2 and stuff were, hell, you know, there is still PlayStation 2 games coming out last year.
I mean, a couple, but that's still many years after the system's done, versus the Wii U comes out?
Nothing this year. Like, there's, like, three games for the Wii coming out, and that's it.
It's just nothing. Just drop down to nothing, and there's nothing for your new system either.
It's just like they said, fuck you guys, we're just going to go the other platforms.
I've been playing Devil's Advocate a lot. Here's my honest opinion. Here's what I really think.
Now that I've shared all this other stuff, here's what I really think.
The Ubisoft decision, from a purely business and nothing else perspective, it does make sense.
And so, as disappointing as that is, as a Wii U owner, honestly, I probably wasn't going to buy the game anyway.
Rayman was not the system seller for me anyway.
I think Nintendo is in a situation exactly like the 3DS situation,
and it's really ridiculous that they're in that situation yet again, but I think the only way out of it,
I mean, the 3DS is in a great place now, and Nintendo is essentially going to have to repeat history.
They're going to have to eat shit. They're going to have to cut the price of the Wii U.
That's the only thing now, and we're going to get another one of those E3s this year,
where Reggie comes out on stage and says, you fucking want games? Bam.
Here's a game. Here's a game. Here's a game. Here's a game. Fuck you, I'm out.
That's going to be their E3 this year. It's going to be just like the year that this all went down with 3DS.
And that'll be that. And then a year from now, we're all going to sit here going,
how did we ever doubt Nintendo and the Wii U? Will the Wii U be the force to be reckoned with the Wii was?
No. But if these, I mean, who's to say these other consoles are going to necessarily be a force to be reckoned with either?
We're all assuming that PlayStation 4 and Xbox, whatever it's called, are going to be these, you know,
consoles that are the forces to be reckoned with. However, if it serves me right,
we've had a lot of nasty rumors going around about both of these consoles and things they might do
and missteps they might make of their own that could really piss people off in convincing them to spend $500 on these new consoles.
And if that happens and you're the soccer mom come Christmas time,
do you want to buy one of these $500 consoles that doesn't play used games?
Or do you want to buy this other console that has the Nintendo name on it, that has Mario's face on it,
that just had its price slashed by 50 bucks to play games that albeit are not that much better technologically than the ones that are out now?
Believe it, believe it, that could happen all over again. History could very well repeat itself.
Even though we're all sitting here laughing at Nintendo right now, don't count them out.
It is way too early and Nintendo is far too stubborn to let it go.
I also have the special superpower of Lucky Bitch Powers because seriously,
I mean, have you not noticed that just when things seem, you know, about to be down for Nintendo,
they pull something out of their ass or something turns around or just one little thing will work in their favor and it all turns around, right?
Lucky Bitch Powers.
We'll see though. A lot can happen between now and E3. It's going to be a very interesting year. Can't wait.
A note for our live listeners. We are aware that the show is cutting out a little bit here and there and a lot of you are having to reload.
We're sorry about it. The same problem was affecting Bobby's show tonight so we actually think it does not originate with us
and, you know, I know we had some lullsy internet-related issues here at the studio that were causing problems for live listeners.
We actually think it's because our provider is located in the Northeast where there was just that big blizzard
so it would make sense that that is wreaking havoc when the show is being relayed to all of you.
So we're really sorry about it but it's a little bit out of our control.
Blame God.
It's really the problem is our choice to go with blizzard cooling for our server.
Exactly, right?
Should have gone with, you know, water or air. No, blizzard! It's better.
Alright. Did you get all that Rayman stuff out that you went to sell?
Yeah, they're going to have an exclusive demo.
Great. Hey, good luck, Nintendo man, that they know how to show appreciation.
They're going to have you guys put out another...
Ubisoft's going to put out another demo, another exclusive Rayman Legends demo.
At some point.
Ross Steele in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says the third parties aren't going to go back to Nintendo.
It's not going to happen.
I think that's a bold as fuck statement.
There... I don't know. I mean, there's some other stuff that we may talk about later on that...
Well, why don't I throw this out there as far as third parties go.
Activision, interesting little development during their earnings call where Bobby Kotick was asked about, you know,
Skylanders and so forth, how the console sales with that all goes.
He said, quote, we were somewhat disappointed with the launch of the Wii U.
We're concerned about the install base for six to eleven years old, six to eleven year olds.
So, of course, this caused all the blogs to run with Activision is concerned about Nintendo because he did use that.
You know, we're concerned.
OK, we'll see.
I don't think I wouldn't worry about this too long term, but it does show.
Nintendo really has to show a clear future on how that console is going to print money very soon.
Here's one for you, since I see it's on our show.
EA.
There's no EA sports games for the Wii or Wii U this year so far.
Yeah, I noticed that.
And that's up through August through Madden.
No Tiger, no.
And it even goes with 2K.
No MLB game.
There's no NCAA and no Madden.
I mean, that's.
Interesting that they just completely Madden.
I mean, it must have flopped big time on, you know, the Wii U for the launch.
I don't know if FIFA I could see FIFA being on there, but right now, no Wii U titles sports wise.
And who knows, maybe they'll continue with other franchises of theirs.
Let's not forget, though, despite the fact we say all the third parties are abandoning ship, which I think it's a little early to say that for sure.
Remember, one place where Wii U and Nintendo themselves have really endeared themselves and don't count out what this base can do for your console is indies.
There's a lot of indie developers that are really liking what Nintendo is doing right now.
Don't count them out.
And just because EA doesn't put out any sports games this year on the Wii does not mean that they're not going to put any sports games for next year.
Just right now, they don't have Madden coming out.
And let's be honest, maybe Madden just doesn't sell very well on the Wii.
I mean, I know we haven't, as far as a retail perspective, didn't sell much of it. It's always PS3, Xbox 360 heavy.
Maybe people have all started realizing that it's the same game every year.
Nope, they haven't figured that out yet.
Still number one selling sports game.
Rama in our chat room suggests Tecmo Bowl for Wii U, please.
It could be an interesting time for somebody.
Then they tried that for the Wii and how well did that sell?
Yeah, that's true.
This could be an interesting time for somebody else to come in and do their knockoff game.
I mean, it couldn't be NBA or NFL officially, but...
You have to know there's no football game that's as good as Super High Impact. End of story.
High Impact Wii U.
No Super Garris Ball.
Anything is possible.
Yeah, Super Garris Ball.
Guys.
Mega Man Soccer.
Even I think the joke is getting old.
Which is funny. When we were cataloging our games, I completely forgot that we had Mega Man Soccer.
I don't know if you noticed on Twitter, someone was saying that they...
Oh, was it like a Mass Effect spoof of... was it...
Gangnam Style or something like that?
Yeah, what was that wallpaper that everyone's been... their phone wallpaper now?
No, no. It wasn't that.
I was replying to someone's tweet and it was about something that had to do with Mass Effect.
And like, oh, I'm surprised there hasn't been a... you guys should do a Mass Effect...
Oh, it was like, you guys should do a Mass Effect parody song to Gangnam Style or something like that.
And I was like, I'm sure someone's already done that to Mass Effect.
And sure enough, they had like a Mass Effect Gangnam Style.
I think it was like Garris Style or something like that.
There is this wallpaper for a phone circulating that's Garris and Caden.
Yeah, it was Garris Style.
It's just a still.
Yeah, I'm kind of spent on Gangnam Style after the Pistachio commercial.
Wait a minute, were you watching a football game on TV? Yes, you were. You wouldn't have seen that.
No.
Aha! Aha! Objection!
Hulu.
Oh, fine.
Alright, let's move on with more gaming news.
Girl, don't even.
Oh, I will.
Well, there is a developer called AK Studios.
A-C-K-K, which makes me think of Bill the Cat now.
They've put out an announcement.
They're working on a 3D RPG that is inspired by Earthbound and The World Ends With You.
And it's going to be on the Wii U eShop.
It's codename is Project Y2K.
Aren't they like 13 years too late for that name?
But there is a teaser up for it.
And basically they're saying that basically right now it's concept art, finalized script and storyline, and graphics and gameplay engine.
I forgot this story was on our show roll tonight. What did I just say?
What did I just say about indies and the Wii U?
That it could make for a very interesting marriage. That's all I'm saying.
If Nintendo finally actually puts its stock in this.
Isn't it more like Wii U leaving one mistress for another Nintendo?
Well, it would be quite the change for Nintendo.
Because remember three years ago fans had to start a letter writing campaign to get games like Xenoblade, which should have been an obvious put that out here in the States please.
And Last Story, which has done well for XSeed.
And now Pandora's Tower.
Maybe Nintendo finally could be doing this turnaround where they're like, maybe gamers here want this shit. This could be a niche for us.
So they're changing their polygamy for a harem.
However you want to phrase it.
I'm just trying to think of a good analogy.
That'll work.
I want a harem.
Who doesn't want a harem?
Except you'd have to pay for all of this, nevermind.
Alright, moving on then I guess.
Let's see, we've talked crap about Sony, we've talked crap about Nintendo. Who are we leaving out, Loki?
We're going to talk about Microsoft.
As we get close to E3, and I'm sure it's just not going to quit until they make their final announcements.
Let's talk about random Xbox next generation rumors.
So starting off, the next Xbox will always be online and will use Blu-ray.
That works so well.
Kind of a big duh with the Blu-ray because either it's going to be Blu-ray of their own proprietary format, obviously something that's going to be...
Butch, Microsoft can't use Blu-ray, Loki. That's a Sony product.
That's stupid.
That doesn't make any sense. You're talking crazy.
They can totally do that. I'm surprised actually they don't use HD DVD because that's technology that they have access to and no one's using it for anything.
Sony was also one part of Blu-ray and I also want to remind everybody, Microsoft kind of sucks some dick to get Final Fantasy XI on its console early on which had this whole play online front end.
Who owns play online? I'm dropping the mic now.
Anyways, so yeah, there's rumors going around that it's supposed to be always online which I guess is supposed to somehow tie in with maybe, I don't know, the way you use games work.
I mean, some way to, I guess, cut into the second hand game market by authenticating your games or something.
I don't really know. There's no real specifics on that, on why that's even an important fact down there.
The other one is, of course, that there's going to have some sort of, they say, natural speech detection and speech attacks which I know they've been trying to do that kind of crap with the Kinect and I always think it's very, like, useless.
I mean, just like, oh, I plug in the Kinect and Kinect, I want you to do this, you know, or Kinect.
Yeah, but you have functional hands.
I understand that, but I'm saying that they try to, they're trying to improve on this front right here and, you know, to play devil's advocate, that's really only benefiting a small percentage of their market base.
I'm talking about, like, as far as, I don't really know how much further they're going to go with this as far, how this is going to play into the next gen console other than, like, you know.
I believe this is actually, you know, even though this is all rumors and we should take it with a grain of salt, I believe this part, the text-to-speech part, is absolutely true.
And I think the proof is in something that's actually going on in the 360 right now. There's, in the Kinect channel or whatever it is, you go into the Kinect thing, there's an app you can download that is nothing but, and maybe somebody in chat can help me fill in the gap here with the name of it,
but it's something where you actually launch it up and it attracts, like, you can earn achievements and avatar gear if you're willing to do this Kinect experiment where you just read phrases.
And you're just reading phrases over and it'll make some background noise sometimes and it's things about, like, movies and all this stuff.
So, like, they're trying to collect different accents and the way people talk through this channel. They're trying to collect all this information, which is really weird when you consider, well, they've already implemented a lot of this.
So they're gearing for something else. So I think the proof is there that this is happening.
They're trying to get it more user-friendly instead of saying, like, Xbox, play DVD or play, you know, Xbox search X-Files, play, you know, it's like you can say, where can I find the X-Files? Or where can I watch X-Files?
You should talk like GLaDOS.
I would believe that, you know, they're gonna show, like, a video or something of the new Xbox where somebody walks in as they're getting home from work, hanging up their jacket or whatever, and somebody's walking in going, Xbox, play last night's episode of The Walking Dead.
And the Xbox will just magically turn on and maybe it powers on your TV too or something, I don't know, through an infrared communication. And then there it goes. It starts playing The Walking Dead.
And so they're gonna, that'll be like a thing.
Oh, and I hope that we get another one of those stupid demonstrations where they're saying in front of the Kinect and like, oh, I'm virtually trying on outfits. Or, oh, I'm gonna scan in my skateboard logo or whatever so it can appear on my object in game.
Oh, wait, all that shit that they promised us for the Kinect and never fucking came through with? I guess, you know, getting a vague color for my car, which, by the way, with that fucked up camera was always like a whitish-pinkish color no matter what the lighting in the room.
I guess that's much better. Oh, by the way, the whole internet connection thing was, of course, supposed to be that whole, oh, it's not gonna play these games because it's gonna be always connected to the internet and it's gonna be tied in.
Basically, they're saying like you have a one-time code you use and that's it. And then your disk is useless, I guess. It doesn't make any sense. It's not gonna happen.
I mean, once again, like I said, you're not being forced to buy a new console and they're not gonna cut out, I mean, seriously, if they cut out GameStop, who's gonna sell their console? Yes, I understand there's other retailers out there that sell consoles, but...
They all want to sell used games, too.
But those GameStops aren't going out of business because those guys aren't selling consoles. All they're saying is, hey, you know what, you should buy a PS4 instead. Why? Because it plays better games. Oh, and because you can sell your games back.
To go back to another point is, you know, talking about the little demos showing all the stuff that they are saying it's gonna do that it doesn't do. Think back to when the Xbox 360 was in previews at E3.
We all sat on that floor with the pounding noise that was awful. But it was talking about a lot of things that really didn't happen until more recently.
You know, so I think that it's not necessarily that it is going to do all this. That they want it to do all this and it will eventually do all that. You can't expect instant gratification.
You know, oh, we're gonna have all this. Well, it's gonna happen right away. No, it's not. You have to keep in mind, you know, what happens in reality and, you know, keep on top of the technology.
And so help me keep Peter Molyneaux out of E3.
I'm gonna put my tinfoil hat on for a minute and just do a what if. I don't really think this, but I think it's worth going down an avenue exploring here for a little bit.
Because like you say, Loki, if the Xbox doesn't play used games and the PlayStation 4 does, then Microsoft might as well seal its own fate right now because they won't be sold in GameStop.
But what if, tinfoil hat, what if Sony and Microsoft are in cahoots. We've heard about the rumors about the trademark or whatever that the Sony discs would be tied to the console.
So we've had this rumor about Sony already. What if Sony and Microsoft have had secret meetings and it's not unheard of that competitors will have meetings about mutually beneficial topics.
Because maybe EA brought them both to the table or somebody else. Okay, so what if they have both decided that used games will not be playable on the consoles? Then what happens?
Then what happens? Then you have people, and this is just, it's really only gonna, it's perception, because let's be honest here, like a lot of the games I buy, I may not necessarily sell used later on.
It's just perception in that sense, but there's really nothing forcing me, it's gonna, if buying games, let's say that you can't afford to buy brand new games.
And I understand that. Let's say you're on a tight budget and you need to trade in those old games to make up the money to buy the new games.
Okay, so you can't do that anymore because that option's gone. So what are you gonna do? You're gonna have to train yourself to now wait six months for them to drop the price of the game.
Still buying it new, but you're not buying it full price. And that's what's gonna happen. See, that's the problem. You can get rid of your second hand sales, but you're still gonna have to drop the price of that game at some point.
And now they're just buying it brand new at that same cost. So I don't see why, what's the point in, I don't understand where they're hurting their sales right now, when it's just gonna hurt them down the road anyways, when they start writing off the inventory.
Well, in my whole little tinfoil hat scenario, I agree now with RossTealUT in our chat room. Nintendo would be the only winner in that pact.
Absolutely. Go back to what I said at the beginning of the show where Nintendo can dig themselves out of this hole if Sony and Microsoft fucked themselves, and this would be one way to do it.
Now, I'm gonna take the tinfoil hat off, put it on the table. Here's what I really think. I don't necessarily think these rumors are false, just like I don't think that the rumors about the PlayStation 4 disc protection or whatever is false.
However, Microsoft's had a real problem with dev kits. And where do most of these rumors start? They start from disgruntled devs and so forth. Loki, did you not buy a dev kit on eBay?
Not eBay, but yeah.
Okay. Now, here's the thing. I don't think Microsoft really wants you to have one of those. And it seems to me like a lot of that shit's been floating out there randomly where anybody could get it.
So my thought is, maybe the dev kits always require you to be online, and the dev kits will always be reading or talking to, you know, Microsoft or what have you, to make sure that these games don't leak early.
Because what Microsoft's really trying to combat is not the used game market, but day zero piracy, because that is what hurts the most, is the piracy that gets out there before the game even goes on sale.
You mean like Halo 4 being linked to, like, what, four weeks early, two weeks early?
Ding, ding, ding, absolutely, Loki. That is absolutely it. And I would even say it would be realistic to see that perhaps a game goes on sale digitally just a couple days before it goes on sale in tangible form, not much to GameStop chagrin and so forth.
That's a direction I could see, like, where they go down the line again, and it is all about combating piracy.
That I would see and would understand if that's what they're doing.
And to require an online only console, it's just not going to happen anyways, because not everyone has internet. I mean, even now, our internet, especially high speed internet, not everyone has high speed internet or has reliable high speed internet.
I mean, there's a lot of things that can go wrong.
27% of Xbox is never online, according to an Ars Technica article that cited a 2010 study. Granted, in three years a lot can happen, but we could still really, it's got to be above 10%, which is, you know, a number that can't be ignored.
Yeah, so I mean, and let's just say now I understand that some of those may have gone online at some point, but doesn't mean that they're always online. Like, I know, like, sometimes my Xbox doesn't have an internet connection, depending on where I'm using it and stuff.
And that would kind of suck that, oh, I can't play a game on this because, because of some reason, I don't know, if they really want to combat piracy or something, what they could do if you're going to do a one time code thing is have it like a PC game.
Like I have my Grand Theft Auto games and stuff where I can revoke that code at some point, say I want to trade it in or whatever, and I revoke that code and then that way, okay, you don't have that code, you can't really play this game on the system.
That could be one way to do it.
I mean, they'd be trying to hose the rental market because the rental market wouldn't be able to dig themselves out of that one.
Yeah, but they don't really care about the rental markets.
Interesting. Interesting. All right, well, we will see in the coming months.
And if it all sucks, if all the consoles suck, there's always Steam and Steam's going to have those same games that are on consoles.
I mean, obviously not the Microsoft first party or Sony first party, but you're going to have a lot of those multiplatform games.
By the way, don't expect Sony or Microsoft to be very forthcoming about this in their press conferences or whatever, you know, Sony is doing on February 20th.
These questions will have to be asked point blank and they will be asked by journalists at E3.
And that is where the answer will be found is when those interviews come out. We shall see.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio on vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, error.
Meanwhile, let's talk about somebody else that's in some trouble right now, Zynga.
Oh boy, it's just been bad news after bad news after bad news.
And, you know, we've had a lot of financial reports lately and apparently another one came out here.
Zynga did pretty bad in 2012. They posted a $209.4 million loss.
That's not as bad as 2011 when it was a $404.3 million loss.
But keep in mind, they've closed some places since then. They've had to make some cutbacks.
So, yeah, I don't know if they're going to be shutting down other games or what or what the future holds.
But they're still losing money. Maybe the Facebook thing is over.
This is, well, I guess maybe not over, but it's not the huge thing that people once thought it was.
Which, again, I would caution Sony and Microsoft in their whole trying to capture that market and so forth.
Look at what's happening to Zynga. It's kind of a fad. Don't marry Facebook. It's only going to get ugly.
You can't play catch up. You just have to come up with something new.
Why marry Facebook when you can make your own Facebook?
And I have a hard time believing Microsoft doesn't want to make their own.
Maybe not necessarily like, you know, the exact same thing that Facebook does.
But what if they could take some of the parts of Facebook and kind of make Xbox Live a new version of that?
I don't know. I could see where they maybe want to make their own thing as opposed to just trying to marry something that's already out there.
But then again, it didn't work so well for Apple, so I don't know.
We here at Microsoft are now going to partner with the new MySpace.
Well, the new MySpace, as funny as that joke is to make, the new MySpace is really about music and not so much like games or anything else.
I mean, it's really about music and artistry, because that's kind of what MySpace turned into when everybody left it.
It was all artists trying to promote themselves. So, you know, it's kind of like they were all each other's friends.
MySpace now is trying to compete with Pitchfork.
And Pinterest. But it's like a Pinterest of music is what it is.
It's a pinfork.
I was lucky enough to get invited to the thing as in preview or whatever.
And it looked nice, but there was nothing there for me.
I was honestly only there to see how I could pimp Orange Lawn's radio and, you know, the podcast stuff I do.
Like, you know, what's in it for me? Then couldn't find it.
So not really on it.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Dark Saga.
Well, we know of that game company, right?
Sure. Flower, Journey.
Well, this is just a little interesting. More put it in here, yeah, just for the interest side of it.
And to help people keep things in perspective.
When Journey shipped, they were bankrupt.
They could not pay their employees.
They, you know, really just went ahead and shipped out the game, you know, with a prayer that they wouldn't lose more.
And as it turned out, you know, that's put them back up, you know, in the top and kept them alive.
So it's just, you know, you think of all these companies that are pretty much, we've been saying sinking ship, sinking ship,
but really all it takes is that one shining, you know, gemstone out there that's gonna, you know, bring them back.
Just thought this would be a good one for perspective.
Yeah. Along with that, you know, the old tale about Final Fantasy and why it was called Final Fantasy.
And I'm talking about the original NES version.
It was called Final Fantasy because it was going to be SquareSoft's last game because they were pretty much out of money.
And then, hooray, Final Fantasy ended up being a cash cow.
And so, you know, they've moved on very well since then.
But yeah, this is kind of a similar sort of story, so.
So just, you know, want to put it out there. Indie developers, don't give up.
You know, you never know what's going to happen.
You never know what's going to happen.
Just don't make shit and you'll be okay.
Some comments from our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Going to the last story a little bit, Technus wants to clarify, Microsoft already has a deal with Facebook.
That's why you see Bing Maps and Bing Translate on Facebook.
I don't know what the limit of exclusivity it would be to that.
I know it's a hard word to pronounce, isn't it? Exclusiveness.
Exclusivity?
That still doesn't stop Microsoft from necessarily doing their own thing.
What does Facebook get out of it?
Maybe the Skype integration thing?
Because that was something they were really hyping up for their messenger and chat was that, you know, their Skype.
So yeah, I guess you're right.
Microsoft and Facebook already have some ties.
Doesn't mean Microsoft couldn't do their own thing.
Nor could Sony, although I don't, like, based on history, I don't think Sony would pull it off very well.
But you never know. I might be surprised.
Sony might have bought a company that fell off my radar that could do it.
So, who knows?
I am also, like, just totally, like, mass hypothesizing, making shit up.
But who wouldn't want to get, like, a Facebook for gamers?
I mean, that would seem like, and I think there are some startups out there kind of trying to capitalize on that a bit.
But nobody's really struck gold with that idea yet.
I wouldn't believe that the publishers themselves aren't trying to do that a little bit.
Look at Miiverse.
Kind of moving that direction a little bit.
As much as Nintendo can.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and what is coming to a game store near you very soon.
Loki, we'll start with you on the US dates.
This week, the big game coming out would be Aliens Colonial Marines on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, and the PC.
Also, Brain Age concentration training out on the 3DS.
Actually, I think today.
Brain Age is still a thing?
I thought that was just, like, a fad.
They were just trying.
Well, people buy it.
Sonic and Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed on 3DS this week.
Omerta, City of Gangsters on Xbox 360.
And I want to say that I think that's it.
Because there wasn't that much coming out this week.
Technic... I guess it's...
What's today here?
I guess technically within the week.
Next Sunday, they're going to be having the Zombie U Nintendo Wii U 32GBi Deluxe set.
It's going to be a Zombie U and a digital copy of Nintendo Land.
So you're not going to have much of that hard drive left over.
I like how Ubisoft waited for that to go to the factory before they fucked Nintendo.
Anyhow.
Yeah, hey, let's make this deal.
Oh, and fuck you, huh?
I know. That's business. That is business.
Going to Japan, checking out the Japanese releases.
On Valentine's Day, which happens to be release day in Japan.
PlayStation 3, Combat Wings, The Great Battles of World War II.
Price drops for Dragon's Dogma and Lollipop Chainsaw.
Because Lollipop Chainsaw is getting the Valentine's edition on February 14th.
Even though it's a steaming festering pile of poo?
Yes, even though it's a steaming festering pile of poo.
That's an opinion.
Lots of stuff on the Xbox 360. Who would have thought I said that?
Of course, most of this is price reductions.
Lollipop Chainsaw connects Star Wars, Gears of War 3, Disneyland Adventures,
Forza 4, Dragon's Dogma, Dance Central 2, all of those getting price reductions this week in Japan.
And as far as new stuff goes, Aliens, Colonel Marines, Combat Wings,
The Great Battles of World War II, and Giga Force come out this week in Japan.
Those are all new things.
You know what?
On the 14th? What?
About that, Aliens, Colonial Marines, I actually want that game.
Yeah? Why's that?
Because, and God, why can't I never remember his damn name?
The guy who played Bishop is reprising his role.
Oh, that's cool.
But you know who else? He voiced Admiral Hackett.
Of course. Oh, you. Oh, you.
PlayStation Vita in Japan this week gets Sakura no Pet na Kanojo in regular and limited editions.
And Silent Hill Book of Memories gets its Japanese release.
Girls' Pets?
Just in time. Better than girls' butts.
Just in time for Valentine's Day Silent Hill game on the Vita.
Absolutely nothing on the Wii U, but Tank Tank Tank is out in the near future,
although I thought that was going free to play or something was happening.
I don't know. It's on my list for some reason for next week.
They have like a demo or something that's coming out that you can...
Like a retail version.
Unlock parts of the demo or something if you pay money. I don't know. It's weird.
On the 3DS this week, Marugo 3D Na Nami Tu Ishiho Na Ga Kubo English Jo Satsu no Kotsu Riron Hen.
What the hell is that? I don't know.
It's got a cute anime girl, though.
Because, you know, that's everything.
That's it. That's the one screenshot I have.
That could just be the box art. The game probably has nothing to do with that.
So I don't know what that is, but it's not any big series.
Quickly checking to see if they're still putting stuff out on the PSP.
They are. PSP getting some releases this week.
Battle Robot Tamashi from Bandai Namco this week on the PSP.
Dark Sakura, how about the other side of the Atlantic?
As soon as I can make my iPad go there.
We only have on the 12th, we have Aliens Colonial Marines.
And to answer your earlier question about the game, courtesy of Tiger Claw, Lance Henriksen.
That's it. I knew it was some sort of Icelandic sounding name.
Was he a Stargate guy? Why do I associate him with Stargate?
I think, wasn't he in Atlantis?
I associate him with Stargate for some reason.
I stopped watching Stargate after season 8, so.
There's been a fuck ton of Stargate, too.
Just the SG-1 series.
If you haven't been following Stargate since the original movie that the guy who made Independence Day did all those years ago,
there's been a fuck ton of Stargate that's been happening. Just so you know.
But no MMO frown.
You know what, Becky and I used to marathon SG-1 because I have all those box sets I'm probably gonna sell.
And we both decided that season 4 sucks.
I had an ex that was really into Stargate. It's a good show. I'm not gonna hate it.
Season 7 was good.
Alright, a few more news stories for you guys and then we'll get into the classic game of the week. Loki.
Alright, so let's talk about the independent console that's coming out.
Ouya!
Ouya is gonna be making its way out for Kickstarter backers in March, but if you didn't get in on that action, then you can actually pick one up at retail.
It's gonna be coming to Amazon, Best Buy, Target, and the store that's into everything electronics nowadays, GameStop.
You can buy one for $99 there or an extra controller for $49.99.
Think about it. If the new Xbox doesn't play used games, there will be more Ouya merchandise at GameStop than there will be Xbox Lube or 720 or whatever they call it.
Yeah, they're gonna really have to grease you up to get you to buy one of those.
And then to go with that, of course, they're saying that, yeah, you may buy an Ouya this year, but it doesn't mean that there's not gonna be an Ouya 2 next year or an Ouya 3 the year after that.
In fact, they're planning on doing a new one each year because they can take advantage of better, faster processors and falling prices and that kind of stuff.
They figure, hey, you know what? If there's consoles coming out there that, or I should say tablets that are making new iterations each year, why not the Ouya, I guess?
So I guess we can expect some more of those.
And then, of course, they've partnered up with Double Fine and, well, let's see here, Paul Bettner, who is the creator of Words with Friends.
And they're gonna be bringing the Cave and Reds to Ouya, I guess. These are pretty big games.
I've never heard of Reds, but the Cave I'm well aware of because that just came out.
And then, last but not least, this month, of course, to go along with the whole Kickstarter backers getting their consoles next month, they are going through the approval process right now.
And I'm a little disappointed. I mean, out of some, like two-thirds of this, I'm okay.
They're basically looking at games being submitted to them and they're checking for intellectual property infringement, malware, and excessive pornography.
I'm glad that they added excessive in there.
So a little, a little titty's okay.
A little pornography is alright.
So no to Ouya developers, a little titty's okay.
I still think there should be excessive pornography. I mean, hell, that should be the title of a game, Excessive Pornography, the game.
That would be awesome.
Is that, dare I say, is that an OLR dream game, Excessive Pornography?
Excessive Pornography, that's the internet, okay. That's just the internet.
That's everybody's dream game. That's not an OLR dream game.
That's the internet stream game.
The Excessive Pornography, featuring random pictures of low cats for no reason.
That's the internet, right there.
But, yeah, so they're supposed to be doing that and they said the process should begin in the middle of the end of this month.
And of course, I don't know, we'll see once, at least I know I have one game spoken for when that comes out.
Going to the chat, some strong opinions about the whole yearly upgrades of the Ouya.
Rama in chat says, a new Ouya each year is suicide.
To which a lot of people jumped in and said iPhone, iPad, I even said the Nintendo DS called and said you're wrong.
New Ouya every year, is that suicide to admit that this early?
Well, no, because here's the thing. Remember, you may be buying this console right now and you're like, oh, they're going to have a new one next year.
But everything about this console is meant to be hacked.
So, they could sell you, hey, we have an upgraded processor, boom, put it in your console.
Or go buy that. Or, hell, hey, we're going to use Tegra 4 now or something like that.
If you want to put a Tegra 4 chip in there, here's the board to do it.
And they can sell you parts. It may not cost you as much as buying a brand new console each time around.
So, I don't really have a problem with that, if that's going to be the way they're going to go about it.
Because it's optional. I mean, hell, you can hack this thing apart and play emulators on it.
What the hell do you need a quad-core processor for that shit? I mean, you don't.
Comment from RossDielUT in our chat room, the Ouya is an open platform. We're going to see excessive porn on it anyway.
Good point.
It has access to the internet.
Will it have a web browser?
Is it connected to the internet?
Excessive porn for all! Yay!
That is one thing we can look forward to with an always connected Xbox system, is it's always going to have access to pornography on the internet.
Xbox! Tits!
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine?
It shows me Britney Spears' greatest hits.
That's not what I said!
Xbox pornography and Lumen Room and just like boobs flying at you at every angle.
Yeah! This is next gen!
Like seriously, okay, if Microsoft could come out at E3 and show that as the demo and then just slip in there.
By the way, it won't play used games, but it will totally show you tits.
Then people will be like, forgiven. You're forgiven.
Everything negative we said about the used games.
It's not going to play used games, but it can do this.
It's like, whoa!
Whoa!
Boobies, boobies, boobies, boobies.
Dark Sakura, would you buy one?
If Aluma Room would not play used games, would it show you all the boobies you could dream of?
I'm thinking about it.
Like Katy Perry can get up in your face and be knocking that back and forth.
That picture of Katy Perry, all over your walls, everywhere.
Oh no, that's pretty hard to say no to, Rob.
And see, with Aluma Room, because it's all going to be interactive, you could walk up into that and just like, smack.
Just put your face all up in it.
Achievement unlocked.
No one can resist motorboat.
It's like Cobra Triangle 2.
Alright, one more story for you guys.
Back when gaming was so simple.
A retro gaming story for you guys.
Before we were picturing Aluma Room projecting boobies all over the walls.
You didn't have this in these classic games.
But this is still pretty cool, a way to make it modern.
It's the Capcom Arcade Cabinet.
We've been talking about this game for a little bit on the show.
Finally, the details coming out about this game.
It's going to come out for PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade on February 19th.
A teaser trailer went out this week showing the games that will be in it.
Black Tiger, 1943.
Ghosts and Goblins, Legendary Wings, Commando, Avengers Section Z.
And I am really excited about this.
Pirate Ship Higemaru is coming out as well.
I love that game, it's a fun little puzzler.
Reminds me a lot of like, Pingo.
But anyway, the games individually will be four bucks.
But if you want to get a bundle of three games, it will be ten dollars.
Except the very first pack is like, discounted or whatever, five dollars.
That is Avengers 1943 and Black Tiger.
Here's the best part.
In the trailer, it says that you can play these games online with friends.
So finally, somebody getting the retro thing right.
And making it so that I can play the games online across the internets.
Pretty excited about this.
I hope the games play well.
But it sounds pretty cool.
Dark Sakura, would this be something you're interested in at all?
Or no, because you kind of already have the retro stuff?
Honestly, all those games that you listed are games that we own.
So, um, it's cool though.
It's cool for people who don't already have this stuff, yeah.
The modernization, being able to play online.
Yeah, that sounds fun.
Casual mode I think was advertised too.
Maybe to make the arcade games a little easier.
Maybe so that you can actually beat ghosts and goblins, maybe?
I'm assuming that's what that means.
Well, Dan can beat it.
Well, Dan's a freak. And I mean that in the most loving way possible.
Yeah.
Uh, let's go. Speaking of classic games, I don't even need a segue this week.
We're already talking about classic games.
So let's go to the classic game of the week.
Which I believe is also a Capcom game, although not one that's been announced.
Yes it is.
Oh, it's like you knew.
But you ruined how I wanted to introduce it though.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Because I wanted you to play the YouTube clip so that you could get the...
Well, I gave a hint. I didn't tell you the game.
Well, play the little opening start on YouTube.
And it's not in the Capcom Hits collection. I'll tell you that much.
Here we go. Here is a clip from this week's classic game of the week.

LOL internet. I don't know if...
There we go.
Yeah. We're getting a little bit of buffering today.
I'm sorry. I should have loaded this in advance.
Advance again.
It's because I missed the cue sound.
Anyway, I'll do it.
Here it is. It's coming up.
That should be enough for people to get what the game is.
All right. What is it, Darkseid?
It's Super Gem Fighter Mini Mix, also known in the US as Super Pocket Fighter 2 Turbo.
Also known as we had all these art assets from Puzzle Fighter.
We needed to make another game out of it.
Well, Matt, I think this came out around the same time. It came out in 97.
It was a CPS2 arcade machine.
And it came out on the PlayStation, which kept the Pocket Fighter title for the American and European release.
It came out on the Wonderswan, the Sega Saturn, and the PS2 as part of Street Fighter Alpha Anthology.
It's basically got all these characters in Super Deformed.
And they beat the crap out of each other using very cutesy attacks.
It also has characters from Street Fighter Alpha, Darkstalker, Street Fighter 3, and from Red Earth.
That game is totally on my list of CPS3 games that I want to play.
I've never gotten to play a copy of that.
It also has just a whole ton of different characters that make appearances throughout the game.
You know, just little cameos.
So basically it's standard fighting.
And they have power-ups that match the characters that actually came from Red Earth, that system.
And then little orbs that you can catch that are thrown as your opponent to basically mimic the elemental hits in Darkstalkers.
So you can turn people to stone. You can freeze them.
And then you start with one of each of those.
You have two bars and three sub-bars.
You have a life bar and a super bar.
And then you have your mighty combo, which I always laughed at that.
Your sub-bars are basically your level of your special moves.
And your levels correspond to different colors.
So some people have extras, some don't.
But basically every time you hit a character, gems pop out.
And then you pick up the gems to power up.
So that's where it gets gem-biter from.
And basically four buttons.
Punch, kick, special, taunt.
Which taunt is of course the best thing ever.
So anyway, you also have flash combos or costume combos.
Where if you press a combination of punch or kick buttons after striking the opponent with a punch button,
then they actually will change into different costumes during the sequence, except for you.
And has a very different strong attack at the end.
Here are some examples.
Chilly turns into Jill Valentine from Resident Evil.
Felicia turns into Mega Man.
And I remember Ibuki had her little schoolgirl outfit and all of that.
So the characters in the game, you have Ryu.
You have Ken, you have Zangief, you have Chun-Li, you have Sakura and Ibuki, all from the Street Fighter series.
You have Morigen, Sienkou, or Lele as she was in Japan, and Felicia.
And then you have Tessa in Japan, who is also in Japan.
Tabasa, which I think was supposed to be Tabitha, but why didn't they just call her Tabitha over here?
I don't know.
And she's the only Red Earth character in the game.
You also have secret characters.
You have Gohki, or Akuma, and he's very powerful.
And then you have Dan.
And basically his story is probably the most hilarious one.
He's looking for students, he's looking for students, he's looking for students.
He's looking for students to start a school, so he's trying to get Sakura to be his student.
But she left the school after three days and wrote him a letter saying that she's already mastered everything that he could teach her,
and that his moves are worthless in a fight, and she calls him a loser.
And he cries.
And I think all he knocks out are gems of the same color, I want to say.
Or maybe that's in Puzzle Fighter, when all he drops are red gems.
Anyway.
It is just a fun little game. It's one of my favorite fighting games of all time, and it's just completely cracked out.
I don't know if I've played this game an awful lot. I think I've played it like once.
Oh, I see. There's the little part where she turned into Jill Valentine, and then of course the video buffered, but oh well.
Yeah, so that's the game.
Nice. So there it is, your classic game of the week, Pocket Fighter.
Which I've got two copies of. On different systems, on different systems.
As part of your collection that you counted up this week.
But my favorite to play is on Saturn.

Because it's awesome with the Saturn controller.
And that's it.
Not that, sorry. I was trying to load something else that's coming up later in the show.
Live radio, isn't it a blast?
Alright. We are going to take a break, guys, but don't go anywhere. We've got plenty more show to come.
The Frugal Question of the Week coming up when we get back, as well as some rapid fire news and movie and gaming news.
And this one sounds like it could be pretty cool.
We'll see you when we get back in a few minutes with more of Orange Lounge Radio. Don't go anywhere.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio.
Live with our 492nd episode in progress here, as we go into the second half of the show.
February the 10th of 2013. And boy, the internet's having some lols tonight. I don't know if it's the snowstorms back east or what.
But yeah, we were having some problems playing off YouTube earlier.
And Twitter's all clogged up with crap on the Grammys. Should I blame the Grammys for this?
I blame the Grammys for everything.
I see all these people posting status updates about the Grammys and I'm just like judging you all.
Because the Grammys aren't even that good.
But whatever. People feel the need to watch it for whatever reason.
The Walking Dead stuff I get. Unless people are spoiling it. In which case, you're an asshole.
You shouldn't spoil TV shows like that.
But now what do you do now that we have shows like, what's that called? That House of Cards? It's on Netflix.
Where it's like, they just released the whole show at once. So go watch all 10 episodes or whatever.
It kind of breaks the conventional weekly shows. So how do you not spoil something that you could have just blown through on a weekend?
I don't know how you do it with movies.
I guess that's true. It's like a really long movie. It's a miniseries.
It's like a Lord of the Rings extended cut.
Exactly, right?
Anyhow, let us move on with some rapid fire news.
Alright.
Let's see.
Ninja Gaiden 3, Razor's Edge. Remember that Wii exclusive game?
Yeah, it's not a Wii exclusive anymore.
This is actually kind of interesting because remember the Wii version was actually published by Nintendo.
However, they will be coming to Xbox 360 and Playstation 3 April 2nd.
And it's being published of course by Tecmo Koei.
And yeah, so they're going to have all that additional stuff in there.
I guess kind of think of it like a Game of the Year edition except your game didn't win Game of the Year.
Re-release of the cheaper version edition with extra stuff in it.
So yeah, not so much of that exclusiveness anymore.
We may have a glimpse of one of the first next gen games.
The Witcher 3, Wild Hunt, which I got to be honest looks a lot like Monster Hunter, but whatever.
It's going to be the cover of the next Game Informer and it is also a next gen title they announced.
Especially running on CD Projekt's Red Engine 3, which I guess will be used for that game.
I don't know if that's going to be the same engine that they're going to run on.
The, what was it, Cyberpunk or whatever.
But apparently the game is supposed to be open world.
It's going to be, I guess, I think you could say the world is going to be larger than Skyrim.
And larger than any of the environments featured in the first two Witcher games.
And it looks pretty.
I don't know if I'm a huge fan of the subtitle Wild Hunt, but it could be a cool game.
And it's due out in 2014.
They say for PC and high end platforms, or next gen consoles obviously.
So that's always an option.
And last but not least, one of the news announcements while we're out was Grand Theft Auto 5 was delayed to September.
Kind of something that I alluded to I think the last time we talked maybe.
That Grand Theft Auto they were looking at to see if it was ready.
And if it was ready it was going to be coming out at the end of May.
If not, it's going to be pushed and it got pushed.
I've had some people ask me on Twitter, Loki, so how are you doing with all this news?
How are you coping?
Are you okay?
One day at a time.
We honestly didn't know what we were going to do as far as like...
Because it was kind of like, oh, we'll play Modern Warfare 3 for a while and then by the time we're getting bored of it we'll have Grand Theft Auto 5.
And now it's delayed another potentially four months from when we were expecting it.
We're like, I don't know what we're going to do now.
It was tough.
But obviously it's for polish.
Some people were like, oh, they're delaying it so they can get our next gen consoles.
Dad, your next gen consoles are coming out in September.
No, no, that's stupid.
And they even said, you know, basically to those of you who were seeing various conspiracy theories about there being some other ulterior motive for this delay, rest assured they're all nonsense.
Literally the only reason we delayed the release is because we want the game to be as good as it needs to be.
Just throwing it out there, could it be too late?
Because sometimes when games come out too close to another system being launched, they get cannibalized a little bit.

Grand Theft Auto 5 is too big for that?
No, it's too big for that.
I always kind of say that's why people missed Final Fantasy XII because it kind of landed in a scenario like that.
I think if anything, if you think about it, it could cannibalize the sales of the next gen consoles because look at it.
Like if they don't have a strong lineup for the next gen consoles, they'd be like, well, I don't need to buy a new Xbox.
I can just have a regular Xbox 360 and play Grand Theft Auto 5 that just came out or the next Assassin's Creed game or, you know, all these big titles that are coming out in the fall.
Some folks in the chat room saying Grand Theft Auto 6 on the next gen consoles.
I can't even fathom what that would be like, but yes.
If they sell.
Well, how about some more classic stuff? Another old school gaming compilation announced this past week, PlayStation Home Arcade.
It's something available on the Vita.
What happens is that you can buy these arcade games that you can play on the Vita and then you also get them in your PlayStation Home in those little cabinets.
And some of the games that are actually free are things that you see free in PlayStation Home.
Like what is the Icebreaker or something like that? I don't know what it's called.
But there's some other like actual classic games that are a part of this, including Time Pilot, Asteroids, Centipede, and yes, Loki, Frogger.
A couple of television games in there too, Shark Shark and Astro Smash, which I thought was interesting.
Do you have to wait in line to play those games on?
Not on your Vita.
Can I play on roller skates?
And the privacy of your own home.
For the record, playing Frogger on roller skates is difficult.
You will not think it is.
Playing Spy Hunter on roller skates was awesome.
And yes, they did have a Spy Hunter machine at the roller rink when I was growing up.
Why? I don't know.
The roller rink that I used to go to still had their Frogger when I went back like 10 years ago.
What if PlayStation Home is the next gen console? It's like, this is PlayStation Home. It's in your home.
Okay, now you're trolling.
Alright, next up. Another rumor, folks. We love our rumors, don't we?
This one's about Sonic, and apparently the next Sonic game to be announced is supposed to be Sonic Adventure 3.
Hmm. Apparently there were some registered domains back in July, and people were speculating on this.
But apparently, I don't know what this latest rumor is that's going on, but the game was going to be revealed for current gen and next gen platforms on February 2nd and 3rd.
That never actually happened, though. This is all, of course, internet speculation, but, I mean, Sonic Adventure 3 sounds probable, doesn't it?
It sounds like it has a good enough chance as any of the other Sonic games that they put out, in which case it's like a coin toss, whether it'll do well.
Who remembers a classic arcade game by Capcom called Gunsmoke?
Didn't I do it in a classic game?
Maybe. I don't remember. Hopefully.
Or as one of my favorite video review shows calls it, Gun.Smoke?
Yeah, Gun.Smoke. Yeah, because not to be confused with the TV show Gunsmoke. It had nothing to do with that.
But Gun.Smoke had a freeware remake done of it, which I'm sure was not legal at all, but, well, somebody did their own little remake.
They wanted to keep the NES port of the version intact. They didn't want to rip the assets from the arcade game or whatever.
They played the original a whole bunch of times trying to make it just perfect, and there's a whole little, again, here I go playing a YouTube, but hopefully this one will actually work.
Not bad. Looks pretty spot on to me. That's what I remember from the NES one.
Oh man, I love the boss that throws all the bombs and then he loses his pants.
What I remember about the NES one, though, was the slow-mo, because you could hit start over and over again and make it run in that slow-mo mode, and even the NES Advantage had that little button on it that was just, hit start as fast as you can.
Hey, bullet time before bullet time.
That's the only way you could beat Gun.Smoke, by the way. Unless you're Dan or something.
Oh, my man. He is so awesome.
So, was that your series?
Well, Bethesda put out an announcement that the Rage, the official toolkit for Rage is out on Steam, and it's going to be 35 plus gigabytes.
Well, actually, no, it's out, but to quote John Carmack, he's saying the toolkit release is not something that we consider consumer friendly, but it does let you get a good look inside the construction process.
So, pretty cool, huh?
Also, EA has zero intention of patching a loot exploit in Dead Space 3.
Basically, it lets you pretty much farm for resources that would cost you currency and microtransactions, and EA is saying, okay, go for it. We don't care.
The microtransactions are just convenience.
And when I saw this, thank you Catastrophic Moggy for giving me this link when we had our lovely, for me, 3 a.m. chat, but Farmville is going to have an animated series out done by Brett Ratner.
You know what else he's given us? X-Men Last Stand, That Turd.
Rush Hour movies, I think were him.
Red Dragon.
So, yeah, and actually...
This sounds like terrible fan rumor stuff, so I hope that's what it is.
According to the Wall Street Journal, it will be produced by Ratner in association with 611 Media, a Canadian television company.
And other producers are Kirk Schenk, Charles Bishop, and Nina Gelb.
Did you say the Canadian television company?

Well, when somebody asked me, what about all the bad things Canada did, I will remember this one.
But I can always forgive Canada.
I know, they did give us You Can't Do That on television.
For two reasons.
Rush.
That's true.
Because Neil Peart is the best drummer in the universe.
And I do love Misa Milanis, Haters Gonna Hate.
And Canada's Rush Driver. Seriously, watch it on YouTube. The show is awesome.
And I'm going to give a pre-emptive F you to the people who won season 8, just saying you guys don't need to be driving.
That's it.
Alright, let's move on to the Frugal Question of the Week. We got a ton of responses this week on the Frugal Question of the Week.
Which is great. We love hearing from all of our listeners.
But yes, the Frugal Question of the Week.
Take Facebook and Google and smash those words together, you get Frugal.
And we ask a question of our fan communities each week.
You guys give us answers and we read some of them on the show.
I am not going to be able to read them all tonight.
You guys were too good this week.
So please visit our fan communities at Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio and Google Plus to see the answers in their entirety.
We'll start with Google Plus once I, of course, tell you the question.
It's a short one tonight, but a good one.
I think we've all heard the rumor about the next Xbox blocking used games.
Do you believe this rumor could be true?
For that matter, how much do you tend to believe industry rumors?
We get a lot of rumors. How do you feel about this one and do rumors carry a lot of weight with you?
Over on Google Plus, Tech EQ says, my stance on game industry rumors has to be to take them with a grain of salt.
This leads to less heartache if a particular rumor doesn't come true or vice versa.
Isn't that the truth? There's already people saying I'm not going to buy the next console based on rumors alone.
It's a little early to call that, don't you think?
I think that's also kind of going back to what we were talking about in part A where, you know,
Rayman Legends and how all the fans are pissed off about it right now.
Come September they're going to just buy the game anyways.
E3VL or Evil says on Google Plus, sources are barely creditable these days.
Seeing the internet being first on a news site is better than having long wait times to confirm information when it comes to rumors and speculation.
If anyone tries to discredit the website later down the line, they can label the article as,
it was just a rumor, as if it was some magical phrase to get them out of the situation.
So, you know, one of those whole, it's become about hits, hits, hits.
And certainly the ESA only fosters that attitude when it's all about the hits to get your site validated by them.
So you may be blessed by the ESA Pope to go to E3.
The ESA Pope.
Well, that's what it is. You have to email the ESA Pope and say, please, I would like to be blessed to go to your E3 event.
And then they judge, you are, you stand in front of the gates and your website is judged.
How many hits did you accumulate in December of last year and ye are worthy or no reply?
Now I'm picturing what his Pope mobile looks like, you know, with the glass and probably pulled by light cycles.
Yes. I actually envisioned that the ESA Pope is basically Dame Edna.
Yes, it's Dame Edna.
Why hello my puppets. Oh, it's Orange Lounge Radio is applying to go to E3. Who are they?
What does Orange Lounge have to do with a video game?
By the way, you mentioned Dame Edna. You know what I found the other day?
The picture I did for Xtaphir of Dame Edna saying pandarens.
Random.
No game or, you know, video in their title.
Gamer tag radio. I've never heard of you.
Anyhow, moving on. That's a Twitter joke, by the way. He'll appreciate that joke. I know.
Moving on, going to Facebook and talking about rumors over there.
Critical Myth from our friends over at the Critical Myth show, Monday, Wednesday, Fridays here on VOG.
Critical Myth says, I think they will attempt it, talking about the Xbox use game thing,
and have some way of linking a game to your Xbox Live account.
But I also think that they will come to an agreement with the evil G and other used game outlets to make the online pass concept into a game unlock fee.
So basically you buy it new, no fee, get it used, pay to play.
What do you think about the whole unlock fee?
It's money grubbing because all the excuses that they were saying before that, oh, it's gonna be, you know, all the developers lose all their money.
Developers aren't getting paid for that anyways. I mean, you pay the developer and they may have commissions or whatever based on it,
but when they're being sold to, you know, distributors or retailers or whatever, it doesn't matter if they sell through.
It's just, you're gonna put them out of business if you get rid of used games, because that's how they make their money,
because your margins in your games are terrible.
Unless all of a sudden they start giving, you know, retailers way better costs on goods,
then that's the only thing that's gonna really drive new games, because if it becomes more profitable to sell a new title than it does used,
then they're gonna, you know, go that route.
Brandon C. on Facebook five hours ago was saying something we brought up here on the show.
The only way to enforce it would be some sort of always online requirement and Sony and Microsoft coming together to make it happen.
There's no way Microsoft would block used games without Sony agreeing to do the same.
So, funny enough, that point I brought up earlier with the...
The new axis of evil, huh?
Yeah. Red the Haze replies in part,
I think people are overreacting to the news because everyone's excited for the new generation and any information,
even rumors, are given a lot of attention.
Gamers should just shut up and finish their backlogs already.
Yeah. Shut up and go eat your backlog.
No dessert for you. That's actually really good advice.
Kids in China have no backlog.
I made Bob turn red. That was awesome.
Well, that was a witty retort. It's very true.
Let's see. Gary Baxter on Facebook replies,
I take everything I hear with a grain of salt until someone with real pull in the company confirms it.
However, this does sound like Microsoft would do to get more sales on titles that most people would wait and pick up used from the evil G or a pawn shop.
But until an official spokesperson says yea or nay, all we can do is wait.
Let's see. VX Jason XV says, it already happened. Hello, non-code based digital downloads.
Industry rumors are silly. Peers spin in exactly the same way as positive announcements, but are often able to be traced back to something specific.
One more here from Dark Charger.
It wouldn't be all that surprising. Online passes were already signs of things to come.
The next generation is bound to do even more to cripple our out and out eliminate the used market as we know it.
The key we'll really boil down to is implementation. If it's clunky, inconvenient, or overly restrictive, it's going to be a non-starter.
While these are still unsubstantiated rumors, I could totally see a future where all game purchases are tied to a user account or gamertag via a key that ships with a disk or linked via digital download.
Good thought. We didn't even name before, which I'm sure we've all got to be thinking about, but what if your Xbox has to be always online?
Xbox Live goes down sometimes. Look at tonight. We've got those snowstorms going on that are knocking things out.
What if the internet was too choppy and you couldn't maintain your connection? Are you just hosed? Screw you and your $60 game?
Shouldn't they learn from Ubisoft that tried to do this shit with their DRM and how well that worked?
Honestly, I don't think it's going to work because we don't have the infrastructure in place to where that's a guarantee that you're going to have an internet connection.
I just don't see that that would be a viable option.
Now, granted, they could try crazy things if they want, but it doesn't mean it's going to work.
Alright, I'm going to read one more answer. I was going to end it there, but I've got to do this one last answer because I think this is pretty good.
I think they're all good, but this one kind of brings up a different point here I want to read.
It's SSJ100Matt on Facebook.
I'm going to put the tinfoil hat on and say, I believe it, only because I think that Microsoft purposely leaked this rumor to gauge the community's reaction and plan their approach from there.
I've got to stop there. What did they think was going to happen?
Oh, yes, the community is going to love this. I mean, really?
The problem with if you're going to gauge interest is there's no upside to that.
Oh, we're going to get rid of your ability to play used games.
Hooray!
If it was like, we're going to get rid of the ability for you to play used games, but all the games that are going to retail for $20 cheaper than they were now, then that would be okay.
I'm okay with not being able to play used games, but I can get my games cheaper at launch. I'm fine with that.
Yes, yes, actually, yes. I would be totally okay with all of this if all games were $19.99.
Think about it. Would suddenly this not be such bad news if games weren't $60 anymore? What if Halo 5 was $20?
Yeah, that's not a big deal.
It's not a big deal, is it? Okay, yeah, you're right. Take away my ability to play used games. If you're willing to put that commitment in, so am I.
I usually don't buy games until they drop down that low now.
Anyhow, continuing on with the comment here. I think Microsoft has seen enough from companies like EA where they seem to have gotten away with charging for passes for online play in their games.
I think it's only a matter of time before we see console makers doing this, but I anticipate Microsoft coming up with a creative way to charge for it.
Perhaps they can bundle it with your yearly Xbox Live fee, like a diamond club that pays for unlimited use of used or borrowed games in exchange for discounts or specials on the Xbox Live Marketplace, much like PlayStation Plus.
That way, they'll still get money, encourage gamers to spend more money in the marketplace, and make people like they're not getting charged a second or third time for the same game.
Just a thought, but at Microsoft, if you're listening and like that idea, call me. Oh, that's an ugly idea.
To the guy sitting in the boardroom, that's a beautiful idea, but that is an ugly idea, and I'm almost a little ashamed that I read it.
Think about what he's saying. Yes, it blocks out used games, but if you're an Xbox Live diamond member, that restriction is lifted.
That is ugly.
That would come back to bite him in the ass so fast. It's not even funny.
Oh, God.
Plus, it wouldn't surprise me if they've already thought of it.
Can't you kinda see it?
Can't you kinda see it?
It's almost worse than just blocking.
It is almost.
Talk about like...
Well, let's just...
I feel dirty. I need to bathe after reading that.
Here's the thing, and I don't think this is one of the stories we're covering, but the other day, Sony's stock price went down 10%.
They can't make these really crazy decisions to pull this kind of crap on their consumer. They have to play it safe.
I think the same with Microsoft is they have to play it safe, too. I don't think that they can get rid of used game sales that way, because that's...
Seriously, it's a gamble, because unless both of them are doing it, then...
And I still think even if Nintendo would have to do it, too.
And also the fact that you have to completely forget the fact that there's all these older consoles out there.
Game Guru in chat sums it up perfectly.
Live.vognetwork.com. Game Guru says,
So I have to pay $60 a year to not only play games online, but to play used games. Fuck that shit. Fuck that shit.
My SNES is looking better than mine.
Well, you said $60 a year, because $60 a year is for gold.
Why stop at $60? This is the diamond plan. Maybe they'll throw in a free movie.
Free rental on Xbox movies.
Free rental on an Xbox movie. Oh, I feel dirty. Thank you, Frugal Question of the Week.
You get your honorary member card along with a bottle of lube and commemorate the Xbox.
And, you know, if you get the diamond plan, then they'll throw in a wedge for you to bend over.
Suddenly that name of Xbox lube sounds more and more appropriate, because if y'all are buying it, you better lube yourself up.
It's going the route of Sony. It's Latin. It's lube.
I like that name even better. The Xbox lube.
Alright, let's get into some real news. Let's stop all this wank and get into, oh, other wank about movies and stuff, right, Loki?
Yeah, so let's talk about shit that's never gonna happen while I'm still alive.
So Valve's looking to make a Portal or Half-Life movie with J.J. Abrams. Yeah, that's right.
So J.J. Abrams says, we're gonna try to figure out if we can make a Half-Life or a Portal movie together, basically said Gabe Newell.
And I guess they've, I don't know, no timetable's been talked about or anything.
And let's put it this way, we're not gonna see this anytime soon.
I mean, I think we'll see Half-Life 3 before we'll see a Portal movie and Half-Life movie.
It would be awesome, but also consider the fact that, you know, J.J. Abrams is a little busy right now.
He's got a Star Trek movie coming out and Star Wars movie he's working on, so.
How much lens flare will this one have?
An amazing amount of lens flare. It'll be crazy, especially with those Portals being all shiny and everything.
There's a lot of lens flare to be had there.
The potential is staggering.
Yes. So of course, you know, brief announcement, enough to tease people.
No, they're not gonna give anybody any sort of release dates because they would only have to delay them indefinitely like they do with Half-Life 3.
You guys, what if Half-Life 3 is a movie? That's it. That's the catch.
What if they're already like movies anyway with just some gameplay thrown in here and there?
What if the source code for Half-Life 3 has been hidden in all the other Valve games that they put out in some secret encrypted code and then if you decrypt it all and put it together you can play Half-Life 3.
It's been in front of your eyes the whole time and he's just laughing maniacally.
New ARG, new ARG.
Isn't J.J. Abrams kind of busy though? Like, you know, Star Wars, it's kind of a big deal.
I know he's signed on for the next movie, but isn't that gonna be like the next trilogy? I mean, because that could take a long time.
Are they just gonna say fuck you to all the books?
Yes, they are saying fuck you to all the books, which I'm totally okay with.
I'm totally okay with after like the first seven of them.
Can you imagine trying to keep everything in line with how many books there are? It'd just be insane.
No, it's not gonna be, it's gonna be a totally new thing and I'm okay with that.
J.J. Abrams I believe is only on board to direct episode seven, which is okay because four, five, and six had different directors too.
So, Lucas did the first one but he didn't do five and six.
I will never, ever recognize the quote, first three quote as being canon.
No one will, honey. Nobody will.
That's alright, for number eight and nine they've got Brett Ratner and Joel Schumacher.
God, I hell.
There'll be nipples on everybody.
No, it's um, fuck what's his name, Ewey Bowl.
Oh god.
I'm gonna make it a zombie movie that's gonna be steampunk and...
And Arnold Schwarzenegger's in it.
Everybody freeze. Everybody chill.
I am your grandfather.
Can you feel the ice?
You know, I still have a lot of Arnold movies to catch up on and I'm sorry, I don't care how terrible the movie...
That new one flopped.
That's fine because people are setting their expectations too high. It's a popcorn movie, okay?
Was really like commando that deep of a movie? I mean, come on.
Being the governor of California wasn't the best career choice for Arnold Schwarzenegger, let's be real.
It seemed like a noble thing to do.
Dude, he gives tank rights to the press.
I watched a video on that. That's awesome.
And he has his own tank that he drives around.
Because, you know what, when he was in the military, he was a tank driver. So that's pretty awesome.
Uh, Black Wolf in chat says, Star Wars Episode VIII Explosions directed by Michael Bay.
Is Michael Bay the director of Independence Day or is that Roland Emmerich?
That's Roland Emmerich.
That's who needs to direct.
Bad Boys would be. You know what?
I'm sorry, Independence Day is one of those movies that only gets better with time.
Have you? Now, did you watch 2012?
Uh, no. I've only seen clips of it.
It's a long ass movie, but...
You know what movie I did see was The Day After Tomorrow, where they're literally running after ice.
It's almost like The Happening. They're running after wind.
You know what? I flipped a table when they were running toward the little fire in the building, the fireplace.
I just flipped my table.
You have to seriously watch 2012 because they escaped from an earthquake via plane two or three times.
It's like the same scene. It's like, didn't we just do this?
I mean, how would, what's going on?
Black Wolf and Chat says, fun fact, Independence Day's original script was Stargate 2.
I have heard that before too, that Independence Day started as Stargate 2.
I can see that.
It makes sense. It does.
I mean, obviously it changed a lot, but...
You know, there was also, I think, something in the original script that explained why the Apple thing worked.
Why they were able to hack it with Mac is that they had already been working on breaking down the code on the one ship that they had.
They had, like, all the stuff written out.
Why are people trying to explain the logic in the movie? I mean, that's...
Well, the thing is, they had it explained.
I just remember sitting there in the theater when they first showed the preview and the aliens...
Like, you know, how old were we all when that movie came out? Well, you would have been a little younger.
I was in college the first time.
I saw that every day. The second, the third, and the fourth.
It's like every day of the movie, it was just like, okay, we're on the second.
Okay, we're on the third. We're on the fourth.
We're going to be an alien every single day.
Remember, though, when that trailer first came out with the alien ship came out and it blew up the White House and everybody's like, fuck yeah!
Like, I remember that to this day. Everybody's sitting there in the theater going, fuck yeah!
I have to say, though, for as crappy as that movie was, they did actually do a few cinemagraphic innovations.
Too bad it didn't help the rainings.
TigerKlonChat saying, I read the director wants to make Independence Day 2 and 3 at some point.
I think it's a little long from that right now.
God can only hope. Do you remember what else?
What if they have what's-his-face?
I know this is not a tangent you all asked for, but it's Orange Lawn's radio, people.
Do you know what made the movie Independence Day? Do you know what made that fucking movie?
The dog surviving?
Harvey Fierstein is in Independence Day.
Oh, God, I've got to call my mother.
I know!
I loved him.
Best choice of casting ever.
I just like how they were advertising, you don't know who's going to die.
And I pretty much pegged everyone who was going to die in that movie.
Oh, you're looking.
Oh, crap.
Let's see. I'm trying to find a clip. I can't find one.
Oh, here we go. Here we go. There's at least this one little clip. Here we go. Here we go.
Oh, crap.
I love him.
I love him.
I think I remember from that, you know, was it residents of L.A. are being warned not to fire or was it like or use their firearms at the alien spacecraft or discharge their firearms at the aliens?
Yes. Yes. No warning.
What up? G said he said forget his lawyer. That's right.
I got to call my mother and I got to call my lawyer. I forget my lawyer.
All right. We got to move.
So they can have like RuPaul in the next one.
And to answer Dungeon Bester, no, I do not have the Independence Day game. It is not anywhere at all in the collection.
Aliens are coming to us from Mars. Well, they need to sashay away.
Is that a dragon?
RuPaul being in. Oh, forget it.
Dark Sakura, you need to sissy that walk. All right.
All right. Moving on.
Is it finally my turn? Because, fuck.
No, I have to talk about Skylanders.
Who are we even talking about?
Movies. Oh, that's right.
J.J. Abrams somehow.
Thank you, J.J. Abrams, for derailing the show in an epic manner.
Now here's a lens flare for you.
Ah, blind.
Skylanders. Hey, what a great way to follow up a Harvey Fierstein story than talking about Skylanders.
Skylanders Swap Force is coming out. You swap them. 16 special figures with torsos and bottom hats.
You have to do the accent for the whole thing.
No. You link the two pieces together. You can combine the pieces in different ways.
So it's like, oh, God, a whole new collection crap. Now you've got to collect heads and feet instead of just, you know, the figures themselves.
You can mix and match. Although, in theory, it's a neat way to evolve the concept, I guess, for what it's worth.
It's also going to make you buy a brand new portal because the old portal is not compatible with the new characters.
Oh, bastards. Bastards.
That's an $80 purchase right there, buddy.
It's also being done by Vicarious Visions. It is not being done by Toys for Bob, who did the original Toys for Bob coming up with a new money-making scheme right now.
All they're doing is putting out new characters because there is a thing. They made tons of money.
Xbox 360, PS3, Wii U, Wii, and 3DS. Interesting that it's on Wii U and Wii.
The Wii version being done by Binox, 3DS by N-Space because they've been contracted out because they don't care.
They know that people buy the characters. They don't care about the game. They just want people to buy characters.
And if you think Skylanders isn't a thing, like that people are making too big of a deal out of Skylanders, you're probably right.
But the reality is, walking to Target or Best Buy, like I was at Best Buy last night because, I don't know, we were like, oh yeah, you can actually get those K-Cup coffee things pretty cheap at Best Buy.
That's what we were there for.
Go to Marshalls.
There was an aisle in the video game section, an entire aisle dedicated to Skylanders. It'll blow your mind.
Soon, of course, Disney Infinity and all this other stuff will be competing with it, but my God.
Disney Infinity, can you imagine compared to the Skylanders stuff? They're going to have so much.
Entire stores. Anyway, Activision on their earnings call announced 100 million Skylanders toys have been sold.
Wow. Oh, I'm sorry, that was actually from their press conference at Toy Fair 2013. Excuse me, not from the earnings call.
But yeah, 500 million in sales in the US alone, 195 million of that from Skylanders Giants.
It's a thing, like it or not, it's a thing.
Yeah, it's because people will blindly collect those toys.
And now that they have to buy new characters and version 3s of their characters.
Honestly, if I were 8, I'd want it to. I mean, I'm trying to put it in that perspective, is that it's easy for me to sit here and laugh at it.
But whoever fucking thought of this is a genius. And if I was a kid, I would fucking want it.
But I got to wonder what's going to happen when Infinity comes out, because that's going to cut them off at the knees, I think.
I did see the trailer for that and I liked it.
Well, they're all going to, I mean, it's not going to end there.
Wait, you don't think Nintendo wants that near field communication shit to work so they can bring on the fucking Pokemon?
They've talked about that before. That's all Nintendo has to fucking do, is announce Pokemon for Wii U with actual Pokemon.
You will collect them all. You will collect them all.
Each character is going to be $10.
Nintendo's got a lot of stuff they could whip out and put on the table if they wanted to. Believe me.
Talk about needing lube.
When they whip that out.
Is your body ready for this, bitch?
Alright, moving on, Dark Sakura.
By the way, Rob, did you see my suggestion in chat?
No.
Mr. Spanky needs a New York Jewish cousin named Harvey Spanklestock.
He understands the Mr. Spanky joke anymore. That's the problem.
There's people who get it?
Like four or five.
I miss Mr. Spanky, Rob.
Because DDR is not on PC anymore.
I know. How old is DDR PC these days?
Good lord.
I could probably find it on abandonware sites. That's how old DDR PC is.
You could probably find it unwrapped and boxed in my house. I mean, wrapped and boxed in my house, which is true.
So, speaking of Konami, how's that?
Anyway, the UK studio dude, David Cox, said that they want to consider putting out Castlevania Mirror of Fate on HD platforms.
The game is coming out on the 5th in the US for the 3DS.
But he said that the whole game is actually already done in high def.
That they actually shrunk it and removed bones and changed animations to make it DS sized, or 3DS sized.
So, yeah, in fact, the quote right here is, at Mercury S-Team we have an HD version of the game sitting there in a computer somewhere.
So, I mean, I guess all the other Castlevania games have sold very well, but the cover art is really pretty.
But I'm really not sure how well it's going to sell.
I mean, maybe it will. It's a Castlevania game.
Hard to go wrong there. Sorry, Castlevania 64.
I could see them doing something like this for maybe a Nintendo console, because it's a 3DS game.
Maybe, hey, there's a perfect Wii U tie-in right there.
There you go.
You can have that little Metroidvania map on your little Wii U.
Did they say this is another Metroidvania style one?
Oh, I don't know. I'm just making that up.
It's sort of like a port of Lords of Shadows, so it's a hack and slash.
God of Belmont.
Pretty much, yeah.
Whip of War.
Can't even follow those anymore.
Moving on.
I wouldn't buy it, by the way.
So Atari, of course, not doing that great.
We've heard that they were talking about declaring bankruptcy and stuff, so they did that.
And the U.S. branch of Atari, they closed, I guess, $2 million in debt or in possession financing.
And also, I guess, they're supposed to be expecting some other money coming in.
But right now, they're looking at, I guess, restructuring.
And with that, probably going to be selling off assets and properties, including all your favorite Atari franchises.
So I'm guessing that they're going to basically be selling off this stuff and still sticking around to make new things?
Or are they just going to go away?
That's the only thing I didn't understand about it.
So yeah, you can possibly buy Pong, combat, all that fun stuff.
You know what somebody needs to buy is Sword Quest and do something with that. Remember Sword Quest?

Nope. Oh, it was an Atari 2600 series that never finished, but the games were so hard.
They were doing a real contest to give away these real swords and crowns and shit that were valued at all, this money back in the 80s.
And I think Earthworld, Fireworld, and Waterworld all came out, but the last one, Airworld, never did.
And I think Waterworld was right at the death stroke of Atari, so I think it's one of those hard to find cartridges.
Yeah, anyway, sorry, I'm just thinking of all these obscure Atari franchises people ought to gobble up. Anyhow.
New Marvel Madness, please.
Right? Like 720.
Alright, moving on. One place that would not be selling these Atari remake games if things keep going the way they're going is HMV.
Not a chain I've heard of, but I think these are big over in the UK, or at least bigger than they are here.
I think they're only in the UK.
Are they? I want to say I've heard the name before, but maybe because they partner with somebody over here, I don't know.
But anyway, HMV, this does affect the UK mostly, which has had a lot of bad news when it comes to game retailers lately.
Closing 66 of their 220 stores, which means 930 people out of a job as a result. Really a bummer.
These stores closing in the next one or two months.
A quote from joint administrator Nick Edwards.
This step has been taken in order to enhance the prospects of securing the business's future as a going concern.
We continue to receive strong support from staff and are extremely grateful to them for their commitment during an understandably difficult period.
All other key stakeholders remain very supportive and I continue to be hopeful of securing a future for the restructure business.
So hopefully closing these stores will allow the rest of them to get stronger, we'll see.
But I know over here in the US, Blockbuster, I didn't even realize they still had as many stores as they did, but they're closing a lot more.
The one in Thomas, I think, just started their big sale.
Yeah, and remember when Blockbusters used to be on every corner and now it's like, wow.
Down the 500 and down the 500 in the UK too.
Can you imagine when we get to the point where GameStop will do that? Because there's a lot of GameStops out there.

Yeah, some of them are already starting to close.
Getting pretty crazy.
So anyway, our thoughts to those that were impacted by jobs, hopefully something, a similar retail operation will come to take their place, we will hope.
Anyhow, let's move on and get into some listener feedback in the form of emails.
Every week you guys email us.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com and we sort through the spam and find the emails that were actually from legit listeners.
And we read some of our favorites here on the program. DarkSakura, pick some out and read them for us.
Okay, well I will go with the oldest to newest because we got two weeks worth of emails.
This one, well I didn't put a nickname on it so I'm just, oh no, it's Honey Badger.
Hi guys, this is...
Honey Badger don't take shit from no one.
This is Sam, aka Honey Badger on Steam. I am ecstatic to hear the positive views on PC gaming.
The largest complaint and truth I hear from console gamers is instability with games on PC because it's up to the end user to set the graphics options.
Of course, if you go over the top with graphics levels your video card can't handle, you get instability.
Nvidia has looked into this and will be releasing a tool that analyzes your specs and has them set per game configuration that will give you the best performance and visual appeal.
Thanks for this show, I hope to see you on Steam.
PS, I want to add Rob and Loki on Steam if that's possible.
We have an Orange Launch Radio community on Steam. You can have lots of people that listen to the show and yes, we're in there too.
Just look on me and link from there.
Yes, O.L. Army I think it's called. There are Orange Launch Radio fans and there's a VoG network one. I really should be pimping that one because we want to, you know, all the VoG people, but join them both.
Our VoGies?
Yes, do we have a name for the VoG listeners?
VoGlets.
VoGlets, VoGlets, our little VoGlets.
We can have a VoG house.
But anyhow, join those communities and yes, Loki and I are in there. And of course, PC gaming, it's a part of gaming and sometimes we, I mean honestly, I play games on my PC more than anything else because World of Warcraft is on PC.
And there's a lot of stuff you can't deny and especially is great on PC like Path of Exile I talked about earlier, you're just not going to see that on consoles.
I've gotten to where I really prefer Dragon Age 2 on PC because of the whole tap and auto attack. The fact that I don't have to map certain attacks just to my trigger buttons, I can actually map them onto my number pad.
And that's not to say I dislike consoles because certainly I love consoles too. I own them all and there's certain things that consoles do that PCs don't do well when it comes to the optimization and so forth.
So you know what, there's room for both though. I think most people, despite the whole console versus PC wars, most people probably play on both no matter what they say.
Although, Mass Effect series, much better on PC.
Whatever, alright. The other thing I wanted to throw out there, the optimization thing, I can't believe something like that doesn't already exist.
Like it's one of those things, he explains it and I think, God, why isn't that already out there? It's a great idea.
Do you know what we used to do to test our graphics capabilities? We used to use the Final Fantasy XI graphics test.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
And that was pretty cute and it was a neat way of...



We used to use that to test if we could handle certain games because basically if we could handle Final Fantasy XI we could handle anything else that came out around the same time.
Yeah, I would show you the frame rate once it ran the whole thing, like how many frames were processed.
But now my graphics card will seriously handle anything.

So I haven't had a reason to check.
I should run the Final Fantasy XI benchmark just for lolz.
I bet it would be gorgeous with my current graphics card.
Let's not go down this path again.
There's only so much you can do with that thing, trust me.
I kind of am nostalgic now.
14 beta starting.
I don't need another game, I'm actually kind of considering dropping lolz.
I'll just wait for it to go free to play, I'm talking about 13 of course.
You mean 11?
Moving on.
Hey, hey, O-L-R.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, good lord.
First off, allow me to elaborate on my Twitter post from last week.
I think it's fantastic, this is RawStillUT by the way.
I think it's fantastic to see people giving deep silver shit over the Dead Island Riptide statue fiasco.
Oh, that thing.
Yeah, I have no idea what he's talking about, but okay.
Remember the horrible bust that was the woman all chopped up that they were selling us?
Oh yeah, that.
However, it's disheartening to see that in every comment section and seemingly every YouTube video,
gamers are giving shit to people who speak out against the promotion, either brushing it aside as no big deal or making sexist remarks themselves.
You know the ESA loves to talk a great game about how many women play video games,
but given how uniform the audience reaction tends to be when things like this come up,
I wonder if that stat is being buttressed by Facebook and mobile and the market for full featured games is still mostly male.
Is there really any hope for the gaming industry to make the moves necessary to bring women into the AAA game market?
And more importantly, will the traditional gaming market continue to greet women with come ons and sexist garbage?
Wait, people say stupid shit on the internet when they can hide behind their monitor?
No.
Get out!
YouTube commenting is not like a, like Google is not trying to change the whole YouTube commenting thing to clear out the cesspool a little bit.
Every time you log into YouTube, don't you want to use your real name?
No.
Don't you want to change everything to your real name? Why aren't you using your real name?
Like literally, Google asked me today, why aren't you using your real name?
It's like, fuck off. I don't want to use my real name and I'm not the problem because I don't comment on YouTubes.
I comment on YouTube, but only on CookieMyDog.
Oh my god, Yahoo needs to do that too. Yahoo comments? Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Well, um, go back to the comment. Yeah, well, if you, I don't think it really would matter how much of the market is female gaming because you still have most of the decisions being made by men.
I hate to say it, you know. It goes into more of a, I would say, socio-political realm than just who's playing the games.
I mean, and yeah, I think it is actually still predominantly guys, but you have a much larger female gaming base now.
But it's, and it's really hard to say because, again, like you were talking about, there's that anonymity, you know, that you can say it and get away with it.
But, you know, what if that was your mom you were gaming against and you, you know, were saying something?
What if it was another fucking human being with feelings and, you know, thoughts and so forth?
Like, and the vile things people say on YouTube about like these teenage girls that do their vlogs and they're just being dumb teenage girls.
We were all a dumb teenage girl at one point. Let's be real, right? And, you know, people are going like, you should just kill yourself.
And there's several people who have. Like, really? Really?
Also in a psychological point of view, you know, when you deal with people that young, well, basically you're dealing with people whose brains aren't going to be fully developed until they're 25.
And that's not a slight. That is just a reality.
That's fact. If you don't believe me, look at National Geographic. They wrote a whole article on it.
But anyway, you know, you're dealing with people who are not fully developed. It's basically, you know, that level of suggestibility.
They don't have a way of filtering anything out. It's all what's in front of you with no long term consequence to that's really pressing.
So, you know, but if you also think of it that way, your gamer base, if you were thinking as mostly teenage and, you know, that male demographic between teenage to 27, you're also dealing with a huge number of people whose brains are not fully developed.
End of story. Brains are not fully developed. Those neural pathways are not all there.
And so, you know, as an adult, yeah, I can sit and tell myself, okay, well, they're not using all of their potential. They have no faculties yet.
You know, you can stop and tell yourself, yeah, these people are just trolls. They don't know any better, you know, or maybe they don't care.
But they need to get the shit scared out of them.
But they do. See, that's the thing. What I, this is what I would like to see is that if you have a warning button that instantly turns on whatever camera is connected so you can see their face.
That's it, you know, or the cameras turning on randomly. That's big brother talk. That's not, I know, but I mean, there, there should be, when you're dealing with the type of brain activity that deals only with immediacy and not long term consequence, you need to make an immediate consequence.
Not well, I mean, not to go like on a tangent, but you got those people that were on Twitter and these stupid kids that when Obama got reelected, there are all these people making tweets that were like, I can't believe that and word got reelected and saying just, just idiotic shit on their Twitter.
Right. And so what happens, these websites go out and just basically doc some like, you know, it's this guy that goes to this high school and he's on this scholarship of the college and these kids look at anonymous.
These kids are losing their scholarships over it. And I'm not saying like maybe they shouldn't, but it's kind of like they're dumb ass kids and the dumb ass kids don't need to have their lives ruined necessarily, but they need that reality check and the parents could really use the snack on the head too.
Because they didn't just learn it watching the TVs.
Well, honestly, though, that's a reflection of the caliber of person that these schools are getting. And a school has a reputation to maintain too. If it's going to come out, you know, that they're admitting somebody with that particular view set to their school and their school does not share that view set, they have the right to deny them.
R.D.G. Singe in the chat saying, I know a few adults whose lobes never fully developed. Rasteel UT pointing out it's not all kids either. Ain't that the truth?
That's true. You know, we're talking a lot about teenagers and so forth. But yeah, if a 30 year old guy sitting there trolling Twitter with all this stuff, then you know what? It's a little harder to feel sorry for somebody whose brain is fully developed and should know better.
Yeah. Well, I mean, you're also dealing with the fact that we are a society of instant gratification. We're especially now with the anonymity, the nastiest, the nastiest side of people are becoming public. And you know what? If they're going to be, you know, think that their anonymity can hide them, let them be exposed. I have zero problem with that. Let their boss find out.
You know, that's why I don't put anything on the Internet that I would not tell, you know, an employer. I mean, there's certain things I wouldn't tell an employer.
I don't know, because I say things on this show I wouldn't necessarily want like co-workers to hear. It's not that I'm like embarrassed about it or anything, but it's just kind of like, you know, I have my professional side, then I have my side where I let it all hang out. You know, it's kind of like it's not okay for those worlds to cross.
Everybody has that. But I mean, in the end, you want to think about how you're reflecting on yourself. You know, I try. Yeah, I get a little bit bitchier than normal on the show because it's sometimes funny. But at the same time, this is me. This is who I am. I try not to portray myself in any other way than the person that I am.
And so on the same token, that's all we can ever consider these people that we're interacting with through a video game. This is who this person is. Oh, my God. Who talks like this? I don't want to be around this person anymore. How do they have friends?
TechNist in our chat room, and I think we'll move on after this comment. I think people forget that there is no such thing as true anonymity on the Internet.
No, it's not. Let's move on.
There's the rest of the email. I know logically that I shouldn't be basing an entire group of people on the Internet, but that's just exhausting when it's all you see from gamers 90% of the time. Regards, rawstealut.
Gamershateeverything.com.
OK. We also have a two part to email question from Robert M.
Dark soccer on the actual Twilight Zone table. Do you have the problem of the ball exiting the slot machine, ricocheting directly off the outside of the right town square bumper and draining immediately down the middle?
I must need to manage my tilting better. And then dark soccer. Do you have problems with your balls? Let me finish.
Just to clarify, of course the ball doesn't ricochet directly from the slot machine into the bumper. It is hit by the right flipper first, then hits the bumper and drains. Timing on the flipper is a major factor as well.
To be perfectly honest, I haven't actually touched my Twilight Zone machine except to take a picture of my cat on it in probably six months, so I probably can't answer that question.
Although I can say that there are lots of cheap maneuvers, but keep in mind these were meant to make money.
Putting in natural drains, magnets, that's going to happen. But wait until you have the Powerball, because then sometimes you don't have to worry about the magnets when you're running with Powerball.
You know, I had a fun time playing a Twilight Zone that was all Powerballs. That was pretty great.
Nice. The ceramic balls that don't, you know, because of the magnets.
The end. That's it for mailbags? That's it.
Alright, mailbag at orangelauntrady.com. If you want to email us in the future, again one more time, that's mailbag at orangelauntrady.com. Please do email us.
We get a lot of lovely emails and we would love a few more. Mailbag at orangelauntrady.com.
So I have to actually read something from Becky.
Sure. That Julian said. Go for it.
Okay, so she's playing the first Mass Effect again.
And Julian is her six year old? Five year old.
He's going to be six though in a couple months. Close enough. Right after my birthday.
I was close. I rounded. Yeah.
It's the line from Joker. I want to be there when you make that son of a bitch pay.
And Julian says, you're not going to make him pay. You're going to make him die.
So I felt that needed to be shared.
Alright. Let's move on with a few more news stories before we get to. Oh, I'm sorry. We got FUs of the Week to do.
I almost overlooked the FUs of the Week. FU to myself for damn near overlooking the FUs of the Week.
It's the part of the show every week where we get angsty. Why? I don't know. Cause.
Oh, this is bad. Here is justice. Here is punishment. Here. This is fucked up.
First off, FU to people who don't understand what following distance is.
And try to get all of the end years and then change lanes into your following space.
In California, we have what's called the three second rule. When you pick a landmark, when the car in front of you.
When the tail of your car passes it, you count three seconds until you hit that same part with the front of your car.
And that's following distance. Well, in Alabama, it's two seconds, whatever.
I can say it. I can say Alabama is backwards. I'm from there. I escaped.
Also FU to there being ads now on the AIM app on my iPad.
And FU to the winners slash losers of Canada's Worst Driver.
Because they were both really awful and I mean these people are hazards on the road. They're gonna kill people.
I mean, I'm literally, they are that stupid. If you are a bad driver. If everyone around you tells you you're a bad driver.
And no amount of practice is helping you, stop fucking driving. End of story.
That goes to everybody in the world who's a bad driver. Me, I'm a great driver.
And I have a thank you to my husband who greeted me the other night with a three terabyte hard drive. Yeah.
You're spoiled.
No, I love him.
Loki?
FU to the lingering part of the stomach bug here that I have, which is making me feel extremely bloated. Like I'm full of just pizza.
No, I didn't even have that much pizza. I only had like two slices of pizza.
Yeah, so basically, I mean, it's gonna obviously cause me to lose weight, I guess, which is good, but it's still very uncomfortable.
You know, it's all water while you're sick. Once you start eating, you'll retain again.
Is that it?
Yeah, that's it.
I want to make sure I'm super vague in how I put this in response to some things I've seen on Twitter.
I just want to say an FU to somebody who tries to call out someone else's faults on things that happened in the past when that person themselves have lots of faults in their past that they have not apologized for and maybe ought to.
So, just saying.
That's all I got to say about that.
Doesn't that go back to the cardinal rule of everything?
Don't be a dick.
But some people don't know how.
Anyhow, let's move on and talk about a few more news stories before we get to Twitter and Skype line.
See, we don't need those Wii U's, you know, cause we've got other things to keep us occupied.
I know you think you guys are all fancy with your Miiverse channels and stuff like that, but hey, there's Xboxverse in Japan.
And Xboxverse, I guess it's a Hakuverse.
And apparently, like all things on the internet that are somewhat unregulated, it is full of penises.
Penis art, penis art, penis art.
TTP.
That's a lot of cock on your desktop there.
Yeah.
Oh look, Chris cock.
That's...
Yes.
So, interesting.
But hey, it's out there, so that's kind of neat, I guess.
I don't know if they've got exactly the website here.
Let's see, it's at xbox.verse.jp is where you can check it out.
And I'm not sure how you can actually go about posting on there and stuff.
But it's interesting, there's a sweaty picture of Gabe Newall, looks like, on my desktop now.
I'm not really sure what that's from.
But, cool.
I had to look, it was actually pretty amusing.
So, yeah, xbox.verse.jp.
There was that whole little story about the particular game too that was causing excessive...
Tintin, yeah.
I'm just surprised there's that big of a community around an Xbox in Japan.
The way you hear things online, you would think that there was no fans of Xbox in Japan whatsoever.
But I guess it's not doing as terrible as you might think.
Well, speaking of penis, I mean, you know, why not another story that has to do with this?
Custom Made 3D is an upcoming erotic game that's coming out with a very special attachment.
It's called...
Sorry.
It's called The Juicy Air. Like, is this trolling? Like, is this story for real?
Like, is this for real or am I being trolling?
I think it's for real, they have an actual website.
Oh my god, alright.
Let's go to the website.
It's a cup.
It is a wireless masturbation toy that reacts in real time to your stroke speed and depth, making this motion control... you know what?
So just pull sausage out of the fridge and go blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
In-game characters react accordingly too with different characters reacting differently.
This peripheral has an analog stick and an action button as well as a right and left click.
Suddenly the term clicking your mouse has a whole new meaning.
You don't even have to take your hands off your wiener while you're playing.
There you go.
This story has been met with the response of... in chatroom.
rdgsinge in our chatroom says, are there any special plans for episode 500?
On a cup.
Well, after this story there are now.
I'll be staying home.
That's our full video review of SMA3D.
I wonder if there's gonna be one of them.
I wonder if there's gonna be one of those on...
Res Trans Vibrator 2.0.
Oh, God. All right.
What?
Game Guru, talk about playing with your Wii.
Yes, there's pictures of it. Look it up yourself.
Wii jokes are seven years old. What the hell? All right, that's it.
Just look up what an Ona cup is and you'll see what it looks like.
1-877-GAME-OLR. Surely you want to follow that story on our Skype line.
1-877-
Penis!
1-877-GAME-OLR. Or our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio. All one word.
rostielut in chat says, as long as we don't have to see the cup being used.
It could just be above the waist shots, that's all.
1-877-GAME-OLR. Our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio.
And while we wait for some calls, there's always last minute stories and Twitter topics.
Any last minute stories, Logie?
No. I don't really have anything. I was looking at...
So much for that.
I was just trying to look and see. I had something, but it wasn't very important.
Oh, yeah. This is kind of just a random tangent here.
Let me ask you, the phone's blowing up, so write down your thought and we'll come back to it later because I want to get to the phone calls.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
Oh my God. It is a blast from the past. Raven's Dolphin.
Holy fucking shit. It's Raven's Dolphin. Oh my God.
I live.
You live. Beware. I live. What a blast from the past. How are you?
Wise from your grave.
I have risen from my grave. I escaped from the mental institution to call you guys.
Where the hell have you been?
I've been around.
Are you still doing your tech and games thing that just blew up?
I am. And guess what? We're celebrating six years this month.
It actually became very successful and I want to thank you guys for giving me inspiration.
No, I know. It cracked me up because I would see that all around the internet, the tech and games thing, and I'm like, wow, that shit really blew up, didn't it?
I'm like, good for him. Good for you. Good for you.
Yeah, it worked out very well. We went to Comic Con. We went to Otacon. We did some things.
Did you get blessed by the E3 Pope yet?
No, we did not, but I'm not worried.
Soon. You'll get there, buddy. You'll get there.
It's happening. It's happening. But I came to call you not to talk about me, God. It's you guys.
And you guys were talking about the Pokemon thing about gotta catch them all?

And, you know, the Wii U has built-in RFID chips, so they could really easily do it.
Yes, they could. Weren't they at one point you were supposed to be able to tap your credit card on that thing?
Yeah. See, that's the thing. That was one of the stories that we didn't talk about. They're working on that still. It's not even coming out until fall.
It's like, yeah, way to implement all your technology.
Yeah, but remember way back when I first talked about the Wii U and how it's like the Winchester Mystery House where you'll find all these doors that go nowhere and shit that's not finished built yet?
That's the Wii U. So that part is currently still under construction.
We're sort of stuck in the seance room.
Sort of. And Ubisoft just locked another door. But anyway.
Sure did. Sure did.
Yeah, go ahead.
I just have one more thing. I'm going to keep this short. It's about the Rayman legend thing.
For me, it was bad PR from Ubisoft. They should have just said it was coming out on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox. They should have just said, oh, it's an exclusive and then yanked the thing out.
But I want to say I understand why they did it. But I felt like they should have played that way better than they did.
Are you a Wii U owner by chance?
I am a Wii U owner. I own a PlayStation. I own everything. I'm on Steam now. I bought Mass Effect, so I will be playing it. If I want to be listening to this shit, I better be playing it.
I feel like we've raised you well. I know you were a lot younger when you first started listening to OLR.
I'm so proud. You are making us proud.
Wait, are you playing Mass Effect on PC?
I only got one and two. I bought it during the Steam sale, so I didn't play a lot of it yet. I will play it. Dark Soccer. Don't kill me. I have it. I own it. I'll buy it.
Let me know when you get to three so we can play multiplayer together.
You're doing better than Bobby Black Wolf in that regard. That's good enough.
What was I going to say? I don't know. I don't know what else to say. Oh, yes. You're a Wii U owner. What do you think of the Wii U? How are you feeling about your purchase?
No, I have to say my mom bought it and I like the thing itself. Me, I think my favorite feature is it's a remote.
You know what? That TV thing, did you check it out during the Super Bowl?
I did. I checked it out when the Broncos were playing and when they scored that touchdown and then they lost. I'm done with this.
I was waiting for the Beyonce concert last weekend while I was sick and I had the TV thing going on and I was like, oh, these guys are throwing a football around before the Beyonce concert.
I'll check this out. It was actually kind of fun to look at the feedback people were giving on me. A lot of it was just dumb internet shit, but it was kind of neat to have that right in front of me as I'm watching this game on the TV.
Which, believe it or not, there were some pretty lullsy things that happened in the game that even I was like, wow, the 49ers are getting their ass kicked in the first half of this game.
I kept hearing all of the men not use their inside voice while I was in the back room playing Mass Effect.
One of my favorites was when the blackout happened. I love the memes with the WWE with Undertaker and they're creating Beyonce as She-Hulk. I'm like, okay, that's funny.
Beyonce as She-Hulk was great. But my favorite meme that's come out of the whole thing is Tard, Tardar Sauce, the Grumpy Cat.

Saying blackout and then Tardar Sauce holding the plug.
Or the Bane references were all over Twitter, of course, and that happened. But my favorite gif I saw was the one where all the lights go out.
To bring this call full circle, Ravenstaufen, when all the lights go out and then you see the stadium above and it goes out and then Team Rocket shows up, that cracked me up.


I'm sorry. That was my favorite part of the whole Super Bowl. It's like people staring at the screen, what are we doing? And then the beats after it were like, thank you, internet. This is why you're awesome.
Was this Beyonce's fault? Was Beyonce's performance so fierce that she blew the fucking power? Like, that was my favorite. That's my favorite.
That was good, too. And I saw her at the inauguration. She didn't blow on anyone.
Well, Ravenstaufen, please, pimp your shit. It's six years, you've earned it.
Six years thanks to you guys. The website's called techandgames.com. It lives quite well with 833 fans on Facebook. It doesn't matter. That's someone else's stuff. I'm not like, ugh. I didn't create that.
But you've earned each and every one of them, so you go, boy.
Yeah, thank you, Rob, for the time and I know you have other calls.
Anytime. Take care, buddy. Good to hear from you.


Hi. 1877 Game O-L-R. Our username on Skype is OrangeLaundry. Sorry, Loki. I didn't mean to cut you off earlier. When I saw that one popping up, I was like, blast from the past. Holla.
I don't even remember what I was talking about, though.
Isn't that how it goes? Let's see. Tigerclaw giving us a GIF here in the chat room, and I just want to make sure. Oh, God damn it. This is great live radio.
I just want to make sure this is the right one, because if it is, I insist that Rama, our Tumblr administrator. What is the Tumblr? Is it OrangeLaundryRadio?
OrangeLaundryRadio.tumblr.com.
I insist that this go on the OrangeLaundryRadio Tumblr. Yes, this is it. Perfect.
Please repost that. Perfect. Yes, I insist that that be reposted.
Alright. 1877 Game O-L-R. Our username on Skype is OrangeLaundryRadio. If you want to give us a call, let's go to the phones and take another call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLaundryRadio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Raginator.
Hey, Raginator in video. I see you. Peek-a-roo. What's up?
Well, I would have talked about this last week if there was a show last week.
Yeah, rub it in. I was sick. Rub it in.
Well, I wasn't trying to rub anything in, but since you kind of briefly talked about the topic in today's show, I have a somewhat related question.
Now, with all this talk about the Xbox 720, assuming that's what the final name is going to be called, and...
The Lube is the name of the week. The Xbox Lube.
Or the PlayStation 4. That kind of begs the question, at this point, do we really need a new system from either Microsoft or the PlayStation 4?
I mean, think about it. PlayStation 3 is, at this point, really hitting stride.
And, from my viewpoint, Microsoft still has a lot of life left with the 360.
I mean, I can't see them really improving graphics all that much with the next systems.
And there's a lot of great games coming out. The only thing I can possibly see is doing like a 4K resolution or 8K, but...
But nobody's... You can't... Look at how well that went for 3D on the PlayStation 3. Even that really hasn't cracked yet.
I think we can all assume PlayStation 4 is going to do this 4K super high HD thing, because Sony makes TVs, and they want to sell a few of those, too.
But I want to go back to the question you were really asking, and ask the panel here. I think that's a great question, because we've kind of answered this before a little bit, but not since some of this news came up.
PlayStation 4 and Xbox Lube. Do we really need it? They're coming this year. Is it necessary? Does the industry need it?
Loki, you sell games for a living. What do you think? Do they need it? Are these systems needed right now?
No, because I don't think Nintendo... See, I'm surprised that they're not waiting to put these systems out, because the Wii U...
It's just not doing that well right now. It's not like stealing the thunder from them as much as like the Wii kind of did when that first came out, and everyone was trying to get their hands on it.
But at the same time, I think the sales for their software and hardware are kind of slowing, so they need to put something else out. Especially Sony. Sony, all their stuff is kind of slowing down right now, so they need to...
But they can't support the systems they're putting out, Vita.
Well, I don't know what they're trying. The Vita price point's too high, and there's not any games coming out.
I'm kind of... Part of the reason I said, and I said this at the end of last year when making predictions for this year, and I originally predicted we wouldn't have the PlayStation 4, and my reason essentially was, we don't need one.
And Sony has the Vita to work on still, and so forth. So actually, my opinion really hasn't changed, Raginator. I don't think we need PlayStation 4.
I'll go back to something I sort of touched on.
Hold on a sec, Raginator, because Dark Soccer wants to jump in, too. Oh, great, his call bugged out anyway. I swear to God I didn't click a button, but Dark Soccer, your thought while we reconnect.
Well, I don't think that it's necessary at all. Not yet, anyway. I think that they should be pushing any type of release until far later. We don't need it. They've got a system that...
I understand the investor pressure, though.
Yeah. But still, you know, I think that they need to keep working on strengthening what they have using the existing technology, and then bringing out something really mind-blowing.
Raginator, go ahead and get your thought out now that the call's back, and then we can move on.
Sure. Yeah, I was going to say, you know, at least with the higher resolution TVs out there, and if possible, you know, using PS4 and 720 to go work with those, the trouble is the adoption rate with the higher resolution TVs is pretty low.
And from my perspective, the one problem with the adoption of those higher resolution TVs is that there's not really a whole lot of content, if any, for those higher resolution TVs.
Now, if Rock, SKD, and cable companies were to really go balls to the wall and support that stuff, plus now you have higher resolution videos, like, you know, whatever next-gen Blu-ray comes out or whatever, if that supports the higher resolution, plus the gains, then I can see something new coming out, or something that we can't even think of right off the bat.
That next system could potentially do that current systems can't do.
That's, you know what, that's a good point, because high definition in itself took a long time for us to really adopt. High definition...
It's still not a big adoption rate, because look at Blu-ray. Blu-ray is still not... People aren't replacing their DVD collections with Blu-ray.
Yeah, but even at least high-def TVs right now are pretty much, like, all you can buy. Like, you can't even really buy standard def... Well, you can't secondhand, of course.
But you can't even really, like, walk into a Best Buy and find a standard def TV, you know, maybe way in the back or something.
I mean, it's all about HDTV, at least now that's finally catching on where it's really the mainstream, but that took, like, ten years to get there, a very long time.
But in the middle of that was the 360 and the PlayStation 3, which was, like, our first HD gaming.
So maybe the 4K thing is a preemptive strike, but I don't know, it could be way too early.
Anyway, RageNator, gotta let you go to get more calls, but thank you so much for the call, buddy.
Sure, no problem.
Take care, and thanks for the video.
One 877 Game OLR, or a username on Skype, is OrangeLoungeRadio.
RasteelUT saying, VHS was around nearly ten years after DVD. That's true, you have the overlap that happens, too.
Yeah, but Atrex didn't totally last that many years.
I also consider that, I mean, these older generation systems could probably push better graphics, because the original Xbox and even the PlayStation 2, some games did output to HD, like 720p and 1080i.
You know, assuming the games support it. Not all of them, but some of them did.
Alright, while we wait for another call, maybe possibly, let's go to the Twitter and get some Twitter topics.
Actually, I'm gonna bring it up on the desktop here. I usually use my iPad for it, but I left that in the other room like a genius.
So I'll pull that up here. I know at least there was a couple things from Tiger Claw in there.
Of course, it would help if I sign in as the right account.
Help, someone buy me time.
I'm broke, so I won't have, no. Words.
Rob is actually signing into Twitter right now, everybody. I am filling time so that we do not have to-
Except I can't remember the password to the stinking Twitter account, because when you manage-
Burrito!
When you manage for Twitter, the password is not burrito. When you manage for Twitter accounts-
Don't tell them that. I'd love to see how many people try to log in with the wrong word.
That's true, huh?
Log him out of his account because, you know, Twitter hacks and-
Nah.
Alright, I see a bunch of stories here from Tiger Claw, but first, let me do a tweet from YYR who is surfing around the PlayStation Network and said,
Hey, this is on sale right now on PSN. It's the Namco Museum. That's right, I saw that for sale in the PlayStation 3 store.
Why is this important? Namco Museum is the PlayStation 3 game where we have a cameo. Remember this cameo?
Yes, it is.
We're in the opening. There's a little screen that talks about the Namco Museum and the Network features.
And look very closely at the high scoreboard, and you'll see some familiar names.
And a big thank you to the OLR fans, or fan, who put us in a game.
Much thanks.
It doesn't get any better than that, right? Like, I can quit now. I made it in a video game.
I can die.
I can die now.
It's like butter.
And if you haven't checked it out, you have bungee fair tossing.
Yes, especially with this unfortunate news about XNA this week where even though Microsoft hasn't updated it in three years,
they basically said they're not going to. Really unfortunate that indie games are probably not going to be a thing on the Xbox lube.
I don't know, we're just left to hypothesize. Maybe they've got something newer, bigger, better coming out, I hope.
But yes, support the indie games. Because it's not like indie games are cooked up overnight.
A lot of these guys started it a long time ago before they made these announcements about XNA.
So, support indie games and start with bungee fair tossing. That's a good one to pick.
A bunch of tweets from Tigerclaw. I'll read a couple of them here.
This one's a My Little Pony story, but it's one-
But no one cares, Skip.
No, no, no. It's worth reading. Because they were actually making a fighting game, My Little Pony, MLP fighting is magic.
Well, surprise, surprise. A cease and desist from Hasbro's legal representatives, and this was posted to their site at main6.com,
asking them to stop the distribution of any materials that My Little Pony characters, names, locations, or elements from the show,
including YouTube, Twitch, and so forth.
They attempted to negotiate Hasbro for the continued use of the property for their voluntary project, but they didn't get an answer.
Does this really surprise anybody?
If you're going to make a fan game like that or something, just do it on the down low, release it, then do a cease and desist, it's on the internet, what are you going to do?
Don't hype it up. I mean, if you're trying to recruit people, I guess that's one thing, but try to do it on the down low,
because the more you hype it up, the more visibility it's going to get, and then the company has an obligation to protect their trademarks and so forth,
to put the C&D out there. So, and I don't think fighting ponies was what they wanted to have happen.
Obi-Wan Jabroni on OLR says, hey, OLR, give me a shout out. It's fucking 5 a.m. here.
Where are you where it's 5 a.m.? Is that the UK? Are you maybe in the military? That could be the mid-east, I don't know.
But shout out to you for it being pretty late.
I could do a shout, but then Rob's landlord would get complaints from the neighbors, so.
You can go listen to this week's Hoard House and get a scream and shout, that's all I'm going to say.
Let's go to one more call here on Skype. Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, this is Acdeft.
It's like I say My Little Pony and then all of a sudden, look who's on the line. What's up, Acdeft?
Well, Black Wolf's going to hate me for this, but yeah, I want to talk about the fighting this magic game.
I'm only letting you do it because it's relevant to gaming talk right now.
This thing getting pulled was good news for you guys because it gives you an excuse to talk about it and be relevant.
So go for it while you can.
Yeah, well. Oh, Black Wolf. Anyways, yeah, I'm pretty, well, sad that it got the cease and desist letter.
Though, yeah, it was eventually going to happen because it got a lot of media attention.
An article went up on GameSpot and it also was competing to be the eighth game featured on the EVO tournament this year.
And like I said, it caught a lot of attention and it was almost finished.
They were pretty much on the final stage of development.
Well, that means it's going to leak to the Internet anyway.
And they'll just say, oh, our computer, our computer was hacked and the finished version leaked to the Internet.
Like that'll happen. Didn't that happen to the Chrono Trigger thing that Square Enix shut down?
Most positive it did.
There was music from that came out.
Yeah. Once it hits the Internet, it's never coming off.
If they were that close to finishing it, it'll leak in its like beta form or something.
You know, they'll find a way to do it where they will be able to wash their hands of any legal ramifications.
But, I mean, surely you can see with all this attention, wasn't it getting to be a little too big for something that they really...
I mean, if they didn't have Hasbro's sign off on it, is this really not surprising?
No, it isn't. Like I said, it was eventually going to happen.
Though most of us that were expecting the game to be released, we're actually looking forward to playing it because it was already leaked before.
So it's already out on the Internet. You can get it on the Pirate Bay and other sites.
Oh, well then shit. You can't shut that down.
It was a pretty early build of it, so it's somewhat buggy and it isn't complete.
But, yeah, even then it looked like a pretty good game.
It was like a regular game, even. A good fighting game.
And it was featured on EVO on their Indie Showcase last year.
Yeah, like I said, many people, even in the fighting community, were expecting a lot of it.
I just want to make sure. It was still a good fighting game without the marijuana, right?
I don't do drugs, so yeah.
Okay, alright. Good answer. Very good answer.
Winners don't do drugs.
Alright, yes, that's right. Winners don't do drugs. And that is the real message here.
Alright, I gotta let you go before Black Wolf pulls the plug on the show, so take care, buddy.
You too. Thanks. Bye.
Alright, I guess that's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
I think My Little Pony Call will do that.
Just fucking with you guys.
Let's do one more tweet, because Tigerclad said a bunch of stories.
I want to do at least one more of these here.
Ooh, we'll do this one. It's a pinball story.
Pinball is always relevant.
Very cool pinball, actually.
Star Wars Pinball announced by Zen Studios.
Hell yes to this.
Zen Studios is partnering with LucasArts for a Star Wars pinball.
This is awesome. Did you see this little table shot here that has like...
Oh, that's neat.
Yeah, a little Boba Fett and C-3PO. It's awesome.
What is this coming to? This is going to be Pinball FX2.
And it'll be available on Live Arcade, Windows 8, PlayStation Network, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Vita, Cross Buy.
Isn't this supposed to be on Wii U at some point, too?
I think so. That's awesome.
Congrats to Zen Studios. That's a hell of a partnership to land there.
Good job, you guys.
All right. That's going to do it for our Twitter topics tonight.
Again, twitter.com... Excuse me.
Yeah, twitter.com slash O-L-R if you want to send us tweets in the future.
And that does it for the Skype line tonight.
If you didn't get through and you have something you want to say, please email us.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Or tweet us for next week.
Since there was no last minute stories, I believe that brings us to another close of an episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show and listening to us and supporting us through another week.
We are an independently produced show.
Literally done out of somebody's dining room.
Where we don't dine. We have radio stuff set up anywhere.
I dine. Sometimes.
Yeah, you bring Panda Express in there once in a while.
He brings pizza. It works out.
But anyway, all we ask... We don't ask for your money or anything like that.
All we ask... Help spread the word. Help grow our family.
Give us a nice review on whatever website you found this through. Be it iTunes or what have you.
And just tell a friend about Orange Lounge Radio.
Help us get some word of mouth out there.
And grow our community of awesome people that chat with us every Sunday night.
And interact with us throughout the week as they listen on the podcast.
And leave comments on VOG Network and so forth.
Anyhow, I'm going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
And we'll start tonight with Dark Sakura. Final thought.
My head still hurts.
My final thought is...
Why is my Balthier doll just sitting over there lying on its side like that?
He needs to be fixed promptly.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
I feel way too full.
Still feeling bloaty? Sorry to hear.
Uncomfortably so.
Alright, better than how you were feeling yesterday though.
Better than Friday, yes.
That does it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a great, safe week everybody.
And we'll be back to do it all again next week, alright?
See you then. Good night.
Do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thanks for watching!
