Orange Lounge Radio
Visual Hosts, DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, February 17th, 2013, Bungie reveals details on their next game.
Nintendo unveils more 3DS titles in the new Nintendo Direct.
And as the first glimpse of the Playstation 4 leaked to the internet,
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this episode number 493, February 17th, 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts. I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts.
First off, the one, the only, DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Blarg.
Blarg, yarg. How you doing?
I'm tired.
Tired?
Actually, thank you for the ca-ca-coc-pa-pa.
I was trying to say caffeine and coffee at the same time and then it came out.
The caffi. You were just saying it, you know, with an accent. The caffi.
I love coffee.
Yeah, I love coffee too.
I'm drinking it and I'm going to beg more from you in a little bit because I went to San Francisco yesterday.
How was San Francisco?
It was gay.
What'd you do in San Francisco? I'm sure the weather was great. What'd you do in San Francisco?
It was fantastic. Actually, I went with my friends Gary and Susan, which Gary is the scariest driver ever next to my friend Julie.
And then we met up with Gary's sister and our friend Tamara and, well, there was beer involved and a place called Pizza Orgasmica.
I have been there.
It's good.
Yeah, it's not just a clever title.
It's freaking good pizza.
Yeah, it is. Good stuff.
So, yeah, there was some bar hopping and some curry rice earlier in the day and an anime convention that I had no idea was going on.
And I was walking around in my N7 hoodie, my Mass Effect hoodie, because I love that thing and wear it everywhere.
And I just happened to be in the bathroom and someone's like, oh, are you cosplaying Shepard?
And I was like, I'm not Commander Shepard, but this is my favorite bathroom in Japan town.
I was like, I'm not here for the con. I'm just wearing my jacket.
Did you do a deadpan just like that?
Yeah.
Awesome.
Yeah.
I love the random impromptu anime convention.
Dark Sakura approaches. Quick, throw an anime convention.
Well, I saw people putting on armor in the in the Japan town.
Things you would hear at an anime convention or a war zone?
OK, it was in the Kintetsu Mall parking lot.
I saw people putting on armor. I was like.
It's not the cherry blossom festival, so the cosplay parade isn't happening.
Is there a convention going on and no one's told me?
Sure enough, I, you know, I run into somebody and wearing a blue trench coat and a button up shirt.
I said, I bet you're cosplaying Captain Jack Harkness, aren't you?
He's like, yeah, and there's my my doctor over there.
I was like, so is there a convention going on?
He's like, oh, yeah, it sucks.
Oh, I don't even remember what the convention was called.
Where was that? Was it at the was it was over the Kabuki Hotel.
Interesting. You know, that's where they're going to be having the gamer expo,
but they call it gamer X now because they can't call it gamer con legal stuff.
But that's where they're having that. So it seemed like a pretty good venue.
But I mean, I want to go to that one.
But it was cosplay central all over Japan town and assholes with cameras.
That's the other thing I call them assholes.
And I'm not talking about the professional photographers.
You know, there's people who know how to behave,
how to assure people aside when they're taking their photos.
This was some sweaty otaku wearing a wolf hat five times the size of my husband,
looking for the girls to the biggest.
I'm up with this in backing up into Techmaster Loki, everybody backing up into people
and stepping on feet and being just an asshole.
And, you know, he tried to I ran into him again and I just said,
you know, look where you're going ass face or something.
And it was just being rude. You know, there's a way to take photos at a convention.
And the way this guy did it is not it.
Did you go to the anime convention and say I wasn't supposed to be here today?
I said we shouldn't have come today or we should have checked the con schedule.
All right. I don't keep up with the concert anymore.
How do I know all this?
Say hello to Techmaster Loki, officially everybody.
Hello. How are you doing?
I'm doing fine.
You ever been pervy with a camera at a convention?
No.
Good. Don't do that.
But I can remember.
You had to think for a minute.
It's been a while since I've been to the con. No, I don't think I have.
It's been a while since I've been to a con, too.
I don't even remember the last con I went to. It was probably like ASET.
I remember the last con job I pulled.
What's a con job? It sounds hot.
Con? Con artist?
Oh, OK.
It's not funny when I have to explain it, Rob.
OK. Well, it wasn't funny in the first place.
Anyway, we have a special guest in studio tonight.
He's a familiar guy.
You might know him if you've listened to some previous episodes of the show
or ever listened to Hoard House and hear his e-mails and tweets and all that.
Or if you ever go to vognetwork.com and look at the leaderboards.
It is Flaco Jones, everybody.
Hello, everybody.
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
As apparently I called you earlier, our biggest flan.
Yeah, I love that.
Because you just reminded me of Ni No Kuni and I feed flan to my tin man familiar all the time.
You're sticky and smell of caramel?
Yes.
Can I smell you?
It's all this English candy.
Yes, it's all the Cyl candy, which much love to Cyl.
I don't know if Cyl listens to Orange Lawn Triadio, but I hope she won't mind.
I've been giving some of the candy away.
It's not that I don't love it, but it's like I got to share the love.
I had to lay claim to the Mars Bar because I love Mars Bars.
So, yes, Cyl from Girls Gone Wow, which if you haven't heard the show, it's a fantabulous show.
And it's you can hear it Wednesday nights at the Voice of Geek or Wednesday mornings, excuse me, at the Voice of Geeks Network.
It's Wednesday nights if you're in the UK, but they are a lovely British based group.
It's not just Cyl, it's Cyl, EJ, Raven and Rob.
But I correspond mostly with Cyl because, you know, in getting her shows and so forth.
And Cyl offered on Facebook to do this candy exchange thing.
So she sent me a bag full of candy from Britain, like the Smarties over there, which are like totally different than Smarties here.
And like Aero Bars, which we don't have here at all.
Jelly Babies, which I'd never had, which were pretty good.
I can't eat Jelly Babies.
It has some of the same stuff in it that I'm allergic to.
But some of the bars that she sent, we do have a place called Touch of Britain in town.
But she sent stuff that I've never seen there, like the Bubblies. I've never seen them there.
Yeah, yeah. So pretty cool.
And oh my God, the thing I want to go back to England for, not go back, but want to go there for, is just to raid the collection of Cadbury eggs.
She did send authentic Cadbury cream eggs. I had one yesterday.
Mars eggs are the best thing in the universe.
So I have a return package. I don't want to spoil, just in case Sil is listening.
But I might spoil by the time it gets there.
I do have a return package we're sending. And all I'm going to say is that she'll have plenty to share as well.
So if you know Sil.
And we're sending her a token of our love.
That's right. In fact, I need Loki and Flaco to sign the little love notes for Sil that we're sending.
So we'll send that over there soon.
Alright, Flaco, what's new with you? What have you been up to? When was the last time you were on the show? A couple months ago, right?
I was on the year-end show.
That's right.
So December 30th.
That's right, the last show of the year. Because you ruined one of the shows in June.
Yes.
And hopefully tonight's show will be better.
I scared everybody in December because something happened that hadn't happened. I guess the stream went down and that hadn't happened in a few weeks.
So it was scaring people.
Well, I should warn everybody. I was having major internet issues yesterday. Like, Alan and I were trying to play World of Warcraft and disconnected like eight times. It was insane.
He had net flatulence.
My iPad wouldn't even connect to the internet. It was dumb. So we unplugged our routers overnight. And so far today, they've been fine. So we'll keep our fingers crossed. But Flaco's presence could break them again.
I like that I have this reputation with the show. I'm the number one fan of Hoard House and the number one curse on a locker.
Exactly. Exactly. So you you have two young ones at home. You just how old is your little girl now?
She's almost one. She turns a year next month.
So you have a less than a year old at home. Yes. How do you juggle that with game playing?
I play very late at night or early in the morning. And you know what's cool about games like Ni No Kuni, something like that, I can actually play when they're up. They don't get bothered by it too much.
My son likes it because it kind of looks like a cartoon. You know, he doesn't like the battle. He gets bored of that, which I guess a lot of people do.
You read some of the online reviews. But yeah, he loves the animated cut scenes in that. And, you know, another game we've been playing lately is The Unfinished Swan, and he loves that game.
So if he loves the game, he'll actually request it. And Unfinished Swan, obviously, you can't say that, but he calls it tree.
Because when you, when you highlight the icon on the PlayStation, it just has a picture of, you know, like an ink splattered tree. And so that's what he calls it.
So when he comes in the living room, he starts saying tree, tree. And like, you want us to play tree? Yeah.
So we put, you know, we load up that game when we start playing it. And he just, he'll just sit there and he loves watching that game.
Isn't it interesting now that, you know, our kids, I mean, not that I have kids, but I've used those little quotes, our kids or this generation's children or whatever, are growing up in a world that has PlayStation 3s and all this stuff.
Whereas, you know, when we were all growing up, at least you and I are the same age, and Atari had just, like, just came out around the time we were, what, three?
I guess, no, Atari had been out, but Atari kind of really started to pick up speed around the time we were three.
Yeah, my parents had an Atari, so that's what I get.
So it's just interesting that we grew up in a way different world where we've really watched gaming evolve. And now, you know, by the time Oliver's 15, they'll probably have the holodeck for real.
I think they will.
It'll just be different.
They're holding back on it right now. They just want to save it.
You think so?
Yeah.
Holding back on it.
They can do it now.
Or Oliver will be able to have the Aluma Room that has the boobies on the wall everywhere.
Yes.
Just in time for that phase.
Boobs everywhere.
Just in time for that phase.
I thought you just called the motorboat room.
Akuma JP in our chat room.
By the way, hi, chatters.
We're always joined with the live chat room because we do tape live at the Voice of Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com.
Sunday nights at 6 Pacific, 9 Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Akuma JP in chat says, sky sounds old.
Ha ha ha.
Well, jerk, keep this in mind.
OLR is on our 11th year this year.
So, if we had started this show when we were 18, we'd already be 29.
We didn't start this show when we were 18.
We were more like 23 or 24.
So, you do the math.
You know what? The big joke amongst my friends is going to happen on my birthday this year.
And what's that?
Because I'll be 37.
In a row?
I rest my case.
So, and I'll be 35.
So, Jamie's the old one.
Come on, Akuma.
Redirect your jokes appropriately.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Vintage.
This rack took years to grow.
And I'm two weeks older than Rob.
I know. I feel like the young kid.
If Loki wasn't here, I'd be the baby for once.
And all my friends, I get the old jokes all the time from my friends.
I guess I just hang out with youngins.
That's the deal.
So, Akuma JP in our chat room says, so you are old, lol.
Bonk.
You're only as old as you feel, honestly.
And I will say this with all honesty.
We will talk about video games in a minute here, but obviously I still play video games,
which a lot of people think is a youthful activity, although I don't think so.
I think because we all grew up in a generation that at least had Atari 2600,
video games has always been a part of our lives.
So, I can't imagine not playing video games at this point, right?
But honestly, my 30s, way better than my 20s.
Really, for real.
I have to agree with that for myself as well.
I mean, not that my 20s sucked or not that I hate 20 year olds.
That's totally not the case.
But I think a lot of that has to do with, and those of you that listen to the show a long time
know that I was really sick when I was 29.
I missed two or three weeks at OLR because I'd been in the hospital.
I'd have surgery.
So, it was one of those things where they had to screen me
because they thought I could have had pancreatic cancer
and that was the type of stuff I had going on.
So, it was scary and I think all that stuff going through that before 30
kind of definitely made me feel like turning 30 is awesome.
I get to turn 30, yes!
You want to know what's funny?
What?
Back in my early days on AOL, I had a friend who I chatted,
another anime fan who was 10 years old.
I remember chatting with him when he graduated college.
That makes me feel old.
Yeah, I know, right?
I think about my nieces who are like 22 years old and stuff.
I'm like, my nieces can drink.
It's weird.
I remember when they were born.
But now you can take them out drinking.
The other day, we got an email to the show that was like,
I've been listening to you since I was 13.
I'm like, oh my God.
He's like, I'm in college now.
Oh my God.
Yeah, but how many TV shows have been on that have lasted as long as us?
Not many.
Gunsmoke, The Simpsons.
Doctor Who.
There's only a few.
So we're awesome.
Well, we just love being here with you all in our chat room
and live at the Voice Ease Network.
I was going to talk about the meteor before we get into our gaming week.
Surely everybody saw that meteor talk about something straight out of a video game.
What the hell was that?
They say that that kind of stuff happens all the time.
It happened in San Francisco, right?
Later on.
Yeah, but it totally wasn't the same thing.
It didn't shatter windows and stuff.
It was just like, oh, there's light in the sky.
Probably somebody's science project out there.
Russia, meteor shatter you.
Yeah, I've heard all those jokes all over Facebook.
Little pictures in Soviet Russia.
I was busy being asleep.
Well, you don't live in Russia.
I think if you'd been sleeping when that thing went off, it would have woken you up.
Well, no, no, no, no.
I actually didn't see the news until I got up late today
because I've been sick most of the day.
So I was like, meteor, fuck, sleep.
No, watching the videos online blew my mind.
You can just hear the big pow and then all the shattered glass
and of course the car alarms is always the best part.
Somebody get Bruce Willis's Armageddon.
I love all the weird radio stations or radio they're listening to in Russia
as they have these dash cams going.
Sometimes it's like American pop music, sometimes it's something completely different.
And the other cool part, the Russians, they're never fazed by any of this.
There's no like, oh my God!
It's just like, right?
It's like, what?
You're just like, oh, that's weird.
Maybe it's a nuke and we'll all die, oh well.
Can you imagine if that type of thing had happened in like, I don't know,
Philadelphia or something?
Yeah, and there's like a camera going. I can just imagine it right now.
Well, they showed the San Francisco one, like I said,
and it was just like a small thing.
The guy's like driving on the freeway and he's like,
Oh my God, did you see that?
It's just like, okay.
Oh my God, thanks Obama.
I saw something similar back when I lived up in Lake County.
I was driving home really late at night
and there was a big green streak across the sky,
but it didn't explode like that one,
so obviously it wasn't even close to the size,
but I thought it was pretty cool.
I was like, oh wow, that thing just comes streaking across
and it turned kind of green and just disappeared off in the distance.
If it had been in my neck of the South, it'd be, the fuck is that?
Hand me a beer.
Shit, that means we're going to get them another hurricane.
Porkchop in our chat room says,
I assume the dash cams are for insurance purposes.
I guess I'm assuming they're in public cars.
Yeah, so I thought maybe the police cars.
No, apparently they're really, from what I read,
they're really into dash cams because I guess in traffic courts and stuff,
they don't take any sort of verbal arguments.
They have to have physical evidence.
And so because of altercations like that,
you know, any sort of car accident,
they want to have something to document it.
So that's why they do it.
You know, Nelly was born in Russia.
Did she have anything to say about it?
No.
Thank God it didn't happen here.
She was born in the Ukraine.
So it's a little different.
A little different.
Uh, interesting.
Well, I don't know what that has to say.
Yeah, Rob, everything Slavic is not Russian. Thank you.
Are you sure?
It was in the 80s.
I thought Canada was a state.
Anyhow, I don't know what that had to do with video games,
but as far as like nerd news goes,
like it was one of those things where I watched it.
I was like, oh my God.
You make a burning Legion joke.
Yes, I saw that on Twitter.
Kashi Meteor.
Someone Kashi Meteor.
Code Man in chat says it was Team Rocket.
Yes, I think I saw that one with the Super Bowl lights going out gif.
There was a gif of the lights going out and Team Rocket shows up.
I guess it was Goku.
All right.
Let's get into video games
and the video games that you have been playing this week
in a segment we call How Was Your Gaming Week?
Dark Sakura.
I just ate the fuck out of a Mars bar. That was awesome.
You inhaled that thing.
I love Mars bars.
Seriously, it's my favorite candy bar.
So I beat Mass Effect 2 again.
I started on Mass Effect 3
and got Fly Cam working.
But now,
you know, we got that patch 1.5
and none of my cheats
work anymore.
So I just figured out how to put in
key binding commands using the coalesced editor.
And now all I have to do is hit
zero for god mode.
No, but really,
I've beaten that game so many times it's not even funny.
I played WoW
for an hour.
And I
would actually log on and play more WoW
but I would like people
to run in dungeons with me so I don't have to
you know, plug it.
And
yes, I know that Mars bars
are Milky Ways but they're not the regular
Milky Ways. They taste better.
They're different-er.
They're actually from Mars.
They are.
And you don't even realize, I used to get Mars bars when I was a little kid
so having it say Mars with the packaging
on it and everything makes me
stupendously happy.
So, now if I can find
whatchamacallits I'd be even happier.
I played
I played
something else.
I don't remember what it was.
Oh yeah, Dan had a friend
over and they played through Contra hardcore
and then played
through Ghouls
and Ghosts
which was pretty fun because
my friend and I left
and then we came back
and they were still playing Ghouls and Ghosts
like hours later.
So I'm like, what playthrough were you on? Oh, just the beginning
of the second playthrough.
Really. So yeah.
And then I got
now this isn't a game but it's related to a game
I found the Mass Effect
Paragon Lost
for like 16 bucks brand new.
So I was like, what the hell, we just got our tax money
let's buy it.
It didn't suck.
The only thing that I really didn't like about it was
how the kroken were drawn.
I did not care for the character design.
And it got me in the feels.
Damn you Bioware.
So yeah.
Damn those feels.
Damn the battle tits.
Full speed ahead.
Alright, let's move on to Loki.
How was your gaming week, Loki?
I didn't play a whole ton this week.
I played, let's see, a little bit of Skyrim
I'm sure I started some of the
kind of DLC stuff
or not DLC stuff, the
mod quests
I guess if you will. There's one that's kind of
where you hire a boat and you can actually go
to a bunch of different islands and stuff.
And it was neat, I guess.
I mean, it's pretty well done.
And they voice acted everything
so that's a little weird hearing people that
don't sound like the five different
NPCs that are in the game.
They have voice, all the characters
it's ridiculous.
So I played a little bit of that
and then
a little bit of Borderlands
and
more Call of Duty.
We actually bought Map Pack 4
or Content Pack 4
so now we have a few more maps
that I've already kind of gotten sick of.
But we got to do something because
Grand Theft Auto 5 is not coming out
in May like we had hoped it was so
got to have something to tide us over.
And then I just got done playing
DDRX2
on my PC.
Even though, yes, that's an arcade
game, but it
runs on a PC so I played
it anyways.
And it isn't the versus
second mixing, that's 3 I guess.
But it's X2.
It's cool, looks like
Stepmania, I guess.
It looked a lot to me like the
Playstation 3 version of the game.
They just adapted that engine.
Or the Wii, DDR2 on the Wii.
I'm surprised they don't release a PC version.
It runs on a PC, there's
no work to be done.
Literally no work to be done.
Licensing would be the only thing.
I guess, but just put
Konami Originals in there.
Done. Put it on Steam. There you go.
Money. Just rolling in.
So there's that. And then my wife
has been taking
over the Xbox because she's been
playing Fable 3.
Really? Yeah.
That's not even the best Fable game.
She played Fable 2 all the way.
And so she's playing Fable 3.
Wow, this is your wife who usually makes fun of games.
Who's getting into Fable. Or is into Fable.
Yeah, she is into Fable.
Does she play good or bad? She's playing good.
Okay.
That game is...
It just makes me realize
how much Peter Molyneaux is full of
crap.
And he's just like talking
about all these different
enhancements
and all this is the first time
ever in the game and the dog is awesome
blah blah blah blah.
Okay, you're so full of shit it's not even funny.
By the way folks, is anyone still curious
about curiosity? Because I'm pretty sure
everybody's fucking forgotten about this
curiosity. No, you know who hasn't
forgotten about curiosity is Alan.
Because he'll be sitting there on my iPad and
he'll walk into the room and he'll be like,
Have you checked on the cube Rob? Have you checked on the cube? What's in the cube?
Did you find what's in the cube yet?
Break the touch. Break the cubes.
He does it just like that too. Break the cubes Rob.
I don't know what you would even
what that's going to be. I think it's going to just be like
whoever finally, the last person
to give that game up is going to be the winner
pretty much.
Well I was going to ask you about this because
there was that new Alien game
that came out this week from Gearbox
and it's been getting a lot of shit all over the internet
except for one site. Apparently really liked it.
But whatever. And then I went
on this Twitter thing. Now I don't know
shit about this game really but
I was kind of like, why is everybody getting on this one guy's
jock? Because you know one particular
organization seemed to like it.
And I was like, well isn't like a difference of opinion
okay? And it was really weird
because Metacritic retweeted or no
favorited one of my tweets. I was like, that was kind of
weird but okay.
Alright. But yeah
there was all this crap going on. I guess
a big part of it was that
a lot of the stuff they'd been showing at E3
and the type of stuff they'd been talking about
didn't actually come to fruition in the game.
Well yeah it makes a lot of sense.
And people are like, oh we're going to sue
and I'm just like
well game companies have been doing
this shit for years and you just brought up Peter
Molyneux. Like he's the master of this shit.
He makes up shit all the time.
Exactly. Who's trying to sue him?
I know nothing.
He's not really working
he's not really attached to any more Fable games
or anything like that as far as I'm aware.
There was Fable It's Not On Rails.
I seriously don't even know the name of the game.
It's just Fable It's Not On Rails.
Fable The Journey
Fable The Book The Game
The Series The Movie
I don't know. But yeah
even the whole Gearbox
well there's two jokes I made about it.
First off Gearbox you've got
Duke Nukem Forever Gearbox
and Borderlands Gearbox
well this is made by Duke Nukem
Forever Gearbox.
And then the second thing is
yeah it's just because they showed
more fancy features and stuff like that
that may have been running on a PC version
or something like that
that come time to actually
implement that on a console
oh we don't have the memory
bandwidth to do all these fancy
things we've got to scale it back a bit
or oh we don't have enough processing
power or the frame rates and shit
or whatever and so maybe that's why.
But then again why wouldn't they just
allow that to kind of run
unleashed on the PC
probably because it's a console port
I don't know.
Who cares?
Bad games happen all the time. Are you really surprised
that a movie tie-in game
is bad? Really?
I mean everyone's shocked that
this movie tie-in game is bad
I mean
it doesn't really matter it's just
yeah
we all really kind of hope that
Duke Nukem is as good as Borderlands
hell I thought Duke Nukem forever
this is going to be awesome because it's somebody of the guys that did Borderlands
No
No it's the team that did Duke Nukem forever
clearly
RossDielUT in our chatroom at
live.vognetwork.com says
differences is great but when there's literally one
that looks shady even with a game that doesn't get
well received there's always at least a group of
people who like the game
well yeah I mean you know
one guy liked the game but I can think of
like you know there's been like that one voice
that passionately defended it
Why does everyone have to be on the same page as far as like
you know what they say now it'd be different if they didn't mention
any of the flaws
but maybe they just thought that you know it didn't really
affect the game too much it's a person's
opinion one guy's opinion and you're just like
flipping shit over it
There's also no evidence in this scenario
I mean people are like oh because it's running next
to an ad for the same game it's clearly
been bought I can't believe first off
I can't believe I am the one
defending a big name site
like I'm usually the first one to
criticize that stuff Yeah because you know what they're going to sell ads
so they can run that site
Oh my gosh game sites sell game ads
get out but there's no further
evidence that this whole thing was you know
and so the Twitter wants to convict
and say this is full of shady it's not
like that whole scenario with what was the
freaking game at GameSpot that got that guy
Kane and Lynch Yeah that whole thing
like there was more evidence and there
was stuff that came out about that and all
the shady dealings and the guy himself basically
said you know yeah it was
you know there was some stuff going on
where the publisher was yanking it and all this stuff
I mean I don't know
I just think like the internet
should just get over it okay there was one
person that said it was good you know
well you know what somebody out there
probably liked Fusion Frenzy 2
somebody out there probably liked Yaris
it was free I like Silent Hill
Revelations the movie nobody
else like that I want it I need to see
it you and Ospher actually
Ospher on Twitter would defend that so there you
go it's something about being high on
leaderboards on VoG ActDef would probably like
it too well he did like it I
think look at oh my god
you know look at you know if you're gonna like blame
or mark games down just because
of like glitches and stuff like that then
Earth Defense Force 2017
should have gotten like a one out of ten
because that thing is
glitchy as hell there is
no physics
no physics whatsoever or at least
no realistic physics
it's just it's crap the AI
is completely retarded
so yeah it
happens get over it
Ross Steel UT in chat says and it
wasn't just Gearbox that was the problem with
the game it took seven fucking years to make
and had eight devs on it
Lincoln just came out
a movie by Steven Spielberg and that took like I think
18 years to make that's
why Sally Field was cast as Mary Todd
because she was cast in it like ten years ago
and you know had to defend
the casting of the part and stay with it it got nominated
for an Oscar sometimes things
get trapped in development hell it doesn't necessarily mean
they turn out bad like you're doing forever
well but that's that's that's not
helping my case actually L.A. Noire
I think was in development hell thank you that's
that's a better that's a good review thank you
Grand Theft Auto 5 just got delayed yeah
but that that had that hasn't been out
no that hasn't been that's very
long I mean it's not like this
Grand Theft Auto 5 came out in 2001
you know it's like wait a second
hey we're missing some numbers here
alright let's move on with
gaming week so we're gonna be here for an hour I'll talk
about my gaming week real quick and then we'll go to Flaco
I haven't played a lot of new stuff this week
because I've been having long hours
at work and you know when I come home I'm like
I have to raid in WoW or something but
I did play one new game and
it was something where it went
on sale this weekend and
so I get a text message from Shane
hey you should get Pokemon Black 2
it's on sale Black 2 has the
sassier Pokemon and it's on sale
right now at Best Buy so
you should get it I get a text an hour later
did you get it yet text an hour later
you know you can order it online you can just go pick it up after work
before it sells out and it's like you know
he keeps texting me like did you buy the Pokemon yet
why haven't you bought Pokemon why won't you take a good deal
you can talk about it on OLR so finally it's like
shut up alright I'll buy the game
so Jamie are you gonna get in the Pokemon now
pretty soon because you guys are all
talking like gateway
game addicts or something
yeah okay you say that now
let me see it you want to see it
no I want to see the box it's actually super cute
I don't care
alright so here's the thing
it's on the DS not the 3DS but the DS
and well then I could play it
but I don't care I've been having
fun with it you know what here's what I like
compared to Pearl it moves at a faster
pace it gives you all this shit up front
and you know you don't have to like go
forever and grind more and I
feel like there's a larger variety of Pokemon
at the beginning than there was in Pearl
and it's just kind of
little quality of life improvements
here's where the game kind of
like goes crazy though is that there's all these
like online things like
I can't figure out half this shit with the online
like some of it's in the
manual and some of it I tried to go online
I tried to have Shane explain some of it to me but it's just
it's so weird like
you can use your little
online gear to put your Pokemon
to sleep and then you go on the
website and you register for the website
and then you link your DS
to the website and then you
can do that Pokemon
that you just put to sleep you can
have in the virtual world that's kind of like Farmville
but you can also play these little online
games so your Pokemon can send
you things back in the regular game
once you tell your Pokemon to wake
up and then you launch your game again
and you hit the button
to tell it to wake up and go find where
like it's like oh my god
it's like an 18 step process
my brain just went somewhere really horrible the moment
you said put him to sleep
put him down sorry Pikachu
it's funny
but I mean it's not I can
appreciate that the Pokemon company is like trying to do
these new things with Nintendo's infrastructure
which I can't imagine is a
real delight to work with
but it just kind of goes to show
like the fact that there's
just all these bells and whistles that are
buried like five minutes deep is just I don't know
I feel like Pokemon kind of needs
a better interface like
it would be better if they could streamline
a lot of that maybe
the new 3DS version X and Y
will fix a lot of that because X and Y sure looks
good so it'll be
cool to see that
but yeah I mean don't let
my little rant get you wrong especially
for the core game about finding
the new Pokemon and challenging
the gym leaders and all that it's all
it's all solid and it moves at a faster pace
than the other games do so you'll get pretty
immediate rewards out of it
there's a medal system in the game since
Nintendo doesn't have an achievement system they did
their own little thing with medals and you can have
your little title when you go online
you know what
I found my copy of Pearl
did you? yeah it was dusty
yeah
I had played Pearl about three weeks ago
and then I was like gosh this
game kind of moves really slow but this one's
a little better actually it's a lot better
it's all animations
in the little cut scenes too which is much
better than what it was before
where it's just like you know you see them
like shake up and down and that's like their little
attack a little silly
you know what my cat's butt
makes me think of Pokemon
what? because she does
you know when you see the little Pokemon bounce
back and forth on the thing she does
this little thing now where she wiggles her butt and then
jumps back and forth and I'm like
Midna used fetch
or something
oh I should say this too I'm playing Pokemon Black 2
and I didn't play Black 1 and I'm
doing just fine it's like the sequel thing
not an issue and I can appreciate
that that you know it didn't have to like they
always reference like all the people that you
talk to are like two years ago this happened
two years ago this happened so I guess that's
kind of its way of catching you up so that's
that's kind of cool I guess
what is this that you're showing me?
that okay that internet meme is seriously
15 years old I know I think it's
great that someone still remembers it
she's showing me the pictures of the cat oh is that in chat room?
yeah the pictures of the cats
playing Pokemans and it says my Pokemans
let me show you them I saw that cat picture like 15 years ago
I'm saving it
alright Flaco Jones
how was your gaming week? it was pretty good
I got to play a lot of games this week or not a lot
of games but a lot of two games
and the first one was
Unfinished Swan I kind of
bought it on Super Bowl Sunday just because
I played the demo which is basically
just the first level and really liked
it and my wife kept pestering me
she's like why don't you just buy this game
we love playing the demo but then we have to stop
and it's like okay I'll buy the game
then I was mad because I missed out it was on sale
and I missed the sale by like a day and I was like
well I could have saved five
dollars she's like just buy it who cares
that's really rough when your wife is sitting
there saying buy the damn game
Flaco buy the game
just buy it I don't care if it's not on sale
like what kind of bizarro world do you live in
well I'm really glad I bought it because it was
an awesome game and we
ended up playing it a lot on Super Bowl Sunday
we'd go back and forth I'd watch a little game
we'd play some more of that I tweeted about that
and my tweet was actually favorited by the level designer
of the game so I didn't hashtag
anything but I guess you can
get stuff come up
this tweet deck
I think allows you to run one feed for
your Twitter and so but you can also
run a search and it'll pop right up there
like okay do you remember
when we had Ronnie from Big Brother
Eleven on Horde House a couple weeks ago
yeah uh okay so we
got him uh this
was really Shane and X for his doing I can't take credit
we got him addicted to Frog Fractions
but I sent which is that Flash
game and if you haven't heard of it it's hilarious
but Shane and X for won't shut up about that game so they were talking
about it on the show so I sent Ronnie
the link and I said something like
here's Frog Fractions you're welcome
I've ruined your life or whatever or something like that
and the guy who wrote
Frog Fractions favorited it
like I didn't hashtag it
I didn't include him he just randomly
sees the tweet I guess so it's
just funny like and I'm assuming
Metacritic found my other thing this
week in a similar fashion yeah probably
if you mention anybody they'll have they have someone who's
watching the Twitters and will exactly watch
what you say on Twitter
so yeah so I played that
and mainly I had gotten all the trophies
except for we still needed
the hardest trophy to get in the game
was to do the first level
only using three paintballs
and the point of the game is you splatter paint around
at least the first part of the game
you splatter paint around to see where you're going
and it's kind of like a puzzler
it's kind of built like a shooter though
you know cause you just have like you're just shooting paintballs
all over the place can you make dirty noises while you're doing it
cause the way you describe it where you're like shooting paint everywhere
you could make these really disgusting noises like
then
not quite like that it just sounds like a
paintball gun
so uh
we did that my wife kind of
talked me through oh okay what next time you play
you should try it there was something in that game that did
make a dirty sound I can't remember it now though
especially with the wife around not the kids so much
but with the wife around see they're always around when we play
the game that's because they love it so much
but yeah so we we we did that my wife
talked me through it she found a guide
online and it's like walk backwards
until you hit a wall walk left until you
hit a wall walk straight you'll hear
leaves cracking under your feet cause you
pretty much do level blind everything's
completely whited out so I
we got that trophy and that was our 100% for that
so that was really cool and the other game
I played of course was Ni No Kuni
I passed the 31 hour mark
last night and I played a little bit more today
did it go downhill after 15 hours?
no I have no idea what that
was about I don't know maybe my hours are different
than other people's because I've been doing everything
so I guess you can't really get
I don't know can you hit a wall
if you're just doing everything? I don't think so
I feel like you hit a wall if you're trying to
speed do it really fast and then you kind of
hit a wall because maybe you haven't leveled enough
maybe you haven't gone out there cause it is pretty
grindy though I found it it's not
super grindy for me because if I do the quest
in the process of doing the quest I fight enough battles
that I level up and it's not
really felt grindy to me but I
could see how people would think it's
too grindy but I don't mind that
I mean Secret of Mana is really really
grindy and there's no quest in that you just have to go out and
grind grind grind to get your party up
old school Final Fantasy games were very very
very grindy so I mean compared to
what we used to play it's not
grindy at all it's a walk in the park
I felt a lot like playing WoW you know doing these
quests and going out and finding
rare pets and things like that that's what I've
really been getting hooked into is
finding all these familiars I look at some online
like what's the best one like oh I want to get that
so I go find one and I get it and
you have to fight a while because the taming is kind of random
you can't just tame it you just have to wait for it
to kind of fall into your lap
I've gotten very lucky apparently
I spent an hour
trying to get uh what is that town
Alma Moon the one with the milk right
yeah were you trying to get the babanas the big
uh banana guys
I had to search for the banana guys
for an hour
an hour and then finally
I trapped one and then here's the hilarious
part right because for that quest you have to get the banana
and the turban monkey right yeah so
I go and I'm like all excited so
I go to turn in the banana and he's like oh you
got the bananas but you didn't get the turban monkey
well what I didn't realize is that the turban
monkey had evolved
because I had him in my party so the
turban monkey evolved so I had to go get another
one they don't evolve unless you give him a
treat well he was in my party
I wanted him to evolve I didn't realize that was
so adorable I'm gonna feed you
he was so hungry I wanted him
I don't evolve very quickly don't feed him after midnight
yeah I fed him after midnight and that was my mistake
yeah well that's pretty bad
I could have screamed
I could have screamed that's why I haven't played in a
week and a half I'm still punishing the game
well see when I do those quests I usually go
out and just do that because I consider
that kind of one of my grind sessions because I know those
I think it's only come up
one at a time in a different town but
and then that's like the first thing I'll do I'm like oh this is a
good time to grind because this
one quest requires a lot of grinding so I'll go out
and I'll go tame the three pets
and then I'll bring them back and I bring them back
right away so I didn't realize
I wouldn't have metamorphosized them anyway
but I didn't know that was something
that would mess it up so now it's good to know
you don't ever evolve your
I have only evolved the main ones that I use
I don't evolve a lot of them
I evolve them all
well if you hold on to them a little bit their stats get better
and the stats carry over
I always hold them long enough so that they get every ability
like I look at their abilities to make sure I'm not gonna miss
anything by evolving them but then I'll evolve them
yeah that's usually a good point to do
some of them I hold out longer
because some of them are more like late bloomers and stuff
so you can actually stretch them out a little bit longer
have more stats carry over
it's not a big deal if you're just gonna play through the game and beat it
but there's some end game stuff in there
some post game that there's certain pets that are
really strong and so if you just
kinda keep them in your party just let them level
they'll be like really powerful by the end of the game
and you do the colosseum stuff
like I already did the first round of the colosseum
and I beat that and it was really hard
but I got through that
the fencer puppy is really good right?
or is it a kitty?
yeah I have that he's pretty good
I still like them on might and I look online and people say
oh the mighty might's not that good
but I don't know I really like him
he's got a shield he defends really well
he blocks out of attacks I use him I still use him as my main guys tank
so
yeah I don't know people complain about him though
I guess but the cat is getting better
the cat's lower too
but I've metamorphosized both those guys
I just kinda have two metamorphosized pets
and I always use my third slot just as like a leveling slot
and I did just get the new Nino Cooney one
the one that's free on the Playstation network
I was just gonna ask you to talk quickly about the downloads
cause there's a free like what gold one
or something?
it's a little well mine was a little red dragon
and I named it Little Strazza
a little WoW reference cause it looks like
it reminds me of Alex Strazza in the Red Dragons
like it looks just like a red whelpling from WoW
so I named it Little Strazza and uh
yeah and it's a little red dragon
and I've not even used it in combat yet
but it's
I've heard it's pretty good and I looked online
most of the dragons are really good
so I'm gonna work on that one
you reminded me about names have you really just sat there
and read some of the suggested names
cause every Pokemon that you can pick in the game
has like four suggested names
and some of them are so fucking funny
like the Turban Monkey thing
uh one of the suggested names was Turbanula
I died
I died some of them are so
funny I need to look at that now
I look at the first one and I always change it
always cycle through cause there's four for each one
well I named him Toad Bandit cause he looked kinda like
Toad but with a bandit mask on
so you're Toad Bandit
ok so though I have to ask this
cause this is always the thing that pissed me off in the old ones
is it when you rename them they keep that name
like forever through all of their evolutions
but does it still let you know what
they originally are? you know he's talking
Ni No Kuni and not Pokemon right?
I'm sorry I was thinking of Pokemon
it's really a lot
it's pretty much the same fucking thing
I never played Pokemon but now I'm kinda interested cause I'm like
this game's really fun maybe I would like Pokemon cause I like
getting my familiars I like feeding them
the combat is the totally different part
I'm sorry I had looked down for a moment
and then I hear pets and I hear naming and I'm like
Pokemon?
to answer your question even though you didn't ask about this
you can rename them
but it will say what the name of their
kind of general familiar is
so if you need to look something up on that you can
for anyone else who's interested in that
and that was my gaming week
Ni No Kuni lots of it
Ni No Lots of Kuni
housekeeping twitter.com
slash olr we're also on facebook
facebook.com slash orange lounge radio
and on google plus as well please consider joining
our fan communities I don't think we have any special
events or anything of note coming up so
I mean episode 500 but that's not until April
we still don't know what we're doing yet
should be fun
alright let's move into some gaming
news tonight and talk about what's
going on in the world of gaming some big news today right
Logie? Yeah so today Bungie
revealed Destiny
and they have like a little kind of behind
the scenes development video that showed
actual I'm pretty
sure no actual gameplay
or if there was it was so insignificant
that I didn't remember
but basically
Destiny is this
always on persistent
kind of first person
shooter adventure
I guess where you
take on these guardians
of kind of one of the last
civilizations
in the solar system
and you kind of venture out to
different planets and stuff like that and fight
aliens and
all sorts of stuff so it's kind of I think
what you know originally the description was
kind of like a single player co-op
and you know
multiplayer game all mixed together
all at once
it should be interesting
I'm not sure exactly how
how they're going to how you're going to
interact with their people it was going to be like kind of an emo
this reminded me it sounded a lot like
fantasy star I guess
you know where as that was
you know fantasy star online
that's a good way of putting it that is
kind of what it sounds like where it's like you have the
central hub type of thing but you can go out with
friends and I guess
they were showing I actually did watch one of
the four minute videos they put out where
they showed how the iPhone I'm assuming
Android as well would integrate with it where you could like
send messages like let's meet up on Venus
or something like that I don't know
and you can let's meet up on Uranus
hahaha
let's do some
grinding on Uranus dark side of Uranus
alright anyways
yeah so it
looks neat I mean definitely
a huge franchise
they've got like a ten year plan with it
and they're just gonna
wait wait wait ten year plan
the game announced for PlayStation
3 and Xbox 360 right?
I think it's going to be probably
Xbox 360, PlayStation 3
and then probably whatever next gen consoles also
so their ten year plan
is how to get you to buy it three times
is that really what the ten year plan consists of?
it's got to be right?
I'm not sure
yeah I think so because they're going to get you
on the PlayStation 3 and 360 where the game
comes out which it's assuming
the game comes out this holiday season
Destiny is going to be going up against
these new consoles which
if Destiny is as ambitious as they say
I mean go back to our last weeks show
about how
much these new consoles
really need to be here right now and if people
are going to adopt them
I would imagine there's versions of
Destiny in development for these
PlayStation 4 and Xbox
next to the world
but it's definitely not going to be just next gen
they can't
Activision is smart enough to know
we're not going to gamble on
next gen right away
they're going to do it like okay we're going to put out
the current gen stuff and we're going to put out the next gen
stuff at the same time that way if you want the next gen
version of the game you will have it
if you want a current gen version of the game you can have that too
because they know that there's a huge
install base already why cut out
all that money?
and none for Wii U buy
that's hard to say with Activision
I mean because they've got
they have been supporting the Wii U quite a bit
and they even have a few games coming out although
I mean out in the hot excited I began
about like re-releasing
the amazing Spiderman
that was the Xbox 360 version
now they're adding DLC and re-releasing that
they have Wii U version 4
The Walking Dead
and even though they did Call of Duty
and Call of Duty kind of flopped on the Wii U
they're still supporting the Wii U
actually Activision is a pretty strong supporter
of the Wii U right now
maybe followed up by
Ubisoft although
you know a lot of their games
aren't coming to the Wii U
I would say
I would see a Wii U version of this coming out
I mean especially if they're doing an Xbox 360 version
why not they would work
did you find the lack of PC interesting?
because I sure did
yeah a little bit
I mean the PC is the thing that could
evolve over those 10 years
and the PC is the one thing that will still be here
you know us people upgrade their own PCs for other purposes
but this is so early that they could very well come out with a PC version for it
I mean who's to say
that there's not going to be a PC version for it
this is just kind of like
hey we're announcing this thing
really say which consoles it's going to be on
so they didn't say it wasn't going to be on PC
it's just
I don't know
what did you think about all this?
what do you think?
because I have an opinion that others might not agree with
but what do you think Loki?
but I don't know really much about it yet
I mean I'm not going to be like oh my god Bungie made it
I got to go buy it
I didn't really buy Halo
I bought Halo 3
that was the only Halo game I ever owned
and I was just kind of like okay this is hard
I mean it's just not like
I don't lose my shit over Bungie games
I'm going to be blunt
a lot of this felt like smoke up my ass
this whole video I watched
this whole pomp and circumstance
this is our big ambition
and I really felt like
half that video was like
well you know we made Halo
and we got to follow up to that and Halo was this
and we've poured all our company into this
since Halo and Halo Halo Halo Halo
like they had to name check Halo
but here's the thing that gets me about that
Halo was a great game, don't get me wrong
Halo 2, one of the greatest
video games ever made
and here's the problem I have with a lot of that comparison
is that Halo 4
which Bungie didn't do
was better than Halo 3
yes
absolutely in many ways was better than Halo 3
better than Halo 2
I don't know
gaming was a lot different with all those years in between
and Halo 2 really pushed so many things
forward in a different way
but you know Halo 4 they didn't have anything to do with
and it was a better game than what they did
at the end of the run
I'm not the only one thinking it okay
so when they talk about all this
Destiny stuff and like you know how much
of their Halo influence and all this has to do
I'm kind of like
now are they saying that they had
one foot out the door when ODST
and all this stuff was being done and they were already
working on Destiny or what
what stock am I putting into this
because really I felt like all we heard
about today was an idea
and although some of it's interesting like the iPhone
integration and
you know what this felt like?
this felt like a Kickstarter video
like at the very end
at the very end they're gonna like
okay and now we need you to back this
pre-order it we need you to go pre-order it
and back the game yes
that is a great comparison
that is really what it felt like
it felt like somebody's Kickstarter video
and it's like
and there was very little gameplay in it
there was some gameplay
I sort of remember
the gameplay I saw was
nothing new
nothing new but granted it was three seconds
of gameplay but I looked at it and went
okay so you can co-op with your friends
and maybe they're gonna be putting like
a warlock type class and a hunter class
and a first person shooter
in more of a mass effect way than a
Diablo way but I'm still like
I mean I'm not convinced
that this is like the OMG
rule breaking
game that's gonna have a ten year cycle
well here's the thing I'm wondering though
cause if you have this coming out and this is supposed to be
like a first person shooter let's just say
where are they gonna put this as far as in
comparison to Call of Duty I mean if it's gonna
release with a next gen console
or something like that or around that time
I mean you're gonna
it's pretty crowded in the fourth quarter
you're gonna have Grand Theft Auto in September
you're gonna have some massive games in
November you're gonna have another Call of Duty
game you're gonna have
it's just
where are they gonna put a game of this
size I guess
I don't know it's Activision
it's gonna be weird to see them
splitting their resources as far
as marketing goes between Destiny
and Call of Duty I'm wondering if they're kinda like
well Call of Duty's just not quite
you know what it used to be we're just gonna
kinda back burner that
a little bit and just kinda release something
that's a slight upgrade and people will buy
it and then we'll focus all of our
money into this because this is our
10 year deal thing
I'm looking
at some comments in our chat room at
live.vognetwork.com code man says
this is the first I've heard of this game is that
bad?
No because when you really need to hear about
the game is you know just before the game comes out
those week one sales but this is
their efforts to get more people talking
about it success here we are and now you've
been educated on it so here's the thing too
why announce it now it's like a really weird
time to announce it I mean why not
it's an empty floor in Telly 3
why is Sony doing a big announcement next week
there's not a lot of other stuff
video game things for people to be writing about
Sony I think needs something you know because
right now you know they don't have any
Playstation I mean they kind of announced
their slate of Playstation 3 titles with
The Last of Us and
then they've got you know
a couple games that I don't think a lot of
people care about like Puppeteer
and was it the
Beyond
Beyond Two Souls which Beyond Two Souls
looks alright but I mean let's be honest that's not going to be
like this huge it's
it's still kind of niche I mean
the genre and
then their Puppeteer game which I got to be honest
their kind of
kids' titles aren't doing very well or the
children's titles I guess or younger
skewed titles
so I think they have to
really come out with you know
here's what our game plan is you guys
you know stick with us you know especially
with the Vita because holy crap
Vita there's nothing really announced other than
we know there's that new game from
Media Molecule there's going to be
the Killzone shooter game and
and what? There could
be some type of ace in the hole
with the next Playstation we don't know how
the next Playstation will interface with the Vita
could it do a Wii U type of thing
because that apparently now everybody feels like they have to call you
you know because I know
we're going to be talking about a lot of it next week and even
a little bit later in the show but like
my bar for the Playstation 4
right now is set so fucking low
that's good though that's a good place
for Sony to be in isn't it?
don't they want I mean if the bar is low that's
actually good news yeah
because they could really kick your ass
with these expectations
but here's the thing I'm setting the bar so low
because I don't think they're going to hit that even
I mean it's just I don't expect anything
from them I just I'm expecting to be
kind of like
huh okay cool
well here's the other thing too is
remember guys it's February
and the console won't be out until
November I'm sure is a safe bet if it's not
delayed right
so you know
don't expect them to say a lot
you know maybe we'll get some pictures
maybe we'll see a couple
of the games but don't expect
price don't expect release
date don't expect all the bells and whistles
expect an idea
of what Sony thinks the next
generation of gaming is please God
do not be Facebook
just don't I don't know
social game I really
just I'm going to get irritated
if I hear that word too much at the same time
hmm I kind of hope
I kind of hope that they have announcements like that because we need
some more memes seriously
we need more
well this is why it's a pre-recorded thing
Namco Namco
I bet I'm expecting a Ridge Racer
okay I'm expecting a Ridge Racer
game it's been a while okay
I need a new Ridge Racer game
alright I'm going to move on with news from a company
we always expect great things from
which had a surprising announcement this week
that they actually let some people go
it's Valve
yeah apparently up to 25
people were affected by these changes
now a lot of this is very vague
but some of this came from a tweet
hardware designer Jerry Ellsworth wrote a tweet
that said yep got fired today time
for new exciting projects
so that was somebody
at Valve and was working on hardware
and the
internet did some more research and found out
that part of what she had been working on was living room
PC controllers
also affected
thanks to internet research
director of business development Jason
Holtman had left the company
some employee
pages on Valve's site actually changed
pretty significantly
very interesting
renewal did end up commenting on this to
Engadgett
so
it could have nothing to do with
layoffs maybe something
it could be a personnel issue although
that's a hell of a
speculation
let's just say that he was working on
controllers
I don't think they really need to
work on a controller because it's already
kind of integrated with the Microsoft Xbox 360
controller
why do we need another controller?
Steambox would come with its own controller
yeah but whatever
just use another third party controller
I don't think they really need to
make another controller
just use an existing controller
support any controller
here's the other thing
as much as it sucks this is just the ebb and flow
of the game industry is that layoffs sometimes
happen at really weird times for reasons
because the project is done
and you have a lot of projects where it goes from one
to another and it's not like the business is always
constant there's not projects that
go on forever unless
maybe Bungie is feeling pretty good with Destiny or whatever
but if Destiny doesn't do very well
oh if that flops
that will hose the whole
company but anyway that's neither here nor there
projects start and projects end
and if there's not a new project to go to when
one project ends people are let go
it sucks but it happens that's the game
industry so
it's just weird to hear it coming from
Valve because it's like dude shouldn't he
be working on Half Life 3?
but who knows what they have up their sleeve
oh no there could be no Half Life 3
we will be waiting forever
I still if you want to sell
a million of those Steam Boxes
just announce two exclusives
announce one exclusive
anything that ends in 3
coming out of Valve I'm talking
Half Life 3, Portal 3
Left 4 Dead 3, Team Fortress 3
any of those gets the lead
on the Steam Box
Steam Box will sell more than we do
Half Life 2, Episode 3
Half Life 3, Portal 3
Team Fortress 3 and
you'll outsell Wii U in like a day
and maybe like
Garry's Mod X3 I don't know
alright let's move on
Dark Saga
how about something that's
a little less frustrating
as soon as I can get a stupid
iPad to work
ok so
there have been some leaks
and there's people are kind of
oh ok you know
taking it a little bit in stride
but there is a few issues
that are coming out with the
DualShock 4 release image
who all here has seen it
so I don't
ok
well the controller itself
and the photo by the way
also shows that that might be a dev kit
for the Orbis dev kit
but they're saying that
you know just on the
items pointed out on the controller
itself is that there's the two point multi
touch pad
the move tracking light on the controller
itself
the loudspeaker and a headphone
socket and then they're talking
about what they're seeing on the
what they're I'm guessing to be the
Orbis dev kit would be
a 50 gigabyte Blu-ray drive
two USB 3.0
slots and
just a number of other things
they're basically saying that
it's
going to be some pretty
hardcore material and they have
a lot of high hopes for the controller
now honestly I think that that might be
a little too much in the controller I'm actually wondering
how much it's going to weigh
and I don't think it's going to come out with
all of the things that they're trying to
pump into it but it's interesting
it does raise some questions
I think it's actually it's not multi
touch on that touch pad it's just
single and there's the rear touch pad
from the Vita isn't it?
the rear one is multi touch
you can pinch and stuff like that
but what's kind of different
about it though is they're saying that it's
basically going to be used for interfaces and basic
stuff I don't even know why you need it to be
honest and then
of course they are reshaping the
trigger buttons on there they say
they're supposed to be a little bit more springy like the
360 stuff
surely you've all seen the gif of where
the little move light is actually a
siren and then the little screen is flashing
used game, used game, used game
that's the purpose of the
screen
the little loud speaker
so Popo can come get you
it looks like the analog sticks they've got a little
difference on the top of it it's kind of
got a little bit of lip on the edge of
the actual sticks themselves
so that your thumbs don't fall off of them
like they do on the PS3 ones
the one thing that they're saying with this one
is actually that they were
saying that there wasn't a corresponding
touch on the
back this is on the front of the controller
is where the touch is showing
well that's good because the rear touch
on the Vita
especially since I like to drum my fingers on the back of the controller
that would just be irritating
and then the other things there's a
share button on there that was spotted
in the upper left
hand corner of the touch pad area
that actual speaker spot
they're saying might actually be a microphone
kind of similar
to what's on the Vita I guess
or could it maybe pick
finally it picks up your voice
like there's a built in cross voice chat
thing on Playstation like there should have been all along
it could be I mean that would be pretty nice if it
had like a built in headset
in there where you could put your headphones plugged in
wouldn't it be cool if the little screen could show you your
opponent?
I think it's one goldmine
that we use missing
we got this virtual console and all this stuff
why can't I play games online
with my friends and video chat with them at the same time?
the problem though is I don't think that would work
because if you think about it there's no camera
on the actual controller itself
that you can see
no I don't think there's actually a camera
you would see a camera on that
I mean I don't think
here's what I want to know
so they've got that little bar at the end that's basically
supposed to be like the move stuff
how the fuck are you supposed to do that
as like a move controller
I mean it doesn't really seem like that would be comfortable
at all
because I remember you can use the dual shock
3 for the kind of
nunchuck portion if you will
I bet there's a way you grip it sideways
you can probably grip it sideways
and like use your fist
I understand that you could probably grip it sideways
but your fingers would probably naturally
your fingers would want to go over that light
because you'd be holding on to the middle of it
and your hand's going to want to go over
that sensor in the middle
I just don't think that's a good design
either that or they're going to have a separate
move related something
and this is going to be more for just like
a gestural almost like the 6 axis
yeah I'm wondering if it's not
I think it's going to be more like that
because that technology is pretty good that they have on the move
so I wonder if it isn't some way to improve
6 axis in a way
maybe instead of
you need to remember very important
this is a prototype big word
there this will change
this is not what the controller is going to look like
so maybe the light doesn't ultimately look like that
maybe it could be grippy
I'm making shit up
there could be other things we don't see on it now
these things can and will change
they always always do so that's not
the final look of that controller
that'll be interesting I still don't understand what they're
going to use that touchpad for
the share button idea I guess that's kind of neat
but once again that also kind of scares me
because that gets in the whole social
gameplay stuff you know where
oh I'm going to share this clip on my Facebook
you guys can watch me
beat up this hooker
well you're getting the Ouya aren't you?
doesn't that have a touchpad on the front as well?
so maybe you'll get a little preview and see how it works
the touchpad on the front of the Ouya I believe
is multi-touch and I think that's meant for playing
like other
Android games that would not use
the controller like you could actually use that
to play
Angry Birds or something like that
cause I'm like how do you
translate on a tiny little screen
what's going to happen on the
that is tough yeah cause you wouldn't
it's not as easy as looking at a touch screen
where okay I can see where my finger is
I know where I'm hitting but you know
having it translate
although you say that but then you know
we all use touchpads so
we seem to figure out a way around that
going to our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com
uh Black Wolf
host of the Bobby Black Wolf Show
name checks Uno in a comment to me
and I'm assuming that is in response to when I'm talking
about have a video camera so other people can watch
I mean Uno was a huge selling game
I don't know if it was because of the camera future
well but I mean cause the game's
years old it was a huge seller
no it was five bucks
five or ten yeah
you got the camera
the camera upgrade was free it didn't originally
support the camera cause the camera wasn't out yet
but then when the little vision cam came out
they did a free upgrade for it
let's see what else
there was a comment from whatupG
Sony just show what they want
the PS4 controller to be
and then change big time like the boomerang did
boomerang is an excellent example
of how things can and will change
or a perfect example
the zapper controller
that they showed at E3
for the Wii that looked fucking amazing
and then they put out a piece of plastic shit
so works in reverse too
it could
alright let's move on with more news
speaking of Nintendo
they had some announcements
and it's very exciting if you're
a 3DS owner
lots of news for you guys including game announcements
they announced a brand new Mario
and Luigi Dream Team
kind of a new game in that franchise
also
that's supposed to be coming out
for the 3DS
I don't think it was
they have a special deal now
if you haven't bought a 3DS
if you buy the 3DS
XL and Luigi's Mansion
or Pokemon Mystery Dungeon
you get a free game
including Super Mario 3D Land
or Professor Layton's Miracle Mask
and Star Fox 64 3D
and some other games you probably don't want
Mario Golf
World T coming to the 3DS
this summer
so that's kind of exciting
there's a new Mario game
Mario and Donkey Kong game
more puzzle stuff, that's going to be coming to the 3DS
eShop as well as a new
Dylan's Rolling Western
The Last Ranger
that's going to be coming out on March 11th
which actually that's supposed to be
kind of a pretty cool game as well
The Harmony Knight
The Harmony Knight and Curseploosh
Curseploosh is a really weird premise
Have you ever wondered what it's like
to be a rock thrown down a well?
No
Well now you can
Doomplague in chat says was Fire Emblem on that list
No, but they talked a lot about Fire Emblem
at the Nintendo Direct
Yeah, Fire Emblem wouldn't be on that list because Fire Emblem was coming out
I think that just came out
Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D
for the 3DS
coming out
And last but not least, the most important news
June 9th, North America
June 14th in Europe
Animal Crossing New Leaf
coming out
The better question is
though, what did they have for the Wii U?
And
not a whole lot actually
The Wii U, couple announcements
One, they're going to have a pretty massive piece of
DLC that's going to be coming out for
New Super Mario Brothers U
So that'll be coming out later on
Oh, I'm sorry
Yeah, it's alright, you're biting some of my stories
I do have other stuff on Wii U
Just one little thing
Honestly, I checked it out this week
and it's not really that big a deal
It's Wii Street U
which is the Google enhanced thing
It's basically Google Maps for your Wii U
You know what?
It's neat because it's something different
you can't really get anywhere else
and it is pretty smooth
It's a pretty smooth experience
How is Google Maps on the Vita?
Because of the whole fact it's got the gyroscope
and you can kind of look around
I'll have to show it on the Vita?
I think you just get the normal maps
I don't know if it does the whole sensor
Does it? Or even with phones
I think you can do that
Not on Google Earth on iPhone
No, this operates very differently
and it's all set up so that
there's places already bookmarked
to go take a look at and stuff
The interface is interesting
I mean, it's neat
It's the type of thing you would see as a demo
but it's not exactly
going to sell any systems or make people
feel like, ooh, there's all this new value in my system
I like how they said free for a limited amount
of time, like someone's really
going to buy this one
I don't know if I would have paid money for it
unless it was really, really cheap
So, I don't know
The Super Luigi DLC looks
interesting though because it sounds like they're talking about
basically just redoing the whole game almost
and they're going to redo all the levels and everything
Yeah, that's a perfect way of putting out another
new Super Mario Brothers game
without actually putting out another new Super Mario Brothers game
It's done with DLC
You know what though? I'm okay with that
because you're talking about $20 DLC versus $60 game
We don't know what the price is on that
Oh, I don't think they could get away with charging more
I guess we'll see
You should be careful what I say
but I can't imagine it's going to be as much
as you think it is
Also, on the Wii U
a new Miiverse community
for Zelda
I actually
watched the Nintendo Direct and they did
kind of make a little bit of a deal about this
where they're like, it's the first Miiverse
community, it's not tied to a game where you can talk
about Zelda and you know it's just going to be
a bunch of people with a really creative artwork
and so forth
which I guess it's neat but it's weird to me
that this is a
big deal
Oh, it's a new Miiverse community that doesn't have
a game behind it, what a fucking concept
That's stupid, and the other thing too
is we love your amazing artwork
couldn't you think of an idea of
hey, how about we put some places
where you can showcase that artwork
we'll have a new Miiverse channel for that since
I'm pretty much going to guess
Well, Loki, it's showcased when you turn the system on
That's all built into the whole
I understand that, but I'm just saying
that this is basically the equivalent of a
forum, how hard is it to
create a sub-forum in a forum
Apparently really difficult for Nintendo
engineers Let's also not forget
though that this forum is coming to iPhones
which was a pretty big announcement of the last
Nintendo Direct, so they're kind of setting the stage
for that, but again
I like Miiverse
There's a lot about it I do like
and I've talked about that before when I talked about
the Wii U in general
but I don't think this is like a game changer
It's a logical next step
Here's my worry
Maybe theory or something
This whole thing
they're all like, oh there's a lot of news
that's going to get Nintendo Wii U fans
and 3DS fans
This is so that
you guys know there's stuff coming
There wasn't really anything for the Wii U
though, it was all 3DS
so which makes me wonder
how far away are we from an announcement that
the 3DS games are going to start playing on the Wii U
gamepad, because they have a ton of shit
coming out for the 3DS and
nothing coming out for the Wii U
It makes perfect sense to say, hey
2 birds 1 stone, there you go
They won't be in 3D, but no one uses
the 3D feature anyways, we'll just have
the top screen up on the TV
bottom screen up on your gamepad, done
eShop
What gets me is that
they did this whole thing about
it's the year of Luigi
and they really went all out
They had a little dancing Luigi behind Reggie
and every little shot of one of their talking heads
had a little Luigi doll back there
but I was like, okay the only Luigi
stuff I really caught was Luigi's Mansion
which we already knew that was a thing
and that was going to be coming, and then they say
Luigi's a character in the golf game
and then this Luigi DLC
which is cool, yes, but
to brand it all as the year of Luigi
I was kind of like
yay
You know what you need is a Waluigi vs. Luigi
game
Just, you know, I don't know
Just say we've got Luigi content
Whatever, whatever
Well that makes me wonder, when is this new
Super Luigi content coming out
If it's the year of Luigi, it's not going to be
first half of the year
So you could be waiting for this crap until
fourth quarter
I got it, a new Mario is missing
Did we say the year of Luigi? We meant the
decade of Luigi
I mean, I'm just
The eventually
Once again, I would have thought
Especially after all these announcements of delays
Even some delays by Nintendo
Like of their first party titles
That they would have said, hey, you know what
I know you guys are concerned because there's some titles
being delayed, here's what we have coming
So that, you know, but they had nothing
They had nothing to announce
Oh, Doom Plague mentions in our chat room
The part of the Luigi thing
was also a new Mario and Luigi game
Where you're inside Luigi's dream
Okay, yes, I forgot about that
But that still sounds like Luigi's the supporting
character to me. You are inside his dream
So... I don't want to be
inside Luigi How are you
Luigi inside Luigi? You're not
It's Luigi-ception
It's like Mario Innerspace
So again, it's not like
Okay, so it's just
These were all things that existed where like
Stretch people, we need a
theme, people
What's the theme, people?
I just watched Nightmare on Elm Street
Let's, you know, go inside the dream
The Pikmin, they're in Luigi's backyard
The Pikmin versus
Garden Gnomes
Lego City Stories
Luigi
Scene Legos
Luigi likes Legos
Luigi likes Legos
Ah
Crap
Legend of Zelda Wind Waker
They're both green! Yes?
Yes? Green?
The Legend of Luigi
Alright, let's move on with more news
And then we'll get to release dates
Dark Sakura
Jeez, well
Back to the, and this is now we're getting into
depressing. The Wii U
has sold a few systems
A few, and by a few I mean
55,000 in January
And this is just US numbers
Do you know how many Xbox 360's
were sold?
281,000. So a system
that's already been out for a few years
is outselling the brand new
Wii U. And is cheaper and has more games
to be fair. But
still, you know
they, um
their goal was supposed to be
I think over 100,000
well, well over that really
but they've completely undersold
and so now, um
they're, uh
they had announced
that if it had sold
um, uh, if
that it sold
3.06 million
worldwide as of December
but
now, um, their forecast of
5.5 million has gone down to 4 million
worldwide. And I bet it's gonna go down again
at the end of this month. I don't see any more
systems, there's no games
there literally is no Wii U games coming
out this month. None.
I think that they're really
probably looking to the handheld market to
uphold their console market
It gets me though that everybody
is crying that it's the death of Nintendo
and now Nintendo will be forced to do
Mario games on the 360
Ha ha ha ha
This is the, the unfortunate thing
is that this is the exact same
fucking thing as the 3DS.
Exact same thing.
The 3DS launched
with a couple of good games, then
literally nothing. What, we got
Ping Pals was a big release
on the 3DS. That was not
on 3DS. Oh no, I was regular DS. I don't know
It's still, with a Spongebob
game. You had shit on the 3DS
for a long time and then finally
they dropped the price and like a couple
years later the 3DS is bomb.
And hopefully Nintendo can make
magic work twice. I think
the only danger part is that Nintendo
is gonna have to work that magic
twice and they may have to drop the price of the
Wii U in order to do it. Well maybe then I'd get
one. Yeah, I think that's awesome. But I still don't have a 3DS.
You know, so
Special year of Luigi
green Wii U
I don't wanna see
a green Wii U
I'm wondering what they're gonna
do with the price, especially when these new
consoles launch because it's gonna be
tough if they're having trouble
getting people to be interested in it now.
When you have all that buzz of
all these awesome Wii U's. Especially
if, god forbid, you know
that Destiny or something like that is not
on the Wii U.
Granted I was on the Wii U
Destiny's on the Wii U
Madden's not on the Wii U
People are gonna be like, well why do I need a Wii U?
Yeah but if Zelda's on the Wii U
It's Wind Waker though!
I'm not even talking about Wind Waker
I'm talking about like a new Zelda or something.
Yeah, new Zelda games not coming out this year.
I guarantee there's no new Zelda game coming out this year
other than Wind Waker HD.
But that would be
enough for some people though.
Something else to think about though
All they would have to do
Wind Waker HD comes with one
playable HD Zelda level.
Flying off shelves
You won't be able to find that shit anywhere
Watch
It's like everybody who bought Zone of the Enders
had the Metal Gear
Or the game that had the Halo 3 demo
in it that actually wasn't bad
and got a sequel
Crackdown
Alundra, didn't it have
the Final Fantasy 7 demo?
I know I was saying Alundra
How many people bought that
and all the Dragon Ball fans?
Yeah that was it, it was the 8 demo.
But anyway
There's a lot of people who will go out
Oh shoot
Was it
one of the games had a Xenogears
demo with it too?
And there's people
who will just buy a game to get the demo
of something that they want more
Here's the thing honestly
I think you're seeing a lot of 3DS news right now
Is because once these 3DS games
are out it is all hands on fucking
deck for the Wii U
Everybody at Nintendo first and second parties
are going to be cranking out shit for Wii U
It is Wii U's last stand and it's going to be
pretty fucking amazing to watch play out
I think that's why it's so
3DS heavy because I think the holiday is going to end up
pretty weak because I think
there's like rush projects happening
They're going to crank it out
for this holiday season, they have to
And if we're still sitting here
next January telling the same tale
then I'll
entertain the notion a little more that Nintendo
better be cooking up a Mario game
for the Playstation 4
And in the end as long as there are
people who have little kids they want to play
games, they're going
to go for a Nintendo system
Nintendo has that level of
brand recognition and the association
that they're working as a kid
friendly, family friendly system
until the kid
falls over and drops the tablet
and breaks it
I agree, they're owning the
handheld market but
they may just not be a console
But they weren't
But they may just not be a console
company anymore
Too early
I'm not, I don't want you
to say I'm Nintendo defending
and all this stuff, I'm a Nintendo fanboy and all this
It is pretty shitty
This is having a worse month
These numbers are so
bad, it is worse than any month
like the 360
PlayStation 3
I wouldn't go that far
has on record
What were Dreamcast sales like
in their first couple months?
You're talking about almost 15 years ago at this point
It's just a different culture now
There have been
people that were drawing comparisons
between Sega's last days
and Nintendo
Which is redonkulous
That whole Nei saying whatever
That's like the anti-fanboy
It's no better
How well did GameCube do?
It was third place and Nintendo did fine
As long as they're making enough money to keep
costs up in the company
As long as they're turning a profit
or at least breaking even
The handhelds
are going to do that for them just fine
They'll make it just fine
They'll be around
It's not going to be like Sega
Sega didn't have that handheld
Sega also had some stupid marketing
They also had
really bad piracy
That was the downfall of the Dreamcast
Every friend I knew that had a Dreamcast
had an entire CD
spindle of burned games
Every single burned game
And then had their boot disk to play their imports
Yep
No comment
Some people had
Para Para on their Dreamcast Rob
I don't think that system is done
I just think that right now
They're not doing a lot
Basically the thing is they're not
doing a lot to reassure people that want to buy
a Wii U or thinking about buying a Wii U
that they should buy a Wii U
That's my thing
They need to have some sort of
here's what's coming out
soon
Yeah, working on Smash Bros. game
Yeah, you know what?
You could have just launched this system and not said anything
and I would have assumed you're working on a Smash Bros. game
Hell fuck!
Just say, hey we're working on an F-Zero game
That would sell a few more systems
Rob would buy another system, there you go
Hell yeah
But I want to see the receipts
You already bought a system, Rob
I did buy a system, I'll buy another for F-Zero
I will, I need two gamepads
Two tablet controllers, yeah
Such a consumer war
To register participation
for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio
at vognetwork.com, use the
passphrase, package
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some release
dates for all the other consoles besides the Wii U
That's true
This week we've got a couple big games
coming out, the first one being Crysis 3
on Playstation 3, Xbox 360
and PC
Also Metal Gear Rising Revengeance
on Playstation 3 and
Xbox 360
We've got a PSP title, yes, there's actually
a PSP game coming out still
Axis Games putting out
visual novels for some reason on the PSP
Hakuoki, Warriors of
Shinsengumi on
the PSP
I want to play that
And
Possibly at the end of this week
Although I think it's more of next week, Borderlands 2
the add-on content pack for Playstation 3 and
Xbox 360
You can buy the content stuff
or pre-order the game
Or your console isn't online
You'll also be missing out on the next
gen systems
I'm planning on picking one of these up because
it allows me to install them into multiple systems
and I've got two systems that we play on
Are you sure you don't just open it up and there's a code in there?
Yes, I'm sure, it's all on disk
Alright, then I can move on to
Japan
On the Playstation 3 in Japan this week, some price
reductions, the best series for
Combat Assault Horizon, Dragon Ball Z
Ultimate Blast, Naruto
Ultimate Ninja Storm 2
Ryuga Gotoku of the End
and Saint Seiya Senkai
As far as new games go, on February 21
Metal Gear Rising Revengeance
comes out in Japan
That's pretty awesome
Did you say there was a Saint Seiya game?
Uh, yeah
Going into the beta, it's not new
Oh, it's a re-release, ok
Also, how did I miss this?
I'm on the PS3, also on a price reduction this week
in Japan. Don't you want to play Mass Effect
with all Japanese garris?
I don't know if they did the voiceovers again
if the subtitles are...
I honestly, now this makes me want to go find YouTube videos
to see if the voice is nearly as hot
It might be subs, it might not be dubs
We don't know
Well, that just looks like the
US trailer
Yeah, it doesn't
So it's probably just subs
Oh well
Anyhow, let's look at other systems
How about anything on the Xbox 360?
Uh, price reduction on Ace Combat Assault Horizon
You have that to look forward to on the 360
But the 360 in Japan, boy, you think that we
use bad here
Yeah, exactly
And that's another thing people tend to forget
is that, you know, oh well, forget it
On the Vita, yes
the Vita in Japan
CL No Surge
Ushina Ureta Hoshi Isasagushi
Reincarnation
Also, next rev
Shoushi Shiken comes out
both new games on the Vita this week
Next week, Ninja Gaiden Sigma 2 Plus
and Phantasy Star Online 2 is next week
Did you know that?
I won't
On the Wii U in Japan this week
there is a game, Tank Tank Tank
but we've talked about how that game
Tank Tank Tank before
On the Nintendo 3DS this week
Magi Hajimari no Meikyu
comes out from Bandai Namco
Let's go to the UK
Dark Sakura
In the UK we have a few things
On the 21st we have
Metal Gear Solid Rising
And then on the 22nd
there is Crysis 3
and Metal Gear Solid Rising on PC
And
I think that's it
Let me check my calendar
Because I completely forgot
the last day of the week is, yeah, that's it
That's it
We're done
Alright, just a couple more stories for you guys
and then the classic game of the week, Loki
So, we keep hearing a lot about
this Xbox Entertainment
and this TV
initiative that they're doing
Well, apparently what they're working on
is supposed to be this
interactive TV
and they're saying similar to how they have
the interactive presentations of the Grammys
or the Oscars or something like that
that it would be some sort of
interactive TV, I don't know if with Spark Glass
or if they're talking more along the lines of like the Sesame Street
stuff with Kinect
Throw the tomatoes at the people on stage
Yeah, wouldn't that be awesome if like
they did the Grammys through the Xbox or something
and then it's like, you know, while Justin Timberlake
is on stage, push A if you would like
to release the hounds
Like that whole time
I would pay for that feature
No, if it was like
Bieber
Throwing tomatoes
would be funny though, like
having leaderboard scores and stuff with your friends
Release the B's on the Bieber
That's right
Push B for Beyonce
Or like
they could have eye tracking
or something like that
Who can stare at Katy Perry's
breasts the least?
Go!
Dammit! Lost!
Or like camera switching
Like, you know, during a football game
or something
Yeah, during the Grammys
there's one on the stage and one on
Chris Brown and Adele fighting
and then there's another one on Katy Perry's
breasts and you can just watch that
cam the whole time, every time she applauds
Yes
Rewind
Rewind
Push A if you want to release the Kraken
Amazing
How about just 1 versus 100
as a network?
Could that be the interactive TV?
Because that would be awesome
Game shows would rule
But I'm not going to hold my breath
because that's too good
You know, right now
I would just like to see whatever
it is that they're going to come out with
and actually have it functioning without
them saying, here's what we're going to do
As far as I'm aware, and I know the new season
hasn't launched yet, they still don't have that fucking shit
working with goddamn Game of Thrones
so, you know, why am I supposed to believe
that, you know, any of this stuff is going to
actually work either
With smart glass? Yeah
And where's my
goddamn interactive map on
Android? How about that smart glass?
Smart glass is fucking useless
on Android, I can't like, do anything
with it
Smart glass is fucking useless on any device you
It doesn't do anything
Doesn't it work great on a Windows phone?
No, you can set up playlists in Dance Central 3
Woohoo!
Smart glass is the
fucking future, everybody
That's what I have the problem with these console manufacturers
is coming up with stupid
fucking ideas to do the same
shit we've already been doing
Why do I need to have a new way to
swipe through menus? Why do I need a stupid touchpad
to swipe through menus when I can use the analog stick, the
shoulder buttons, the directional
pad? I've already got three fucking ways
or connect? Why do I need
another way? I'm sorry
You know what Microsoft is? Microsoft is the
Fox TV of gaming. I don't mean Fox News
I mean Fox TV because like
they announce this big feature and make a
pomp and circumstance of it and then they
cancel it after two episodes
Like seriously. They put it in the Friday death slot
Like XNA? Firefly
Right? Am I right?
One versus a hundred? Wonder
Falls
Am I right?
Game Room?
What other Fox shows got
The Cleveland show? Is that still on the air?
That is still on the air actually. The Game Room did
last a good year or so before they pulled the plug
Running Wild
What was the show about the town with the lake?
Eureka?
It was like two episodes or something
Eureka was on the lake
Eureka's on Syfy
Lake Town?
Well actually now it's NBC apparently
Would be the
network to compare it to
What was that show with the
spies and they had like a house
I remember that
I don't know
The Mr. and Mrs. Smith has a TV show?
No not Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Or where Jamie gets her
name. The Bionic Woman
Oh my gosh
Thank you Tigerclaw
Dollhouse
They gave that a second season
Shadow Next Gen
Game Room got 13
game packs and it had about
100 games well on its way to that
Thousands of games they promised
at CES
Thousands of games in my
imagination
Technist
Sarah Connor Chronicles
That was actually a decent show
What would it last like 3 seasons?
2 seasons?
That's better than, you know, we're talking
Fireflies level stuff
It has Shirley Manson in it
Yeah I was gonna say anything that puts Shirley Manson on my TV every week
Like I'm gay and I still drool
over her, she's hot
Alright
One more story for you guys
I don't know how to transition into this story
Cause I'm not gay for GameStop that's for sure
How about a big burp?
GameStop
Power to the players
GameStop is closing 250 stores in 2013
Supposedly even though they're closing
250 they're gonna open
60 to 70 more
But that's just, you know, location moving
As neighborhoods build up there'll be new ones
And purchased
40 are coming from UK retailer Game
So some of those GameStops will be in the UK
A quote from the CFO
Rob Lloyd if you care
During the Goldman Sachs conference in San Francisco
Quote
We've been successful at that for two years
And we'll continue that program in 2013
Yeah I think it's because a lot of these
They took over like, you know, the EB
Games and stuff like that and they're in the same mall
Yeah or like literally you have
Like a GameStop and then across the street
Another GameStop
They were trying to pull a Starbucks for a little while
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah so
I mean
I think if, you know, again if you're in an unprofitable
Location or a redundant location
Then you're probably in trouble
But I imagine most stores will be okay
But you know then CNN
Or Fox News since I mentioned them earlier
Picks up a story like this and
Console gaming is dead y'all
Console gaming is dead GameStop
Is closing their doors
They've had to close down their stores because people are figuring out
That their games that they sell are causing
People to become murderers
See it's proof right there
It's mobile phones, everybody wants to play Smurf Village
Haven't you heard?
Mobile phone, it's Temple Run, that's gaming
Smurf Village is just code for terrorism
Okay
See now I have
This is the mental image I'm seeing now
Is the ColecoVision Smurfs with
You know AKs
Shooting Gargamel in the face
My childhood has been raped
Well
All I have to say to this news is
LOL bye
Sorry to the people that work there
I know y'all are just trying to make an honest living
But the corporation itself is
Kinda terrible so I hope that
Where the ashes land
From old GameStops a new indie
Retailer will emerge one can at least dream
Hey Play'n Trade now is your chance
To actually become like GameStop
Since you think you are anyways
Don't they have like a very similar logo too?
They have
That's GameTrader
Yeah they actually think that they're like a GameStop
And they kinda try to
Push themselves away and they're like
Oh we got all these stores
Yeah it doesn't really
They don't they actually haven't expanded in like
A long time so
Alright let's take a step
Let's take a step back to a simpler time you guys
Let's go back to a time
Where GameStop actually had competition
Or back when GameStop
Wasn't even GameStop yet
Babbages, Funkoland
Software etc
Back before they were just all
Swallowed whole
By GameStop
It's the classic game of the week
Star Saga take us back to simpler times
The game of the week
Is Cinestar
Yeah
Cinestar came out by Williams in 1982
And um
It was uh
A pretty neat little game
Kind of though
For me I'm not very good at it
But I'll just keep going
Basically you are in a spacecraft and you have to create
Cinnabombs
Cinnabon? I love Cinnabon
I love Cinnabon
Oh my god
Show's cancelled we're going to Cinnabon bye bitches
I mean that's the good news is that
Even though GameStops are closing
Cinnabon next door will still be A-OK
It's not next door
That was where the software etc used to be
Now there's like a what a tinder shop there?
Lady don't take me literally OK
OK show's cancelled
Cinnabombs
You have to shoot
At planetoids
And get the crystals that are released
And you have to use the bombs
To defeat Cinestar
Who is this huge spacecraft
With a skull face
And um
You're constantly under construction as you're going through the game
So it's sort of like the Death Star
But without being the Death Star
Yeah beware I live
That voice used to freak me the fuck out when I was a kid
I hunger for Cinnabons
That's all pretty awesome
Wow
This guy wants his fucking Cinnabon
So is this like actually Cinestar
Or is this like you know
Recordings of people playing games over Xbox Live
This is the guy that goes to the airport
To get Cinnabon OK
OK can I get back to the review please
So once Cinestar is formed
As we heard the digitized voice
Pops up who's actually a radio personality
John Deramus
And it's played through an
HD55516 CVSD decoder
Ooh says
I hunger coward
And then it tells you run run run
But how would you run in space
Would it just be fly like a little bitch
I don't know
Anyway
So um
Basically it just eats you
All it does is eat you and it takes 13 Cinnabons
To satiate this Cinestar
He needs that cinnamon
Sugary goodness
So you move from zone to zone
And keep you know beating Cinestar
Because some asshole keeps rebuilding the fucker
Why don't we go kill
That asshole that keeps rebuilding
Exactly exactly They really weren't smart
In the early 80's
So you have to go through the worker zone
The warrior zone, planetoid zone and void zone
The void zone being
The difficult one because it has
Very few planetoids to blow up
Um
So also
You know of course
The Cinestar can be repaired
By its little drone fuckers
Unless you satiate him
With tasty Cinabons
So yeah
There were different ports
There was the Atari 2600
The 8 bit computers
They were almost done
But there was
The video game crash and they're like no
So we actually got it on
The Williams Arcade Greatest Hits for
Smash, Genesis, Saturn, Dreamcast
Playstation and PC
It was part of Midway Arcade Treasures
On Xbox, GameCube and PS2
And then on PC
And then part of the Midway Arcade Treasures
Extended Play for the PSP in 2005
It was one of the first
Games to use stereo
In the sit down version
And it had
Independent sound boards just for that
For purpose
And it used the 49 way
Joystick that Williams had produced
Specifically for that game
As far as
Other versions that have come out
There was a pseudo sequel
On the PC in 1999
Called Cinestar Unleashed
It had nothing to do with
The original creators
But it was supposed to be
A pretty neat little game
And then Cinestar got re-released
For the Midway's Greatest Arcade
Hits on the Game Boy
Advanced without
The cool features
There's also
A lot of other little
Cinestar is really just
You know
A big part of classic gaming
Like in
There was
I'm trying to see if I can find it
For Team Fortress 2
The heavy weapons guy says I live
I run cowards
And then
Cinestar is in one of the
Dresden Files books
There
A group of students at the College of William and Mary
Did a musical version
Called Cinestar the Musical
I have to find this now
And then
They used the voice of Cinestar
In an episode of Yu-Gi-Oh!
The Abridged series
Which is a web series that
I've been introduced to
This sequel
When he wants Cinnabons he wants over
9000
Couldn't help myself
Let's listen to some of the
voice
You throw those Cinnabons at him
You go ship
There it is your classic game of the week
Beware I live
Cinestar
Available in arcades everywhere
If you can find him in business
If you live in 1982
So it's available in Bobby's arcade
Yes
You had to have caught
Bobby's show to get the reference
There it is your classic game of the week
And jeez Ron-Chan you're fast
On the posting
He's managing the tumblers
Shout out to the OLR tumbler
The OLR tumbler is
Orangeloungeradio.tumblr.com
And while you're at it
Look at my Mass Effect one
Isn't your Mass Effect one
More popular than the Orange Lounge radio one?
Yes
So you don't need the help
I'll repost it
I'll show some promo love
You'll tumble it
When I finally do Mass Effect as a classic game
That's not going to happen
Last episode
We're not going to have a last episode
We're going to do this until we're dead
Well then there would be a final episode
Yeah but we won't know because one of us will just die suddenly
This is morbid
I don't like where this is going
Beware I die
Give me Cinnabons
Rob ate one too many Cinnabons
He dead
Let's remember with the theme
from Mass Effect
Alright
Well that does it for the classic game of the week
I've said that three times now
So I swear we're done with part A
But don't go anywhere because this show is so much fun
We've got plenty more coming in part B
Including the foogle question of the week
A very interesting patent name
Something that Sony did
Oh god somehow Jamie snuck in Mass Effect news
There is news and yes it is legit
Information on Mass Effect
Coming up after this break
More of Orange Lounge Radio
Up next
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio
In progress our
493rd episode
February the 17th of
2013
And if you've never been
to Orange Lounge Radio
as we are live
You should join us sometimes Sunday nights
at the voice of geeks network
vognetwork.com
Where you can hear such live antics as
Rob leaving the microphones hot during the break
When some quiet music is playing
So people can hear what we're saying
Just barely though
Oops oh well
See at least we weren't talking any smack
It was just more Nino Cooney talk
It was Nino Cooney talk and Rob
Coffee
And birthday cake oreos that's really all you missed
Alright there you go
ActDeft says it's the Flaco Jones curse
taking its course
Well if leaving the mics hot is the worst it's gonna get
I guess I'll take it
That's not so bad
I was sitting here going like
Oh that Bobby Blackwolf made me so mad tonight
I can't even
Just kidding
Should ask him how often he's played his Wii U this week
I've played Aliens
Colonial Marines all his fault
He didn't warn me
Why Bobby?
Why?
Alright I would never
Alright anyhow
Let's get back into some gaming
news rapid fire news time
So Eain Zinga
settled their lawsuits over the
Ville which was ripping off
social and
of course we don't know any of the
details of what they settled for but it's settled
and that's over
I was hoping for a
long drawn out
fist fight
I wanted it to be Judge Judy
solved I wanted it to go to Judge
Judy
Don't sit there
and tell me you didn't know what you're doing
Um
Halo 2 on
PC the multiplayer support has been
extended thanks to
you know
begging from fans
Originally it was gonna be cutting
the servers off on
February 15th
but apparently now it's
been extended to June
and they're investigating further options
to support the fans
of the Halo 2 on PC so
that's good
That's good news for the dozens and dozens
of people still playing
Halo 2 on PC
Who do you think has more? More people playing
Halo 2 on PC or more people that
listens to OLR? What do you think?
OLR
Really? I was gonna go for Halo
Actually yeah I mean with all
you know all kidding aside
Halo 2 I mean it's the only place you can
play it since
you know they shut down the Xbox 360
or excuse me Xbox regular
one because of 360 infrastructure
that they never really
followed through on
Remember how it was supposed to help us get more than
100 people on our friends list?
Oops
Um and then finally
Sniper Elite has a brand new game
in their franchise and going the route of
most other game franchises out there
they've decided to add zombies
So Sniper Elite Nazi Zombie
Army is gonna be coming out exclusively
on PC they're out on
Steam for $15
and that's at the end of this
month on the 28th
and if you're not familiar with Sniper Elite
it's a World War 2 sniper game
and the second Sniper Elite game
you actually got to shoot the balls
off of Hitler if you wanted to
Hooray
They even have the cool like you know Mortal Combat
X-Ray mode thing where you can see the
testicles explode Oh that's so
lovely
Thank you for that
And in case you didn't get that game they actually are re-releasing
the uh Sniper Elite V2 with
the Kill Hitler
uh you know
DLC in there which it should really be teamed up
with Danger 5 you know cause
their mission is
to kill Hitler Orange Lounge Radio is apparently
the show this week where people can hear about
exploding Hitler's balls
I thought they only had one
Anyhow
Uh is that it?
Please be it That's it
Let's move on to something a lot less offensive
It is uh Bit.Trip
uh the Bit.Trip series
uh Bit.Trip soundtracks
for 20 bucks
and when you pre-order
with that 20 bucks the
Bit.Trip Runner 2 future
Legend of Rhythm Alien you will get
6 Bit.Trip soundtracks
for free although they're not really free cause you're paying
20 bucks for it but uh
pretty cool you know if you are a fan of
Bit.Trip Runner so in other words if you're not Bobby
I was gonna say is that like kind of how
they try to sell you two pieces of crap on
TV and really the whole
trick is just to get you to pay twice as much
for more than one that you need The trick is
to get you to pre-order Bit.Trip Runner 2
and boost its numbers
but the Bit.Trip soundtracks are really good
like if you like the 8-bit music
and the 8-bit rock and the chiptune stuff
you can't go wrong with the Bit.Trip soundtracks
In fact I imagine most of you have um
acquired the soundtracks if you're
a fan of the series but wouldn't it be nice
to get them legally and you can do
that here for 20 bucks
pre-order
uh let's see I also
I guess apparently uh you
can get some of the soundtracks for a dollar
and then 10 dollars you get the Runner 2
soundtrack as well well look at that
good times
uh there is a game
coming on the Wii U that apparently will be the definitive
version of said game it's Need for Speed
Most Wanted uh this game
came out on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3
last year
but it's coming out on the Wii
this year and
uh it's gonna have some new stuff in it such as
the whole uh you can actually
you know have the off TV mode on the gamepad
but then there's something about on the gamepad
you can actually help
somebody that's playing on the big
screen uh you can guide
them you can help them or you can either
hinder them they're calling it a co-driver
father and son mode is something
that they've called it amongst the criterion
developers you can literally have
a backseat fucking driver that will fuck your
shit up on that gamepad
that reminds me of what I do in Grand Theft Auto sometimes
I'll have a thing where I can spawn cars
in front of me actually on my phone I'll do that
and I'll put it in first person mode and let the cab driver
try to drive while I'm dropping boats in front
of him and he just like
dropping boats yes that's awesome
on the gamepad you can turn traffic on
and off you can change the environment between
night and day distract cops
get a map that shows you where the cops
are and the speed cameras and
you can just take control away of the car from the driver
awesome
doing it wrong I'll be taking over
into the wall
uh there you go so uh
let me see a quote from Alexander
Ward creative director quote
when we sat down to think about bringing Most Wanted
to Wii U we thought of this in a car game
what can the second player in the room do
we could have just released a vanilla version
of the game put it out and say hey it's Most Wanted
on the Wii U but really Nintendo's
challenge there is to allow others to interact
with the main player using the gamepad
you know when I first heard about Need for Speed Most Wanted
on the Wii U I got the impression that you were gonna
have two people playing at the
same time one on the gamepad one on the
TV I think you can do that that sounded
a lot better I think you could do that too
I think there's just oh good this is
another mode they should really have it just
like passenger mode where you just
your gamepad is like the side window
you can roll it up and down and that's it
and the wind blows in your face and
that's all you can really do is just look out the window
and roll the window up and down I wonder if there will be
a dark soccer mode where a big button will pop
up and you push it and it goes Dan
coffee you are never
gonna let me live that down little Starbucks
shows up on your map
you know there's people listening who probably
have no idea where that came from
you wanna tell the story or should I
go ahead we were on a road
trip to Disneyland and I was trapped in
the back seat with Dan and dark soccer
in the front as they were having
heated discussions
through the trip down but
one of the things that you know would happen
for hundreds and hundreds of miles is that
dark soccer would be Dan
coffee and
every time we drove by a Starbucks which when
you're on highway 99 is all the time
five miles Dan
coffee
so Rob where's your phone
finally shut up
so finally finally we get to
a Starbucks like we're like halfway to Disneyland
we finally pull over to Starbucks and
she gets her coffee and I proceed to
leave my cell phone in the sandwich
shop except oh it was actually in my back
pocket the whole time
wah wah wah wah
now you know when knowing is
half the battle aren't you glad she
asked me to tell that story I didn't ask
you to tell the story it's so people don't get it
so I could delay this news
the 3DS has become the
best gaming machine out there
is a attention grabbing headline
that was run on Kotaku this week
why Kotaku an attention grabbing headline
that's unheard of
they don't stretch the truth at all
no
uh yeah so
how many articles did they write about hating
aliens colonial marines I can't remember
was it in the double digits because I think it was
uh
honestly I was
this story was something that was shared with us
in the show world thread by somebody
else and I was hoping it was like an actual interview
with somebody but no it actually
is just a whole story written about
hey the 3D remember when the
3DS was fucked and now
look at all this stuff oh my god it's just basically
regurgitating the same Nintendo Direct News
that had already been run
but now under the guise of this is why the
3DS is the best
fucking game system
considering that there's like
you know
they're talking handheld game system
there's really only a couple to choose from
one of them being the 3DS and one of them being
the Vita no one's really gonna make the argument
that the Vita is the best gaming handheld system
out there
I'm tapping
my finger do I want to go there
do I want to go behind door number 4
a system is only as good as the
games that are on it
no I unless it has reach around
I have another rant brewing
do I want to go there
drama
this website is such shit
why does everybody keep reading it
and here I am talking about it
and it's gonna be more people checking it
I fucking can't
why do we keep bringing
this fucking shitty
website up all of the time
and why does their attention grabbing antics
work all of the time
I can't anymore
I do not want any stories
from this website ever again on our show
we are better than this
done, banned
I'm serious, do not link this
website ever again for a news story
there are better places on the internet to get your
gaming news done
they just grab all the stories from other people anyway
just go to the site, click the link that they got
and then use that one
I am taking a stand here, I am not
giving these fuckers hits anymore
it is ridiculous
Rob, yes, coffee
I think I might need
another cup
how about some more news stories DarkSakura
Sega
yay, I love you Sega
Sega has
a line of PCs
it's called the Sega Note PC laptop
and they have different styles, there's the generic
Sega, the Mega Drive, the Sega Saturn
and the Dreamcast
and they're
anywhere between
$1,000 to $2,100
and
they'll come with the 64 bit version
of Windows 8
a 1920 by 1080 display
4 gigs of RAM and a 500 gigabyte
hard drive
and a Pentium 2020M processor
so yeah
and it will be obsolete in 5 seconds
moving on, how about some Square
Square
actually
registered
Wolfenstein and Legacy of Kain
domains
so maybe we're gonna see some
re-releases or
reboots, but there's
wolfensteinspiel.com
and warfornasgoth.com
so
who knows
I hope there's a new Wolfenstein game, I hope it's done
in Wolfenstein 3D fashion
the 3D ones never were
I love the little
I love the little sound they make
like
with the digitized voices
what
I'm just American
you know that
actually when they did the re-releases
with that one, it's actually like banned in Switzerland
Tina Turner
cannot play Wolfenstein now
in her new home
country
I love that woman, I'm sure she's crushed
and then
last but not least
you know that Guitar Hero 3 lawsuit
that Axl Rose had popped up that we've been
trying to ignore because Axl Rose
pretty much has been
well, yeah it got
thrown out of fraud court so
not a big deal anymore
Axl sucks
it's all good, he's attached to what
that new Band Fuse game that's coming out
and you know Band Fuse, the one that's gonna try to do the same
thing that what Power Gig tried to do
you remember Power Gig
right?
I do remember Power Gig
yes, so Band Fuse
the new Mastiff music game is gonna be coming out
it's one of those that ties in with a real guitar type thing
but I think the difference with this one
was that it's real guitar
and you can sing
that's really it
you know what, you could do that with
Beatles Rock Band
well that's not a real
guitar though
but no one cares
mostly more than Band Fuse
was that it?
I'm sorry, I fell behind a little bit
jeez Rob, I was chatting with chatters
Rab! I was participating
think of another one
my extended hate boner was spewing
into the chat room, alright
your hate boner
tonight's show has been brought to you by the words
hate and boner
in other words hate boner used in tandem
be sure to make the special noise
let's go to a segment that never makes us
make that noise because we love to hear what our listeners
have to say in the Google Question of the Week
facebook.com slash orange lounge radio
or our Google Plus community
you can participate with
a question we ask of our fan communities
each week on the program
starting off with this week's
question
it was announced today that the new game Destiny
will require a persistent internet connection
on previous episodes, OLR and Bobby
have talked about other games that require
an always online internet connection
such as Diablo 3 and the new
SimCity
how do you feel about games that require an always on
internet connection?
and where I was kind of going with this
you know, obviously listeners come to draw their own conclusions
and part of the reason we do this
was that we let some games
slip by and it's fine
it's accepted, like World of Warcraft
always online internet connection
new SimCity
we're not so forgiving
but Destiny kind of falls
in that weird kind of middle part where it's like
well, clearly online is a big
component of it, but you're going to have to
always be connected, so I was curious
if our listeners kind of
gave it a pass or no
we only had one response on Google Plus
so I'll read that, from Rentertainment
the one guy still using Google Plus
we need a high profile game with a
wide and vocal audience to have an always
on internet connection mandate
that way when some part of it fails
leaving people unable to play the game they paid
money for, the general public will rage
out about it, when the public rages out
about it, assuming these companies actually give
a shit about what the public wants, these
companies will finally see
how appropriate
these companies will finally see
what a mistake the always on
internet connection mandate is
Rentertainment, that's a fine answer, but I want to
introduce you to a game called Diablo 3
this actually
happened, you couldn't log in
to Diablo 3 for like a week
or like maybe you'd get on but then get kicked off
after like an hour, and
speaking of hate boner, the internet
really had a big one for Diablo 3
because of the always online, because you might remember
Diablo 2, you could play
LAN, and you could play offline
there's actually a game
that's coming out a lot sooner than Destiny
that's going to be similar to this
SimCity
I'm talking about more long lines of Destiny
like an online first person
shooter game that's
kind of like an MMO type thing
Defiance from Trion
games, that's going to be coming out
in April, and it's
online only
they are an MMO company
however, this is a game
it's buy to play type thing
and it's on consoles
on PC and PS3, Xbox 360
so this
is something similar to
that, obviously not
as grand as I guess
Destiny, but I see
this actually has an online port
once again, it was very vague on
everything, on why it needs
to be, why is it that
we need this
online world
are there going to be stuff pushing back and forth
we're going to have battles and stuff like that
is it going to be this massive battle that you're going into
or is it just like
oh, well I need to see my friend
he just cleared this spot
so now the enemies are easier here
I don't know, I don't really know what they're doing
but it sounds like there actually is multiplayer in there
versus SimCity where
you just interact with your friends
cities that they make
Diablo 3, despite everybody
raging on it and everything
still sold, what, 11 million
that's
I don't think that's going to tell them
I got the message, no more always online
yeah, right, well, and if that were the case
we wouldn't be seeing it now like a
fucking trend, right, like Destiny
SimCity, you know
the game Loki just talked about and all these other
things, so
alright, I just got a
text message from the person that
linked me that story originally that I blew up
at, I'll just say it's Jason
he doesn't mind me saying that I'm sure, he says
in their defense it was
an opinion piece, not news, but
lol, I was the straw that broke the camel's back
this is like congratulations
you are the catalyst
let me just put it this way, this is
this is a website, Rob chose the red ending
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, we're not going back
down this road, no, close the door
lock it, done, alright
moving on, alright, what do you want to
I just want to say
Gawker figured out animated
gifs a couple months ago, and they've
been running with it ever since
you know the gif format has been on the internet
since like the early 90s, I understand that
but now they literally have posts
they're like, hey look at this, these are
some animated gifs I made based off of
this trailer that just came out
you know, I think it's funny that gif is still associated
with CompuServe, so they got a Tumblr
account, or started reading, oh no
they didn't, because those are the things I associate
with the animated gif, I get my best animated
gifs ever from OhNoTheyDidn't
which is a LiveJournal community and
pretty much the only thing that's still going on LiveJournal
that and Russian Meteorite sightings
so, anyhow
do they have like sightings like
I just saw the Russian Meteorite down Starbucks
down the street here, no, well you know LiveJournal
is huge in Russia, LiveJournal is like
I don't know if it's Facebook big in Russia, it got purchased
by a Russian company, yeah I mean, but not
that's not the reason it's big in Russia, it just
it is big in Russia, I just thought it might have been a meme
thing or something like that, where they, it's like
no, but like a lot of the YouTubes
were linked to people's Russian LiveJournals
alright, cool, you know, I'm glad LiveJournal
is still alive somewhere, anyhow
foogle, hello
always online connections and some
of our answers from Facebook, which really
had a lot of answers on it, so I can't
read them all, so please visit our
Facebook community and read them all in their entirety
facebook.com slash orange lounge
radio, Fabrice A
says very annoying and they are
punishing the wrong people, some people have a
crappy internet connection or even no internet
connection at all, so they can hardly play
people who bought the game legally and suffer
one of the previous problems can't play
people who play illegally don't
have any of those problems because the DRM
is absent
flaming toilet, god I love that name
says I would think that the fiasco with
PSN going down for two months a couple
years ago would have taught game makers that
requiring an always on internet connection
is a very bad idea
but they're always going to think it's never going to happen
to us, how many games were unplayable
or almost unplayable during that time
because there was no network to connect to
thank you flaming toilet for reminding us
never forget
playstation network fucking went down
like it ate shit
literal shit for two months
horrible
cell agent why not says
we're sorry, your game is not available at this
time, please hang up and try again
lolz
you remember that crap that actually happened with me in mass effect 3
when they were having the origin
issues, yes, and I couldn't
connect, but I also couldn't play
my single player game because it
wouldn't verify my DLC
yeah
Christopher K replies and says
the always on idea is such that
people won't exploit and mod the games
this enables companies to utilize
microtransactions and disable cheat
codes that allow players replayability
if they want to fully explore the game after
completion, it's a way for publishers
to siphon more than the games retail
price for those who want shortcuts
there are several countries that still do
cap bandwidth or spotty internet coverage
why shouldn't I be allowed to play a game
I paid for whenever, wherever I
like, I'm not too opposed to an
online activation of sorts, but let me
play offline when I'm traveling
you know a good point that this indirectly
brings up is that you know we've heard about
Destiny's 10 year plan and so forth
what happens after 10 years
what happens when
they want to pull the servers
and so forth, where's that
$60 investment in the game I made
and you know I heard
damn I wish I could remember where I heard about this
but I remember hearing about one
of the reasons why $60 games and people
are willing to pay that $60 price is the
equity that you're getting in those games
the fact that you can turn around and sell those games
for a value later, and when you
talk about
when you talk about robbing people
of the ability to sell used games
that there's now no
equity and there's nothing worth
investing $60 in
but if your game, you know if you were going to turn off
used games and then have it be $30
maybe that wouldn't feel like
such a blow because the games
overall are cheaper and this could actually be a
great thing for everybody if the games are really
cheap
I still think $30 or $40
might be too much
my point is though
I can still plug in an Atari 2600
and appreciate the games I grew up on
let's say
for whatever reason Destiny is a game
that Flacco gets his kids to start playing
which I doubt but
just humor me for a minute here
what if they want to revisit that game in their 30s
and they can't because the 10 years is up
the servers are down, the plug's been pulled
what now?
it's sad
there are games that are like that
a lot of these games that were online
only or something like that
they're just completely useless now
I don't know
I can't think of anything that you would have
but yeah
they pull servers all the time
so it's very possible
I'm sure there's some MMOs, especially some of these
Sony MMOs that
went offline
I know there's a few that we mentioned before
even like Playstation 2 games
and stuff like that
I don't know
even big MMOs go down to main
say if you bought a boxed copy
of The Matrix online or something like that
you can never play Tabula Rasa
you can never play it
Star Wars Galaxies
yeah that's right, you will never experience
the pre-New Galaxy
experience, or the post for that matter
ever again in your life
I gotta make sure my kids play WoW real soon
he's just gonna get killed
the WoW killer is coming out
Flaco
The WoW killer, Elder Scrolls Online
it's the WoW killer, Flaco
now Destiny's the WoW killer
I keep seeing that in the chat all night
they're both killing WoW
Miss Scarlet killed WoW
in the conservatory with the lead pipe
hate boner
back to Fugal
Burr replied and said
in the case of Destiny
I can be justified by what they're trying to do
with the gameplay, which at least makes me a little
more understanding about it
however, what happens in the future when they stop running the servers?
get out of our head
I feel like always on DRM is a decision
made by focusing too much on the short term
if this trend continues
future gamers will be shut out of a lot of history
when servers inevitably retire
or entire publishers go bankrupt
I swear I didn't read that before our previous rant
fits right in, doesn't it?
Red The Haze says
not everyone has internet
and the US is far from number one
when it comes to internet
Gary B replies and says
I wanted to see if I could Facebook
stalk this guy and figure out where he lived
is he living in remote Canada or Alaska or something?
or else I'll get
behind in some sort of
quest or whatever the fuck is going on
it might also be something that
kind of turns me off to it because
I don't have the time to dedicate
to an MMO or something like that
Last comment
I'm going to read here tonight, but do visit our
Facebook to read them all
jlinks says
Well I could play FPS's offline
in single player, I didn't make that
the main reason I bought the game
if the game's good and I have the methods available
to play it, I'll buy it, simple as that
That's our comments
from Facebook and Google Plus
thank you guys who all responded
sorry I didn't read everybody's
but it's only a three hour show
Let's get to a few more news stories
and pretty soon Skype calls
Loki
I swear to god that Sony is trolling us
because there is no way that like
I just
can't believe that they would actually
do this, but apparently
there is a patent that they have
and I know this is going to come
as a shock to you guys, they actually
have a tablet that they have patented
and I'm really
I need to check this out right now
to see what it's called, but they're calling
the iPad
like E-Y-E pad, there is no way that
that is called the iPad
that's a
European patent thing that they're
showing me here, it doesn't really help me very much
17 pages
let's see, 17 pages
I think it looks like it's made out of
particle board or something like that
it's just weird, but basically it's
a tablet device, looks thin
looks like a directional pad, you know
face buttons, possibly a speaker
and one analog stick, shame
on you Sony, have you not
learned from the PSP one analog
stick that's more than the iPad's
got, well still though
I like the big square sharp
corner design, reminds me of the NES
will I be able to install MAME on this?
I don't know
so they don't really
say, I want to make sure that
it's actually called the
iPad or
I had heard that name too
for what it's worth, now
I think that someone's making that up
I don't honestly think that they
would do that, oh my god
no, they actually have it
called the iPad
it makes sense, the Playstation 9
but again, take it with a jar of salt
a gallon of salt, no
it's in their patent information
they refer to it as the iPad
like E-Y-E pad
that's a patent law, that's a lawsuit
right there, holy fuck balls really
and honestly I think
this is something that you would see from a Chinese
knock off, you know, like iPad
thing that they would actually have it spelled out like that
so
yeah, so they have this thing
patented, who knows
there was the iToy
that's true
I understand why they're using the iPad
and the Playstation 9 and all that stuff
it makes sense to me, however
Apple's gonna go, no, fuck you
you can't call it the iPad
this really is a whole come at me bro
move at Apple
but again, huge
results, you know, I don't know
this seems, it seems unnecessary
to have both this and the
little thingy built into the controller
I don't understand
well, here's some of the stuff, let me just read some of the cool things
that they're saying that this thing has
they're saying that
it's gonna have stereoscopic
cameras on it, so you're gonna be able to
like, I guess, record 3D or
something like that, kind of like the 3DS
they're saying that there's some
sort of
weird prism thing going on
with their touchpad and stuff
it's gonna have 6-axis
built into it, at least that's what they're
everything has a 6-axis
built into it
so I guess, you know, we'll have to hear more about it
if this is gonna be part of the Playstation 4
is this a story coming from my favorite
website, because it sure sounds like a bunch of bullshit
no, it's a patent, it's actually a patent
this is, I'm reading this
you can understand why I'm asking though, right?
no, no, no, no, I'm reading all of this
yes, they did run this
they did run the story as did everyone else
but I'm just saying though, this is actually from
the patent, I'm reading straight out of the patent
description
maybe patent, we don't know if it's real
right? is it coming from the official patent
website, or is it
they have a link there or something?
well they've got it, it's from
it's actually linked from
or it's embedded from the European
patent applications
nah, just because they patent it doesn't mean they'll do anything with it
it's true, but
it also doesn't necessarily have anything to do with games
I mean, just, you know, it's not necessarily
a tie-in to the Playstation 4
let's not forget, Sony makes TVs and shit
so why would they not maybe want to come up
with a hybrid Playstation tablet
well, they're saying though, here's one of the things
is therefore, in addition to the convenient
joystick and button inputs, the 6-axis
controller provides the PS3
with data and all that stuff, now they're talking about
PS3 a little bit
uh
I don't know, we'll see
it's just
it seems a little weird, but
they could do it, I guess
I mean, they tried to put out some Playstation
or Playstation branded
tablets
that all looked really weird, but
who knows, we'll see
maybe we'll hear more about this on Wednesday
it's right around the corner
yeah, I think they're just covering their bases
like all these patent applications
iPad, I mean, really
just call it like the Playstation
tablet or something like that, you know
something, Sony Playstation
tablet, not iPad, I mean
calm down, it's the name in a patent, it's not the final
just call it a thingy and be done with it
that's right
anyhow, one other rumor going
around about new consoles that just won't
die, is the fact that used
games are not going to be playable on it
you can bet that Electronic
Arts EA is just cheering
about this, after all, they're the ones that started
the online pass shit, aren't they?
well, anyhow, the chief
financial officer, Blake Jorgensen
had a talk with Gamasutra
and Gamasutra asked him
about the whole used games and these rumors
in response, quote
it's one of those classic double-edged
swords, in one way
the used game business has been critical
for the health of the retail channel
and having a healthy retail channel
is an important thing for us
we would like to sell everything at full price
would we like to sell everything at full price
excuse me, and not have a used games market?
sure, but I think the used game market
is a little like any other kind of market
where it creates liquid
I hate this word
liquidity
the fact is that liquidity benefits
us in some fashion
so if someone goes in and trades a game
there's a good chance they're going to buy another one of our games
and so if there's a liquid market
I think that's not a bad thing at all
so it's
sort of like a half admission that
maybe used games aren't the worst thing in the world
could this be a sign
of things to come if EA is
openly, or at least one of their executives
is openly admitting that maybe it's not such a bad
thing, or are they just setting this up
for when the ban hammer comes down
on this pretty soon, with the used games
any thoughts on EA's comments?
Loki?
Do you have anything?
I think they're already making their money
on used games with the whole
online passes, I mean I think they were
touting before that they made a ton of money on
online passes, so to them that's
just money in their
pockets, I guess
I was actually going to say something along similar lines
they've found a way to keep making
a profit on it, and that is
a really, you know
with a lot of cases in the
used market, the people who
are getting rid of their used games are trying to get
the new next better, we've
even traded in some of our games, some of our
crappy ones, to get new games, so
it's, and I mean
especially it's even better for
EA as an example
if someone trades in one of their
competitor's games to get to one of theirs
so I mean, that
whole liquid market thing
is pretty, I'd say
pretty accurate. And also considering that EA
is also one of these companies that puts out yearly
releases of their sports games, and they probably
know that people aren't going to want to
hold onto their copy of Madden
13 or something like that, when Madden
25, the dumbest
new, what are they thinking
there? Okay we're going to go 13 to 25
and then next year it's going to be 15
and then in a few years we're going to have
25 again. If it's the 25th year
I get it, it's not
call it like Madden 25th anniversary
not Madden 25, it's stupid, anyways
that's not the point. The point is
that they release games
each year and that
they know that people are going to need to trade these
in or they're probably going to want to get rid of them
because they're essentially useless after
it comes out. And after
all, EA shuts off their servers in a couple years
anyways, so you kind of
want to trade that in. He is kind of
full of dicks right now. Well, here's
a further comment I want to, because they were
pushed a little further on the whole
used games and is that something that's happening
in the new consoles. Here was the
rest of the quote, quote, I can't really
comment on where the next generation boxes
are going to be relative to used games.
I will say that the trend in the business
is to have that always on
connectivity and connect with a customer
and to the extent that the software identifies
a certain customer is going to create
some issues going down the road in the used
game market. But I do believe that
the consumer likes it and it's been
good for the retail channel.
Um...
Um...
What? I do believe
the consumer likes it. Um...
Didn't I just read some
frugal answers that didn't seem to go that direction?
They like the always on connectivity?
And they've done some polls on
certain websites that
basically have said the same thing. In fact,
actually GameStop did a poll. Was it 60%?
Over 60% of, you know, people
that use GameStop or whatever don't
like not having used games.
This worries me when that sentence comes
out of a game maker's mouth. Is how
out of touch are you?
See, people in the boardroom
think they know what we want.
But clearly they don't.
But by telling us in an interview
this is what gamers want
then the more gullible will
run with it and, you know, the CNNs
will say, oh well, you know,
these consoles are always on because it's what the gamers
want according to electronics art.
Um, why don't you try talking to a
gamer? Well, and
see, that's the thing. They have a habit
of trying to manipulate the
data that they find to suit
their own purposes. That's, anything can
be changed. And they have
to get an unbiased source
if they're going to have accurate information. But all they want
is for people to tell them the same things
that's going to support the outcome that they
look for. Uh, the
legend of Zaku in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com
gives a Homer Simpson quote.
Facts are meaningless. You can create facts
for something that is remotely true.
Interesting note to end that
on. Let's move on, DarkSakura.
Well, how about, uh,
something else EA's managed to fuck up?
I'm sorry, did I say EA fuck up?
Okay, EA come close
to really royally fucking up. The Mass Effect
series.
And yes, we warned you, there is
Mass Effect news. BioWare
is basically saying don't call
it Mass Effect 4 because it's
implying that it is a
another addition to the trilogy.
Um, they're saying,
um, that basically the
trilogy's over. This is another game
in the universe. And, uh,
the comparison here is, and I'll read the
quote from, um, from Priestly.
It says, um,
if you have three games centered
around a group of key soldiers in the
US Army during World War I and then decided to make
a game about another group of people during the
Second World War, the games would have many points
in common and feel true to one another.
So basically it's saying, you know,
it's saying it's not necessarily going to be a
prequel or a sequel. It could be set
within the same time frame.
There could be other things going on, but
it's not going to be associated
with the Shepard story. So,
Mass Effect 4 Moderner Warfare?
I have no idea.
Um, but they are,
um, you know, talking about, uh,
it's, uh, being in development
with BioWare Montreal and
that, uh, that's the same, uh, office
that of course gave us this
superb multiplayer.
As I mentioned before, um,
and Mass Effect 2, which is The Crown,
it's not necessarily the popular opinion amongst
my Mass Effect loving friends, but
um, I'm okay with them going a completely
different direction and kind of starting over, if
you will, because, you know, they created
such a great universe the first time
that
why not get introduced to new people
that will be as compelling, if not more so
than the first group? That's okay, I think.
The only, the thing that would make me happy
about this is if they don't let EA dictate to them
a production timeline
and actually put out
a good quality product
with great writing, the way that
Mass Effect 2 was.
That would just completely
tickle me to no end. Of course I'm gonna
play it, I mean. Sadly that won't happen.
I know, right? That's so sad.
I mean, and this is the problem is that, yeah,
I'm an addict, I'll still play it. I love the universe.
You know, even with the,
the pieces
of shit that are involved in Mass Effect
3, I still
play the game on, I've probably played it more
than 2, just because I like how it
plays better. If it keeps using
the
newer incarnations of the
Unreal Engine, I'll be completely happy.
You know, as long as it's fun to play and
I get more lore, I'm happy.
The multiplayer is so good, too.
It is. We should play again, but you don't play on PC
anymore, and that makes me sad.
I kind of do a mix and match now.
Well, then come play online with me.
Meh.
So anyways, there's yet another
rumor going along with the PlayStation 4
Orvis, whatever you call it.
So that is
coming from the Wall Street Journal saying that
because they purchased Gaikai,
they're going to be using that
streaming service to
stream PlayStation 3 games to
the new PlayStation.
Basically saying that there's not
going to be really any backwards compatibility
with the old system, which makes sense.
I mean, it's kind of hard to do backwards compatibility.
A lot of it
is being offered as
downloadable stuff through emulators, so that makes sense.
Basically
saying that this is also going to kind of coincide with
also physical releases for
PlayStation 4 games and that kind of stuff.
I can see
this as kind of an evolution of
that whole
PlayStation Plus game library thing,
because right now you have to download and install
everything, which takes fucking forever.
Whereas this, you could be just like
okay, I want to play, uh,
Steam 302. Go.
And then just load it up and stream it.
And the hour-long game trials, too.
Like, you have to actually
download the entire game to play
for an hour and then just delete it.
So, once again, we'll see.
I think it seems obvious we're going to see games streaming
in one way or another in the PlayStation 4.
I spent so much money on that. Obviously, it's going to be
integrated somehow.
I wonder if that's something we'll get a little news on this week, too.
That seems something obvious that they could
talk about. They could almost do that with
the PlayStation 3.
I don't necessarily think this is going to be something that
is PlayStation 4. I think that they could
do this, hey, you guys,
you know how you have that online game library
right now? Well, guess what?
We're going to just have it now where you can access all that stuff
instantly. It makes sense, because
part of the reason why the PlayStation 3 was so
expensive at first is that you basically had a PS2
inside of it as well, so it could run all the games.
And then when they started cutting that out
and getting the price down,
you know, that disappeared.
So maybe they're trying to not
wow us with a $599
US dollar price launch for the PlayStation 4.
Probably more like
$499. But, you know,
don't expect it to be
that low. But this
is one way they'll be able to save some money on
the console and maybe not have it be so expensive
is that they're going to use the streaming technology
to emulate some of the
older games. I hope, though, that it's
just an option. That you can
also, like, okay, you can stream it, or you
can download it, because, once again,
if their service goes to shit,
then that's going to suck not being
able to play your game, because
you can't stream it anymore.
I would assume that you'd be able to
download it as well. I hope that you could
do that. Shadownextgen with a comment in our
chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
PlayStation Network is in no way good enough
to do streaming gameplay like that.
Even with Gaikai.
Is PlayStation Network ready for that
kind of bandwidth?
It's a fair question. Let's put it this way, though.
We've seen kind of what Gaikai can do with, like, some
of the demos with, like, FIFA and stuff like that
through a web browser and stuff. I think they
could probably handle it.
Is it going to look good, though, coming through
your bandwidth? You know, like,
through your internet connections, again,
like, all fucking pixelated and shit?
I don't know.
That's...
We'll just have to see, I guess.
Alright.
Kind of a follow-up
story of sorts. You remember when
we talked about Tank Tank Tank in Japan
and how it's going to this free-to-play model
on the Wii U? That hasn't
arrived in America yet, but
guess what? It's going to happen in
Europe as well. Europe will be the next
region to get Tank Tank Tank free-to-play.
The base download will have
Monster Battle, Free-for-All, and Team
Versus, and you can play them up to three times.
Woohoo.
The first add-on is MyKong,
which will cost
$1.99 in Euros
through February 28th.
Interesting.
I want to fight the bees!
I hear the game's not very good, but
I mean, it's a fun arcade game, but
I don't know.
As much as I love the game, I really don't see it
as well. Unless everyone has
the things. I think the free-to-play
model is certainly interesting.
Anybody
interested in checking out Tank Tank Tank?
Do you think they will roll this out
to the States next? Anybody?
I'd have to, I think.
I think they'll eventually roll it out to the States.
I'd be interested to see
I guess I'm a little bit
I don't know. Namco's
tried doing this whole free-to-play
type approach for some of
their games. It didn't work out so well
with the Ridge Racer on the Vita.
Remember that? Actually, that wasn't even free-to-play.
That was, pay $30, $40
and get nothing.
Get a demo, and then buy
extra crap for it.
So that kind of sucked, but
we'll see.
$2 is not that bad for an
add-on.
Let's go to the mailbag. Every week
you guys send us emails. Mailbag at
OrangeLoungeRadio.com
and we read them here on the show.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com
where you can send us emails every week.
We have one email this week and
I'll go ahead and read it. It just came in
like an hour ago. I'll go ahead and read it.
No biggie.
It's a gem of an email, so I want to
read this through. Alright.
Here we go.
Hey, OLR.
First off, it seems like you guys have
joined the rest of the media in spending
time on every next-gen rumor that
comes down the pike, no matter how
hilarious or ill-thought. It's
been proven that the mainstream games media
can be easily fooled into believing anything,
as has been shown by various
angry forumites and Tumblr people all
over the years. And while I know that the
blogs will go after anything that gets clicks,
why do you guys spend time on nonsense
rumors? That's a good
question. In what way does
panic-mongering help the show?
It's clearly not bringing in the page
hits. Clearly
it's not. How rude.
But you're here. That's what counts.
Have you guys ever thought
of vetting these rumors, trying to
sift the possibly legitimate things
from the blatant and senseless bullshit?
Well, I am glad
that you asked that question. Because
that is a great... We should
go vet those rumors. In fact, let me
place a call to Sony right now
and ask that question. I know, right?
Let me just, let me get them on the line and
see what they have to say about those PlayStation 4
rumors. Because you know, as you
mentioned before, it isn't going any
distance and getting us hits at all
that, you know, sites like
I don't know, the ESA, when measuring
E3, doesn't even want to take a second look
at independent podcasts and all that stuff.
Clearly, these guys are on my
speed dial, and I can vet
this shit till the cows come home.
I was just talking...
Because I get paid to do that all day long, too.
I was just talking with Miyamoto yesterday, you know?
Oh yeah. Oh yeah, we were chillin'.
Absolutely. We'll get some fro-yo
afterwards. I got photos of my
Dan and Yu Suzuki, which is actually
true, I do. Let me put a little reminder
out there about what this show is all
about, alright? In case you forgot.
Uh, this
show started because we all played
DDR at the arcades, and after
DDR, we would go and we would go to the
restaurant that was down the street, and we would
sit around over, you know, food that was bad
for us, like mozzarella sticks and so
forth. Fried cheese. Oh god, they're so fucking
good, huh? And we would talk smack about
what's going on in games, and you know
what happens a lot of times when people are talking
smack? They're talking about the
rumors and things that go around in the
industry. You know, I can't think
of a time when we've said this stuff on
air and said, you know, this is fact,
people. Believe this, people. You know,
I think we like to bring these ideas
up and say, this is a rumor,
take it with a grain of salt, like I think
we just said about that iPad thing.
Or ask people what they think
about it. Exactly. What's wrong with
discussion? What is wrong with discussing
and talking about ideas? Because
some rumors do
pan out to be true. So
why not talk about
what goes through the heads
of these people that don't really
want to be so ready to talk about
these things? And I think that's what
we try to do with the community. So
if you have an opinion on these rumors
besides the fact that these rumors are
bullshit, well, why don't you share that opinion
with us? That's what the show is set up for, where
every gamer has a voice. So
tell us a little bit about what you think
these rumors could be good or
bad for the future. Such
as we just talked a little bit about destiny
and the fact that it requires an always
online connection. That is fact,
not rumor. They said that
today. But that's something that's going to impact
the game industry. The whole fact
about used games being banned on the new
consoles. That's a rumor, yes.
But I think all of us sit
here and go, do you think, can you
sit there and you honestly think to yourself
that in no boardroom ever
has it been said by a senior
executive, we should lock out
new games on the new console.
Use games. Is that what
I said? Lock out new games.
Lock out the new ones.
Then we have to do an even newer system and have to
charge them.
The online pass idea came
from somewhere.
Rumors are often
founded in fact.
I just don't think this was a very well thought
out email, honestly.
But
the biggest thing too is that
I actually like looking at the rumors
and the speculation and keeping
track of it so I can see what legitimately
happens when something comes out to see
who was right, who was on the right track.
Was our technology really
in the place where we had
this capability? For me
it's actually a gauge of how
ambitious consumer
level technology is.
I think it's neat.
Black Wolf
in Chat says, I'm not a journalist. I'm a
commentator. I don't actually have the resources
to be a real journalist.
Well, what is a real journalist anyway?
Because some things that get away with
being real journalism are a little
bit laughable. But anyway
I do like that comparison.
I'm not a games journalist either,
really. I actually think more than anything I'm a
games analyst.
I will analyze the shit out of your game. I say
that with a straight face too.
I'm a games analyst. A lot of you are games
analysts too. You really are.
Some people are just anal. We've been
sitting here talking about games for 11 years and
there's some other guys that go out there
in every story and being interviewed with
a games analyst title. But you know what?
They get about as much stuff right as we do.
And about as much wrong as we do. Because
one of those games analysts was out there this week,
a big one in fact, talking about how this is
the doom and gloom, the end all be all for Nintendo.
And that Nintendo is fucked. And I'm
thinking like, dude, what are you smoking?
It is way too fucking early to say anything
about that. I don't care what degree you have under your belt.
This is, this is just not
like
it's not, it is way too
early to say something like that.
A year from now, maybe. But this is Nintendo
we're talking about. Come on.
It's one thing to bring up rumor
without having anything to substantiate
it. It's completely
different if you actually have items
that are going to back it up. Like, okay, for example,
let's say that
it's a year from now and Nintendo
has continued to have dismal sales
and we're starting to see extreme
price reductions on the Wii U
and we're starting to see the
3DS
game sales drop, then
at that point it might be safe to speculate
that Nintendo might be looking at a failure.
But right now, like
you said, no. It's completely
different just to completely sensationalize
something and try to get
people to back you up by being
even more sensational about
it as opposed to stating
well, this is what's being said.
This is what we've seen. Make your
own decision. There's people out there
who will just read anything and believe it immediately.
It's just like, you'll see
commenters on news stories
where they're talking about a rumor and they're like
that's it, I'm not buying an Xbox.
It's like, if that's
true, then I'm not buying an Xbox
or if that's
true, that's the reason I'm not going to buy an Xbox.
It's like, oh, this is absolute fact
because it's coming to me from
this gaming blog that I trust their
information, so therefore it is
I am not going to buy this
console. These are the people that are
fucking wishy-washy that will change their mind
eight times. These are the ones that
start a petition or join a group
that say, oh, I'm not playing the next Call of Duty game
and then you see them playing the next Call of Duty game.
I mean, whatever.
But yeah, I think
I know for a fact that
and this comes from just my line of work
that I don't deal in guarantees.
I know that.
I'm always
leaving myself a way out
and there's no way that I'm saying anything
is absolute fact unless
I actually see it.
Now, rostielut is in chat right now and says
makes a note that I'm now hated.
I didn't say I hated you.
No one said we hated you.
But when you're going to ask a question, why do you guys
spend time on nonsense rumors?
In what way does panic mongering help the show?
I just thought I would express
why we spend time on nonsense rumors.
I think panic mongering might be a little bit extreme
of a viewpoint. It's not like we're sitting here going
AHHHHH!
So under Nintendo! Oh my god!
I could hear once.
Run!
Plus, if the site gets more hits
I might lose to bog the game.
That's what it's really
about, isn't it? That's what I care about.
Alright, let's get to the other half
of the email which is a question
I think is a little
a little more up our alley.
Secondly, Aliens Colonel
Marines has been released after seven years
development and the consensus seems to be that it's
a hot mess.
This is the type of email I like to get.
It's interesting that much like Duke Nukem
Forever, the game had a protracted
crap ton of development houses working
on it. My question here is this.
At what point are there too many hands
in the pot and when should a project
just be cancelled? In my view
anything past three years in two development
houses is asking for disaster.
It's all about contracts you sign.
Cooks in the soup.
And what you're going to be responsible
for if you don't come through with the product
you promised whoever paid you
money to come through with.
Duke Nukem Forever was cancelled
at one point, was it not? Like when the company
went out of business and Gearbox essentially just
bought what was left over from it.
Duke Nukem Forever was not going to happen.
But they kind of
picked up the ashes and released what
they did for better or for worse.
Right?
It's a
question with a lot of gray area because it's not like
you can draw a line and say
you did three years in two development houses.
Well that doesn't necessarily
take everything into effect because I think a game
like Smash Brothers
didn't the one on the Wii take more
than three years to develop? I think it did.
Didn't it take more like four?
You know and it came out okay.
The game was pretty good. It's one of the better Wii titles.
You know it worked out.
So you know I don't think
you should cancel a game just because it's taken too damn long.
How long has Bioshock Infinite been
in development?
Delayed by years.
Or
maybe how long has
Last Guardian been in development?
Well that's never going to come out.
How about Final Fantasy Versus
13? Yeah
there's a great example huh?
Yeah but the
Agito 13 came out at zero.
So anyway
I don't think there is a line you can
draw but I think there does come a point where
somebody has to assess it and this is what
happens once in a while and this is why games get cancelled.
Is that somebody walks in there every three months
and says I'm here representing the people
who put their money into this and is paying
all your paychecks right now. Show me what you
got. And if it doesn't live up to expectations
done. Cancelled. Money pulled.
That's what happens. That's part
of the ebb and flow of it. So you know if there's
enough development and things to show
every few months the game keeps
going but if it stops the game
is done.
I wonder if it's just one of those things where they just
they just they crapped out what they had
it sounds like they shoved it off to this other
company to finish it off what they'd started
and it was just kind of a mess
like it just sounds like maybe it was just like
mismanaged and I don't know but I haven't
played the game so I feel weird kind of sitting here
and giving all these opinions on a game I haven't played.
I can really only go off of what you know the internet
is saying about it.
And the bugs of the internet are talking about are
nothing compared to some of the shit you see in Skyrim
Red Dead Redemption Saints Bro
I mean that's
that's child's play.
Those games have bugs down to
a fine art. Anyway
have a good show guys.
We're having a great show.
It's great.
Mailbag at OrangeLawnTrader.com
if you want to help us be a great show too.
Let's get to the FUs of the week.
Two
The self entitled wads of
fuck that drive in the parking lot
at Whole Foods.
I don't care how expensive
your damn car is
or how much gas it guzzles
or how organic you fucking eat.
Learn to fucking
drive.
I know.
You find assholes of all
varieties and not just inside
the shopping place.
Another one goes
to
oh yeah
goes to
Legend and the Mass Effect
3 update
that just happened because I want my
console back.
However
I once again got fly cam working.
And
I think being sick
because my son just drives
every single illness like a
like a fisherman's neck
for illness.
So that kind of sucks.
That's what children do. That's their revenge.
Discipline.
I don't know.
So
I guess FU to that and
FU to having to move my desk upstairs
because for some dumb
reason management thought it was a great idea
to fucking flip the building upside
down and so they have
you know everybody
from the third floor moving to the second floor and
everybody from the second floor moving to the third floor and I have a lot of shit
I got to move because I store all sorts of weird
shit at my desk like arcade parts.
So you know
it's a little weird.
I have an MP5
and a System 573
board for Dance Maniac
Second Mix, a coin box
and a Neo Geo arcade board
at my desk among a bunch of
figurines. I have a Gundam
collection. I have anime
stuff up on my shelves.
And I have a what I consider
life size paper craft
model of a Koopa.
And I have a chicken
that has an Elibit riding on top
of it. That's right. I have a chicken
with an Elibit riding on top.
Does anyone fucking remember Elibits?
Hello? Konami?
Let's make another Elibits game.
Waco go ahead.
Uh
gosh I was talking about this with my wife
and I was like you know what FU
to the podcast app
on iPod, iPhone
which is pretty old but I finally updated
my iPod even though I heard it was
terrible and I was really mad
because I couldn't scan through
the show to find like every time I plug
it into my car it would reset back to the start and I
hated that. But before I could always just
you know like
kind of scan ahead to the part that I was at
but I couldn't do that and I couldn't figure it out. Well my wife
grabs it and two seconds later she finds
out how to do it. You swipe the little
logo for the show up and then there's a
deal up there and you shut all of that. I feel so
stupid but the podcast app is terrible.
Still terrible so still FU the
podcast app is terrible. Honestly use Stitcher
to listen to the show. Sorry but
you got to stream on Stitcher don't you? Yeah
yeah I got to download because I listen in the
car. Actually I think Stitcher
will now let you download. I want to say that's something
they added to because a lot of podcasters
were complaining about that. I think they
added that. I'll check that out. Yeah
I listen in the car so I can't stream.
Don't
don't
Alright my FU of the week goes to the fact that
I don't have tomorrow off unlike
a lot of yous. I don't either.
I'm unemployed.
I have tomorrow off. I'm going to
sit in my pajamas all day and play Mass Effect.
Bananas in pajamas.
So FU to that I don't get tomorrow off.
What's a President's Day?
Also FU to Shane.
Fucking bot Pokemon
games.
You can buy next the fucking
Power Rangers game. No.
We've had this discussion. I said that's one
that's one you're not going to get. Oh my god
isn't there a new Sentai series out? Shane
is there a new Sentai series out because I
want to watch it. Follow his Facebook. He says it's terrible.
They have that new
one now. It's a new movie that's coming out
that's
the pervert one.
The guy that wears the
panties over his face or something like that.
What? It's like a
hentai something.
I don't remember what it's called now.
It looks funny.
Because he does this weird penis spin
on some guy's face
or something.
He wears
he wears hentai not sentai.
Back away from Loki a little bit here.
Oh no I think Shane was talking about the new
American version is really
terrible or something.
Megaforce Rangers. And here we all are
entertaining this fucking
Power Rangers discussion. Knock it off.
Hey you hush.
I have like two laser discs.
One of them is Mega Ranger vs.
Car Ranger. And the other one is
like another I think Mega Ranger movie.
So shut up. It is
hentai common.
Hentai common. Hentai common.
Yes. They have a brand new
super hero
movie.
Alright let's go to a few more
topics for you guys and then we're going to get to the
Skype line at 1877 Game O
L R or our username on Skype.
Loki. So there's some
Kickstarter games that are actually getting
publishers which is kind of cool.
One of them is
this game called Take Down.
It's like a tactical shooter
game. They're seeing kind of like a
slow paced Tom Clancy's
Ghost Recon or something like that.
Sort of
like that sort of series
I guess. But
it's going to be coming out by five of five games
called Take Down Red Saber.
And I guess the guy that developed it was
Christian Allen. Oh I guess that's why it's similar to
Tom Grant. He was one of the creative
directors for the Ghost Recon series and
also I guess
SWAT and Rainbow Six.
So that's kind of cool.
So that's going to be coming out.
It doesn't say when though but sometime in
2013. And then
Wildman. Remember that was the one that
was being done by Gas Powered Games
kind of like as the last ditch
hey we need this Kickstarter or else we're going
out of business thing. Well actually
they canceled their Kickstarter.
So
and the reason they canceled their Kickstarter
is because they got purchased by Wargaming.
Because I think World of Tanks.
So no word if they're going to still
be doing the Wildman game but
at least now they have some funding.
So that's good.
Lots of Kickstarter news tonight.
I got one here too. It's about a
90's arcade racer. Because there's just
not enough Daytona USA in your life.
And the like.
It looks awesome.
Nysalis. Is that how you say their name?
Nysalis. They are doing
this Kickstarter for what's called the 90's
arcade racer. It has already exceeded
the 10,000 pound gold
that they had set. Nysalis
made Cave Story.
And they are going to do this new racing game
for iOS, Android, and Wii U.
Well I don't think it's Nysalis that's actually doing
their, they picked it up. Oh that's the publisher.
Yeah they picked it up. Thank you. They are the
publisher. The
producer is Tyrone Rodriguez
is the
Nysalis producer who will be
producing and helping the game come to
the iOS, Android, and Wii U.
Which I think is interesting. Here's one that
now we're not talking about 360
or Playstation. It's Wii U. PC,
Mac, and Linux as well were already announced.
It looks cool.
Yeah. I almost backed it
but I'm poor.
But I'm poor.
Alright. That's it.
We're going to get to the Skype line.
1877 Game OLR. Or our user name
on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call.
We will talk about
what's going on in games.
Whatever you want to talk about tonight.
We've had a lot of stuff tonight. I'm sure it's going to
elicit some sort of reaction. So the Skype line is open
now. While we wait for some calls
Loki, any last minute stories you want to share?
Um...
Nah. I didn't really have anything
I wanted to talk about other than
I wanted to go into a little bit more
detail with that whole iPad thing.
Because they had some cool notes
that I missed in there after I read through it.
Apparently those
cameras, the stereoscopic cameras are meant
for capturing objects that you
place on top of it. So basically
it would capture both sides of a 3D object
or they even may have
more than just a couple cameras on there.
And it would import the full
3D object into your game.
Which is kind of cool.
Of course, you know, they said
6 axis
They're supposed to have some sort of LED
strips on the side. I guess that part that looked
like the whole
what is it, a plywood thing.
Let me go to the phones because we're getting
calls. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hey, can you guys hear me? Hi, we can hear you.
Alright. I just wanted to say
Hey, what's up guys?
Long time no talk to you. Who is this?
Introduce yourself.
It's Gamer Girl.
Gamer Girl! How you doing, Gamer Girl?
So
I'm kind of nervous because I don't really know
what to talk about.
I think she's also
Oh, I think you're listening to us
I hear a little bit of echo.
You might want to mute the radio in the background there.
Well, that's no problem.
You're just going through your head when you hit the dial button.
Is it still echoing?
Uh huh.
Um, hold on a second.
We'll hold. We'll wait.
There's nothing we got to do.
We don't got nothing better to do.
We'll make up another rumor and talk
about it. How's that sound?
Oh, what's up Gamer Girl?
What's on your mind tonight?
Okay, I don't know if I'm
still
We hear you honey. Keep talking.
Can I get a what what?
Um, shoot.
I don't think she can hear us.
Honey, try back later because I don't think you can hear us.
Sorry to say.
Aw, that's always depressing.
Yeah. Alright, let's go to the phones.
Ooh, anyone new?
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio. Who's this?
Okay, I don't know if I'm still
We hear you, honey.
Keep talking.
We're hearing ourselves.
Shoot.
God damn it. Alright, let's try it.
Flocko's fucking Hair Doll.
I knew this was going to come up.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio. Who's this?
Hi, you guys. It's Porkchop. How's it going?
Wait, wait, wait. You can hear me?
And I can hear you? Yes.
Oh my god. It's a miracle.
I fixed the show.
Hi, guys.
It's been a pretty hype-tastic week.
I don't know what to believe anymore.
I'm starting to lose faith.
I know, and here we are. We're making all this shit up
and just rumour-mongering
and we just made the whole thing worse
in our desperate attempt to get
all the thousands of clicks that we get
every week here on the show.
I kind of got nostalgic as well, though.
Like, the guys were talking about, you know,
like, old games in chat
and especially games in development hell
and stuff like that.
I don't know.
And it was kind of sad to hear, like, you know,
the likes of Beyond Good and Evil 2
and The Last Guardian. I was looking forward to those.
Like, why can't these companies
just, you know, wake the fuck up
and realise these games will sell
because they had a...
Well, I know The Last Guardian will anyway.
It looked amazing when I saw the trailers and stuff.
So, you know, get on that.
Stop bitching about fucking iPads
and all this bullshit.
Yeah, but what about when they don't sell?
Because sometimes, you know, big time
because sometimes, you know, big titles come out
and they don't sell.
And it makes developers nervous.
I guess there was, like, you know,
sometimes there is a lot of hype.
Hype is just the theme for this week.
Like, even, I was thinking about Metal Gear Rising
and I looked at the footage and I think,
OK, Platinum Games normally do these action games,
kind of real justice,
like Bayonetta, they did that.
But this game,
there's something I can't shake about it
as much as I love Metal Gear Solid
and writing himself his cool character.
I'm just getting a weird feeling off it
and I'm not sure whether or not to buy it.
What's going into your decision, ultimately?
What's going to help you get home weird, if anything?
I don't know.
It's the fact that,
you know, spin-off titles aren't always great, you know.
It's something that I'm a bit tentative about
and I'm watching it and I'm thinking,
like, even DMC, the New Devil May Cry game,
I'm very scared to buy that
because I really, really
loved the series before that
and now it's just turned on its head.
The game where you're not Dante?
Pardon? The game where you're not Dante?
The game where you're Dante Mark 2, yeah.
Yeah.
I've been scared of him for so long.
And yes, I will read you the phone book, no problem.
It's just like another doctor, it's OK.
Yeah, he just regenerated like a doctor.
Of course, yeah.
That's just Red Cannon in there.
No point in talking about any real substantial story at all, is it?
Plus, it's the really sexed-up Devil May Cry,
is the other kind of thing about it,
is that this version in particular...
The Devil May Metro?
Kinda, yeah. Devil May Metro, a little bit.
I mean, that's a bad thing.
Dante's now got the face of the lead developer or something.
I've heard something like that.
Apparently, the spitting image of the guy
who developed the game, I'm like, what?
It could be worse. He could have the face of,
like, you know, I don't know, Gilbert Gottfried, or...
Or one of the Jonas Brothers.
Oh, that would be...
I'm gonna make myself sick if I talk about it anymore.
Hey, no, it could be a Dante de Medna version.
I would know.
That's like DLC.
That's like, you know, guilty pleasures and stuff like that.
What is ultimately going to...
You know, this is...
The boardroom guys wanna get in your head as a gamer.
What is ultimately going to make that decision for you
if you're gonna pick up Devil May Cry or not?
If you just leave it alone,
you know, don't...
Don't twist it to think that you're...
No, this is a reboot.
And as far as I'm concerned, the game was fine
before they went and did all this,
I don't know, fucking lost city of demons
turning the fucking buildings upside down.
It was fine when he was the demon hunter
and he had white hair initially,
but now they just made him look like this fucking weirdo...
I don't know what to make of him at all.
Okay, I'm gonna play...
Don't ruin it, that's all I can really say.
I'm gonna play boardroom guy for a second here.
This is how you get the female audience.
You go the Bayonetta route, okay?
You just have... You have his penis
basically act like her hair in that game,
so it's just flopping around, attacking things.
And there you go.
That would be frightening.
It wouldn't surprise me if that's what they're trying to do,
but still.
I would love to actually have a main male character
who's just in completely oversexed positions.
Like...
We'll play Devil May Cry.
I know, I want the over-the-top,
like, you know, a comic book cover.
Done by Rob Liefeld.
You're like... You want the Hawkeye Initiative
to be a video game.
I want the Hawkeye Initiative to be a video game.
That's what she's talking about.
That would be hilarious.
You want a Hawkeye game.
Jeremy Renner stars as fucking the main character,
so that would be perfect.
I would just play Jeremy Renner's, you know,
butt the game.
With, you know, Wii Move.
Or Wii.
You're taking...
You all are taking this show to a very strange place.
Alright.
Uh...
Anyway, Porkchop, I got to wrap up,
so I can try to get another call,
but any other thoughts for us tonight?
Yes, thanks very much.
I want to thank you personally.
You put me on the Path of Exile.
It's very satisfying,
and I'm going to play more of it.
How about that?
Somebody just accused me,
I think it was on Hoard House this week,
saying I never shut up about that game, so...
Which, I've mentioned it twice,
and apparently I never shut up.
Says the person who mentions Mass Effect of Pokemon all the time.
I instilled fearmongering in people
if they didn't go play Path of Exile.
It's worth a shot.
For a five gig download,
this game really is worth a shot,
and you heard it here, so...
Like, honestly, didn't you play it,
and you were like,
oh my god, Diablo 3, finally.
Uh, well, it was Diablo,
but even so, just playing it and killing things,
it was, look, it was worth it.
Totally worth waiting,
and the internet was crap downloading,
took ages, it was worth it.
Go try it out, at least,
even if you're not a fan.
Try it out.
A ringing endorsement from overseas.
There you go.
Can't beat that.
Well, maybe I will be downloading it tonight.
Good girl.
All right, that's it, Porkchop.
Have a good one, buddy.
Take it easy, guys.
All right, bye-bye.
All right, I will try this call one more time,
because it's a new name, I think.
Hi, you're on Orange Country.
Who's this?
It was crap downloading, took ages.
Nope, you gotta call Echo 1-2-3.
That's it.
And turn off your speakers.
Yeah, well, yeah, that's the problem.
Use headphones.
You gotta stop the show when you're calling in, so.
Sorry.
Uh, we'll try to see if we can get at least one more call.
We have another one coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Country.
Who's this?
You talk about Path of Exile way too much.
Oh, god, here we go.
Hi, Shane.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm good.
I'm playing Pokemon.
Why the hate boner,
since we've been using that term a lot tonight,
why the hate boner for Path of Exile?
Because it's just a Diablo-style game, and those aren't fun.
Have you played Path of Exile?
I've played Diablo 3, and it's no longer on my computer,
because it was crap.
I'm telling you, there's a difference.
And Torchlight 2, have you played Torchlight 2?
I played the first one, the demo of it,
and it was kind of boring.
You're the problem, Shane.
Shane.
Yes.
We have stuff to do.
Mm-hmm.
But I got to watch Kilryuger some more, because it's so funny.
I need to watch it now.
All right, why did you call in tonight?
Did you just want to tell me to shut up about Path of Exile,
or did you have something else?
No, that's pretty much it.
And Ni No Kuni sucks there.
Hey!
Another game he hasn't played that he hates.
I have a Ni No Kuni.
You have it.
Yes, I have it.
It is not fun.
It is super boring.
The Pokmon aspect is cool, and the battles are fine.
I actually like the battles.
What else is wrong with it?
But the story is terrible.
Here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
A lot of people on this show think I am solely influenced by Shane,
that I got into Mass Effect because of Shane.
I got into probably...
Are you playing Persona?
And they're right.
I haven't played Persona yet, but I will.
See?
See?
Everybody proof.
Mass Effect, and we have the Pokmon and...
Acornage.
Well, yeah, but I would have found that anyway,
because it was in DDR.
Final Fantasy XIV, giving that a second chance,
was largely in part to Shane.
But I do influence Shane sometimes,
and Ni No Kuni was one of them,
is that I convinced him to get Ni No Kuni, right Shane?
Yeah, but now he doesn't like it.
He's gonna give me his copy.
It was between that and Devil May Cry,
and I made the wrong choice.
It's like the Bizarro review, Ni No Kuni.
Every reviewer is like,
oh, the story's amazing, but, you know,
there's some problems with the gameplay and the battle system.
But Shane's like, battle system's great,
but story, oh, sucks.
Now this means Shane can give me his copy.
Of Ni No Kuni?
Yeah.
Now I'm gonna eBay that and sell my little
limited edition case I have with it,
because it goes for like 40 bucks,
just the case alone.
Damn it.
Did you get the book?
No, I did not get a book.
Oh, I want the book.
No.
Yeah, Ni No Kuni does suck, though.
Like, the story is so boring.
I don't care about any of the characters.
I care about, like, my little mighty,
mighty guy, and that's pretty much it.
I named him Fodder,
because I figured he wasn't gonna be worth anything,
but he's really good.
He is really good.
He actually lasts a long time,
but, though, if you read game facts,
they all say, oh, he's horrible.
He's got bad stats.
Okay, so, I just want to be clear here,
I just want to be clear.
You do not like the story of Ni No Kuni.
No.
But you are current on every episode
of Power Rangers ever made, correct?
Um, not entirely.
There's some seasons that I've kind of glossed over.
I see, I see.
And how's the story in Pokemon?
You a big fan of the story in Pokemon?
Yes.
Okay, Shane, wait.
I have to ask you,
because I've been meaning to ask you this for ages,
what is your favorite Sentai series?
Sentai series?
Yeah.
Um, probably Gokaiger.
Really?
Yes, it cracks me up,
but Kyoryuja might take its place.
I still...
Oh, and Dekaranger.
Dekaranger.
Dekaranger's awesome.
I still say Mega Ranger was the best.
I don't know.
I haven't seen that one.
Most of the later ones.
Go watch Mega Ranger.
It's awesome.
Are you guys done?
No, are you done?
Yes.
Bye, have a good time.
Thanks for calling.
Mm-hmm.
Bye.
He's like, mm-hmm.
1-877-GAMO-LR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
You can hear more hilarious antics from Shane
live Wednesday nights at the Voice of Geeks Network
on Horde House, where we talk about Warcraft.
And then some.
7 o'clock Pacific, 10 o'clock Eastern.
Now live every week.
1-877-GAMO-LR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
I got time for one more call.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
I got bronchitis.
That lady's making a killing.
But whatever happened to Antoine Dodson?
She was on Tosh last year.
Antoine Dodson moved back to Alabama.
He was on Tosh, too.
It's tough to make a living.
I'm going to find out now.
Hold on.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
That's the one and only Ronda from the East Coast.
Hey, Ronda from the East Coast.
How's it going?
Ah, pretty good, pretty good.
We kind of crashed a stream three times on our live show.
Yeah, I heard.
I got the memo.
Good job on that.
But congrats on your first live show.
Thanks, and we try.
Evidently, Winnamp didn't like a certain MP3
and decided to give me the middle finger.
It might do that with some of the foreign name titles,
just so you know.
I should have warned you about that.
That's worse.
These are things we learn through trial and error.
Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Well, congratulations on 100 episodes nonetheless.
Thank you.
An anime jam session can also be heard live on VOG Network
Tuesday nights at 6.30 Pacific, 9.30 Eastern every week.
VOG got two new live shows.
Well, they're not new shows, but two new live shows this week.
It's like we kind of doubled.
Not really.
I guess we went from three to five.
It's close.
So pretty cool.
So what else have you been up to besides crashing Winnamp?
Just making it through school.
Just chilling, just making it through school?
What are you studying?
Networking technology.
I guess you didn't get the notice on that.
I decided to go back to college.
I am quite proud of your achievement.
Thank you.
No, I did get the memo on it, but I don't assume
that the radio listeners all know the story about them.
So I sometimes ask rhetorical questions, but anyway.
Any cons going on lately?
Weren't you at a con this weekend?
No, that was Kat's a con, but we're going to be covering that
this week because there was so much drama and controversy
going on there.
Oh my God, you've got to tell our audience.
I know it's a video game show, but I saw it on Tumblr.
I saw it on Facebook.
I saw it on Twitter.
There was drama everywhere.
Give us a little bit.
Give us a little bit of the drama.
Give us a tease.
Sure.
Sure.
The main issue was cosplayers and con goers, a kind of piss
that a international Jewish organization took up a majority
of the conventions of the convention area and places
for taking photography.
And there was pretty much insults going between both sides
back and forth.
Really?
Yes, really.
Jamie, as a Jewish former cosplayer, do you feel conflicted?
I don't know enough about it.
And honestly, I just feel like asshole photographers.
You will talk later because believe you me, I have friends
that are also Jewish and cosplayers.
We're pissed at both sides as well, but we'll see that
for another time.
I just don't like when you get two groups of people together
who decide to act like name calling five year olds.
Then I think both people just need to shut up and let it go.
Also, update on Antoine Dodson released a single in 2012
called Lovesick Lullaby.
How did that sound?
I just downloaded it.
Oh, my God.
You're the problem.
Damn it, Uchon.
Look at your life.
Look at your choices.
Antoine Dodson songs?
Ain't nobody got time for that.
So we're done with hiding your wife and hiding your kids?
Yeah.
No, it's 2013.
It's a new year.
Ain't nobody got time for that.
The last thing that Wikipedia said was that he got arrested
for having a warrant out on him for pot possession.
No.
Back in Huntsville.
No.
Huntsville.
He smoked marijuana.
Get out.
Hide your bong.
Hide your roach.
Anyway, what else should I ask you about, Rama?
I don't know.
I just have a few things to say.
All right.
Quick, and I'll be on my way.
The convention that you went to is called Animation on Display,
and one of our podcast good friends, Kyle Hebert, was there as a guest.
Neat.
Yes.
And the other Sentai series that's coming out, that actually premiered yesterday, is
called Zuden Sentai Kuruja.
It's the third Sentai series based off of dinosaurs.
Fun, because what was the one?
Dioranger.
Dino Thunder?
No, Dioranger was...
Dinosaurs dress up and transform?
That's pretty awesome.
No, no.
Kuruja was the first one.
Yeah, Zooranger.
That was the first one.
Dioranger was the one with the tiger guy, the 10-year-old white ranger guy.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Yeah, a little too many people know is that the white ranger was actually from a completely
different series.
They had better outfits, just saying.
They did.
Yes, they did.
They totally had better outfits.
Well, Rama, after this call, I feel like I learned something.
Two more things, I'm going to get out of here.
All right.
The whole Year of Luigi thing.
Just so you know, we always knew that Reggie was Team Luigi.
That's proof of the picture I have posted on Facebook and in the chat room of Reggie
wearing my Luigi hat.
That's awesome.
Never wash that hat again.
Just kidding.
You should probably wash it once in a while.
No, I take it to be dry cleaned and I keep it in a glass case.
Oh, okay.
All right.
That works.
That works.
Oh, my God.
I haven't seen this picture.
How did I miss this?
You have not seen it?
No.
That's hilarious.
That's pretty cool.
That's awesome.
Oh, God, I love it.
All right.
When are you going to get your ass back out here?
Can you put that on Tumblr or something?
Because I need the podcasties to be able to see that too.
I will.
I will Tumblr it and I will be back on the West Coast as soon as I get some more money
and I'm done with college.
Okay.
Because I want to come back out there again.
I want to go out there and go to a club.
How about we crash New York?
Well, Chiara is out this way, so I don't think it'd be too hard to get you over here
and me down there and Jovidea down here to do a big old party thing.
You know what I'm saying?
There you go.
We need to do our own con and call it Fuck You Con.
Only if it's a sexy party.
They do have that.
It's 21 plus and you're guaranteed to be drunk by the end of the three days.
Awesome.
Sounds like fun to me.
All right, Rama, I got to let you go to wrap up the show.
Fine.
Okay.
I'm out of here.
All right.
Have a good one, buddy.
Another A plus phone call from Rama.
Sorry to those we didn't get to, and I'm sorry to those who had their connections all screwy.
Echo one, two, three in the future.
There we go.
That's it.
Sorry to those who didn't get through, but email us.
Mailbag at orangelandtrady.com or tweet us.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R.
Oh shit, I got to do the tweets.
Here I was ready to wrap up.
I have a last minute story.
All right, go for it.
I got to pull up the Twitters.
So there is a new world record for Qbert.
Apparently, George Layouts, I guess, he had been playing Qbert with a friend, Ed Hemskerk.
They've been playing the game for 30 years now, and they've been trying to go for this world record.
Ed had actually gone for 60 hours before he had gotten tired, and this guy, George, actually went for 80 plus hours.
He actually beat the world record, I guess, at about over 84 hours and 36 million points.
So at least that's what the thought is right now, that he has broken the record for both the longest time playing on a single quarter and score.
He likes to score all night.
Here's a last minute story if I ever heard one.
Shane actually sent this link to me, and believe it or not, it's like on topic and legit.
Let's give him a hand for doing a good job.
All right, no, this is actually super important.
Sony has just announced that they are going to be doing a stream all about the PlayStation Vita.
When's it happening?
Today, 5 p.m. Tokyo time, and that will be 3 a.m. Eastern.
So that means in about two more hours, we're going to be having a feed from Sony all about the PlayStation Vita.
And it is ahead of the February 20th event, meaning, this is confirmed, the two events are about separate topics.
So the February 20th event is all about something new, because they're getting the Vita stuff out of the way this week, or tonight.
So, Loki, upon hearing that, you just said earlier in the show, where's the information on the Vita?
Any reaction to this, hearing this?
I'm going to see what they say.
See, the problem is, when they make announcements in Japan, it's for Japanese games.
And it's not necessarily something that's going to come over here.
And here's the other funny thing you want to see.
Because I work at a company that we deal with Sony on both movies and game side.
And we do a lot of promotions with them.
In fact, they have a new promotion, which I'm fucking pissed at right now, because I probably can't go.
It's possibly to go on a red carpet premiere for This Is The End, with fucking Seth Rogen and shit like that.
It'll be fun.
My wife might not like that.
But here's the thing.
They've been...
I'll fucking go.
Our rep...
My name's Loki.
A rep in house has been asking me, she's all, okay, well, what's in the electronic device that Sony has?
You know, what's hot right now with Sony and stuff?
And I was like, oh yeah, well, there's the PlayStation 4, it's going to be coming out, and then there's the Vita.
I may actually get another Vita.
I'm not having to pay for it, of course, but...
You have a rough life.
Well, I...
I might have to go to a movie premiere.
Well, no, no.
Here's the thing, though.
I've got another Vita.
Right now the wife has said I can't go, and I've missed out on the last two Sony trips that they did.
They went to a winery one time, and then they went to Monterey.
I didn't get included in either of those trips.
I had to stay back and answer phones.
Thanks.
Good times.
All right, quickly, I've got to do some quick Twitter topics here.
Tigerclaw sent us a couple stories here.
I'm just going to do one because I'm pressed for time here.
A video of a tech demo of a Star Wars fighting game for the original Xbox that never made it.
Oh, yeah.
Get out.
I didn't know that this was something they were doing.
That's been floating for a little bit.
Yeah, but there was...
I thought they had a Play...
There was the...
On PS1 they did, right?
Really?
There was the Masters of Terra something.
Yeah, but this one's got like Anakin versus Darth Maul.
It looks like it ties into the prequels a little bit, which is probably why it didn't,
you know, amount to anything.
Spazinator says, by the way, in reference to the music break tonight, Killer Instinct
is greater than Super Metroid.
Just saying.
Well, you know, Orange Lontre, who is the show where every gamer has a voice.
Except you.
No, no, no.
He has a voice, but...
He has a voice.
Just what's it like to have such a wrong voice?
I mean, there's no such thing as a wrong opinion, but that's really fucking close.
I've never said there's no such thing as a...
I've never said that there's a stupid question.
That's pushing it.
Since we are on the topic of, you know, Star Wars, or we were on the topic of Star Wars,
and this is kind of a bit of a duh, but I have been told by somebody that would know
that in Disney, and obviously this is all very, very early, but they have greenlit Star
Wars figures for Disney Infinity.
Probably not coming out anytime soon, but it is in the works.
So don't be surprised next year if you see Star Wars figures.
What would be interesting is Star Wars figures with Marvel figures with Disney figures.
Oh yeah, I'm surprised nobody's asked the question about Marvel.
Yeah, we almost forgot about that too.
You know what?
Marvel's got their own venture going on with that Marvel Heroes whatever play game,
so I wouldn't see them putting in the Marvel people just yet,
especially since you're not seeing anything Marvel really involved with the parks yet.
Alright, and lastly from SSJ100Matt,
with so much negativity stemming from video games lately,
someone is opening up an arcade in Newton, Connecticut.
Very interesting.
Let's see, I'm trying to scan through this real quick.
God, I wish I had more time to talk about this here.
The Sandy Hook Arcade Center, a focus on family-friendly games,
and Newtown residents will be able to play it for free.
It's a non-profit operation relying on donations to keep operations going.
Similar to an arcade in Massachusetts called Tokyo Game Action,
which was also non-profit, but they closed.
No game list available yet, but they're talking about driving games,
pinball machines, air hockey, Kinect, and many more.
So it's a non-profit arcade, so it's an arcade?
Wah wah.
Womp womp womp.
Alright, that does it.
We gotta wrap up.
We're at midnight thirty eastern time here.
We're running a little late, so we gotta go around and wrap it up.
Thank you guys very much for tuning into the show
and staying with us for all three hours tonight.
Remember, we do this show for free.
We even endure the people calling us out on our fear mongering and all that,
but we do it because we love you guys and we love the community.
Yes, even the nasty emailers too.
I love you so much.
You can help spread the word about our show by telling a friend.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
Leave us a nice review on whatever website you found the show on,
iTunes or Stitcher or wherever.
We really appreciate it.
Tumblr, you can tumbles about us and all that good stuff.
Let's go around and get everybody's final thought.
Flaco, thank you very much for being here tonight.
I hope you had fun.
I did.
Alright, good times.
Any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
Just thanks for having me.
I got to talk about Ni No Kuni.
I'm going to use it for my pilot for my Ni No Kuni podcast,
just so Bobby Blackwolf can wear out the waste of time keys on his keyboard.
Are you going to call it Ni No Podcast?
Ni No Podcast.
Ni No Cast.
I think Ni No Podcast would be a great addition to the VOG network.
I'm sure Bobby would have no problem.
He would love it.
No problem at all.
Green light, green light.
I'm going to just offer you the spot right now.
We'll just call it Bobby Blackwolf Night.
We'll have Mass Effect Podcast and Ni No Kuni Podcast back to back.
And then the Brony show.
Oh yeah, the Brony show.
The Brony show.
Sounds great.
It'll be awesome.
Alright, Dark Soccer, your final thought tonight?
Hate boner.
My final thought tonight is sunflower seeds.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
My final thought is, I don't know, I don't have anything.
I just don't want to move upstairs.
I hate moving my stuff.
Get a peon to do it for you.
I've been in that spot for a long time and I just don't like moving
because everyone's like, well, your desk is a mess anyways.
Actually, no, my desk is just spread out.
It's not a mess.
It's organized chaos.
It's not organized at all.
It's just there's stuff on there, but I have a lot of stuff.
It's got to be stored somewhere.
It's sure as hell not going to be at my house.
Alright, that's it.
Thanks a lot, guys, for tuning in and listening and staying with us
all night long.
Here, have a cookie.
We'll see you again next week.
Good night.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vaughnetwork.com
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect
those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or Vaugh Network,
but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music.
