Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Mommy Talk and then some.
Uh, mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, goddammit, I will.
Well, here's to my big opening.
A sphincter says why?
I'm super. Thanks for asking.
You little bitch troll from hell.
What am I doing here?
Haha!
Nooooooo!
Dodge this.
Mm-hmm.
This is a tasty burger.
Look, you stupid bastard, you've got no arms left!
It's a house?
Look!
It's a flesh wound.
Searching for a boy in high school is as useless as searching for meaning in a polyshore.
Oh, yeah?
Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
Dark Sakura.
I had a sniff, sky, but I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer, Loki, I hate you,
Orange Lounge Radio, we are live, this is episode number 65, for October the 19th, live 65,
of 2003, if you thought last week was a blah show, just wait for tonight, you're tuned
into the bee money scenes
most sick radio station of all things bee money
the whole damn world is sick today
well you're always sick but I mean like physically ill
not mentally ill I'm both I'm physically mentally
and I'm sick and abusive
I'm past the contagious stage I'm fine
p0k3smot42o1 my name is rob roberts view you might know me as sky
joining me as always are half of my awesome co-hosts
in this empty corner
the sickest bunny on the farm is jamie summers you know her better is dark sakura
is out sick today
i had a sniff
now you tell me
Hold on.
I'm going to stop this for a minute.
You tell me if both me, Loki, and Jamie are all sick, what does that tell you?
Somebody here last Sunday was sick.
That's what I'm trying to get at.
I don't know, but I have a feeling you guys are all having sex.
That's why you're all getting sick.
Well, it could be that there's a cold going around anyways, and more than one time people
have it because there are people in my work that had it before me. So, it's obviously
not just one person. It can be totally unrelated.
Especially when you work at a large place like you do.
Or it could be, you know, what the most obvious answer is. It's a government conspiracy to
shut us down. They have had bioterrorists come in and, you know, poison our food supply.
Thank God I ate it all and um, yeah, we don't have a lot of time left.
Alright, um, oh hey, knock on the door, yay, another well person.
Hey, now we can get him sick, yeah, we can get him sick too, alright, let me uh, let
me finish the intro here.
See, she got sick from work, so, nyeh.
Well, you should have stopped it!
Oh shit.
Alright, well...
Alright, alright, alright.
Just forget the intro.
Forget it.
Forget it.
Alright, so Jamie's not here, but she is in the chat room, so if you want to say hello
Hello and wish her to get better soon.
Our mics are too loud?
I turned them down.
Are they too loud?
I turned them down.
Oh, they're too loud!
Stop it.
Sorry.
Thank you for that.
I haven't even introduced everyone yet.
I think they all know.
Ah, well.
We've got to do the introduction.
Okay, let's do the introduction.
Okay, Jamie's out sick, but she's in our chat room, www.calibomani.com, click on Orange
Lounge and click on chat.
Say hello, wish her to get better soon, and watch her berate you over typing instead of
verbally tonight.
Alright.
Okay.
In that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Hello again.
Not only are we sick, but we're bitchy and irritable.
How is it any different than usual?
He said hello.
He did, kind of.
Also with us tonight, filling in because he's so generous for the lack of a third person
tonight.
Say hello to Lanky Style.
Also known as Brad.
Hello, Lankystein.
Also known as Brad.
And then in that corner, say hello to Brad Lee.
And also known as Arcadia42.
Oh, no.
How are you doing, Bradley?
OK.
Good.
Usually we'd still have music playing right now, but I fucked up.
He can talk.
He can sing.
Wait, I think I can get music back now.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Yes, there we go.
We'll be talking to all of them more a bit later, but first, we're going to take a quick break.
Don't do that. Don't do that, stupid wacky DJ stuff.
I honestly don't know how we're going to make it three hours tonight. I really don't.
Toki says he's got the ideas.
I think I'm just going to turn this show over to Brad.
What? Which one? Bradley? Okay, here, Bradley.
Both of you.
Come here.
Just sit there and smoke all night and get the sound effects of cigarettes burning.
Hooray.
Oh, Loki wants to take the show outside.
Are you threatening me?
No, we can't go outside.
Then we won't get the outdoors sick.
We'll get kicked out of the apartment complex.
All right, we'll be back.
We've got the money news.
How was your week?
How was your day?
Cage match, FUs, all that fun stuff coming up.
We'll be back.
Will I ever love you again?
Will we be together again?
Thought the love we had was strong
Tell me what's wrong, where did we go wrong?
Will I, will I, will I Will I, will I, will I
Will we be together again?
Thought the one we had was strong
And tell me what's wrong
Where did we go wrong?
You've got your finger on the trigger
Are you gonna shoot me down?
You put the wallet in the chamber
But this time I'm gonna hit the ground
All I wanted was a lover
Someone who could hold me close
Now you've gone and found another
Blow my heart away
Blow my heart away, blow my heart away
You gotta blow my heart away
Blow my heart away, blow my heart away You've gotta blow my heart away
Now you've got me where you want me I've cut my back against the wall
You stand here with a smoking gun This time I'm heading for a fall
You've got your finger on the trigger Are you gonna shoot me down?
All I wanted was a lover Someone who could hold me close
Now you've gone and found another And blown my heart away
Go far away, go far away
Hey!
Give me ecstasy
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
Mwah.
S catalyst.
Yeah.
Oh, ass!
This randomness could only be brought to you by Orange Lounge.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, all ye faithful listeners.
You know what's funny?
During that break, I'd say, you know what's funny?
I looked at the numbers of how many people are listening to the station as we were on
break, and I'd say about 15% of them dropped, because they probably heard that intro where
We're just like we're sick, and we don't give a fuck today, and they're probably just like fuck it
It's gonna be one of those shows fuck it
So thank you guys for sticking on board ye faithful ones
That or just live 365 servers drop them or they're just hardcore Jamie fans, and they're pissed that she's not here tonight
I don't know that too, but we will most likely that's what it is
There's going to be a special appearance by Jamie in one way or another we're trying to work something out because she's in the chat room
She's cammy. How do you have a special appearance? I had to jump through the matrix
Yeah, something like that.
We'll see if we can arrange something later.
We'll see if we can arrange a special visit by a sick Jamie.
And when she's sick, she's twice as bitchy, so if we can get her in for the FUs, that'll be great.
So, anyway...
Are we doing any work?
No, it won't require you doing any work. You're fine.
Because you're sick too, Loki, and I don't want you to have to do work.
I'm not that sick.
Oh, you're not that sick? Oh, great.
Why don't you do the show while I go take a nap?
You sick bastards.
That's right, I don't get to take a nap because I was playing video games all day.
I was playing Final Fantasy X all day long.
Whoop-de-freakin'-doo.
Whoop-de-freakin'-doo, I know.
Good for you, Wrenple, who have American PS2s and can play that game.
For those of you who don't follow along or...
I don't know if I've talked about it on Orange House Radio.
I know I've talked about this plenty on Vanilla Sky on the Monday night show, but I've been rekindling my interest in Final Fantasy X lately.
I don't know, I'm about a year and a half late.
But for some reason I decided I wanted to play it and beat it, so that's what I'm doing right now, is I'm working my way through it.
Someday I should go ahead and beat Final Fantasy IX.
I never beat IX and I never beat VIII.
We probably should tackle that someday.
One of these days.
It's like the last Final Fantasy I actually had the patience to beat was VII, and VIII turned me off to Final Fantasy so bad that I didn't even buy IX.
But you didn't even go to Sea Spirits within, did you?
No, I went to Sea Spirits within, and it made me even sadder.
So, on that note, let's play How Was Your Week and How Was Your Day?
Sacramento, and I don't like the fact that jury duty is in downtown Sacramento.
And the whole week sucked, it was hell, and it would be nice to say, oh well you know,
jury duty is done, so I get to go back to my work, but no, I have to go for the next
least two days.
So that sucks, and I don't want to be there, but I got to sit through it and do my quote
civil duty
civic duty
I don't give a crap
Think of the car, Honda
So, you know, that's why I gotta do that
it wasn't my week, it sucked
I had the worst day ever on Wednesday, I just didn't care when I got back
and then Thursday was alright because we got off at noon
because they're still picking the jury
because it's slow
and then, um
yeah, none of those other things
They didn't say, sorry, go home?
No, they actually put me on there.
Wow, I got kicked off when I was a kid.
Well, they still have to go through pretty much the way I figured, because I've never
really been in one of these things.
They've got 27 people they pick first, they go in there, and then they kind of go through
and eliminate people until those 27 people are all gone or either in the jury box.
There's like still another, you know, they've only eliminated like four people so far and
there's still like another 13 people in the audience still or whatever.
Geez.
You know, and so, I mean, there's a chance that, you know, I might get kicked off, but
probably not because my luck never runs away.
That's crazy.
So.
Four people a day.
It's supposed to only take two hours and it's taken like three so far over the course of
a few days, actually more than three, because we had to, let's see, they were doing it for
about a day or so on Wednesday. They were doing it for about an hour, because we got
in there really late in the day. So they were doing it for about an hour, and then on Thursday
they did it from 9.30 to 12. And they still haven't eliminated how the people, because
Didn't you mention when you were on the stand or whatever that you actually did a show called
Orange Lounge Radio that you are a part of? Yes. Great. The government knows about us.
We are fucked. I don't think they care. Oh my God, you said that. It was funny though
because the prosecution, or no, the defense attorney asked me as one of the questions,
because they are pulling you and asking questions when you are on the box, because I was talking
about, they are all, so what kind of music do you guys play? I am like, I play like trance,
dance music, J-pop, and just went down a whole list.
And then the next question was, what's J-pop?
And I responded, I'm like, it's kind of like hyper, very
high energy, kind of annoying.
And that got everyone laughing.
That was funny.
So you said you were actually on a, did you say you had talk
radio on the microphone radio?
Yeah, and I think I would take that as, OK, we shouldn't have
them on the jury, because you might go ahead talking about
the thing.
Well, I mentioned it as a talk radio station.
I also, what was it, I mentioned, I was going into it, I guess I went into it a little too much, because the judge is like,
Did you want to give out your URL while you're at it?
Did you?
No.
Damn it!
Holy shit, that would have been great.
No, but, damn it, why didn't you have the business cards? We have the business cards, you could offer the judge a business card, you would have gotten kicked off the jury right there, come on.
And he would have had our URL.
No, I'd rather not.
But anyways, the defense attorney, though, she knew what we were talking about.
She's like, oh, so what kind of video games do you guys talk about?
I'm like, oh, mostly the music games.
She's like, oh, like that game where you step on the arrows?
Wait, wait.
I just have to ask real fast.
Did you have to define what speed music was?
No, I did not.
It's a bunch of crap.
Which is ironic because that's the company that my very first website was hosted on.
Well, I gave them the URL to listen to us, but...
Ah, see, you didn't give out the URL.
It's a web person.
I didn't give it out to the whole jury because half of those people I don't think know what a computer is.
Were you being interviewed in front of the other jury members that were going to be interviewed?
Oh yeah, the whole people.
How many people were there?
I don't know, 27.
That's all?
Well, not including the attorneys, the defense, the defendant, and all the judge, the bailiff.
So basically you have no shame.
No.
I couldn't get up on the stand and say that I do those things. Sorry.
I'd so be ashamed of this because they come on here and they find out what a big fag I am in like 15 seconds.
I don't know, for some reason-
Wait, did they kick you off the jury for being a homosexual?
No.
Maybe if the case has something to do with that.
Usually they'll pick a jury when they ask you questions and they're looking for things that may give you a biased opinion during the jury.
But here's the thing though, it's like-
I don't understand about much- I don't know much about how the jury system works and everything, but
it was like they were almost telling people what their answers are.
are. Would this make you biased in any way? And it's basically like, unless I sat there
and go, yes, yes, yes, yes, pretty much asking, hey, who wants to leave? It's pretty much
like that. And they would keep asking the same question until they finally said no.
It's because they can't lead the witnesses in the case, so they just lead the jury members
to pick the ones they want. It's a very slow process, very slow. And I hope that God, it
I know that we actually start the trial on Monday because, I mean, first off, Wednesday
was boring as hell.
You go in and you have to wait for a trial to open up.
So we got one.
I was the first one called or I was in the first group called for a trial.
I was like, oh, sweet, you know, because we're getting to a trial, get it going, get the
hell out of here, you know.
No, wait for an hour, hour, they settled.
Okay, so we go back into the stupid room watching Fox News all day.
And so, waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting, waiting, lunch comes, waiting, waiting, waiting,
waiting.
It's almost time to go home.
It's 3 o'clock.
We get to leave at 3.30 if we're not called in and we're done.
We're done for good.
So, as you would know, at 3.15, they call in the last group and my name is the last
one called on that group.
So, it's like, fuck.
I'm like, okay, settle, settle, settle, settle, no.
I hope you get sequestered.
That would be funny.
It's not going to happen.
I don't think so.
What little I did find out about what's going on, it's not that big deal.
Well, I mean, to somebody it's a big deal, but it's not going to be on the news or anything.
We're not talking like a high profile case, it's just, eh.
Well yeah, you would have been able to tail as soon as you went in there.
They have a completely different type of process and they do that kind of thing.
I don't know, I just want to be out of there.
You know, it's not a matter of like, I don't like jury duty, it's fine.
I just really hate downtown SAC.
I hate driving down there.
I honestly, I hate everything about downtown SAC.
It is impossible to find any place to eat down by the jury place.
I walked around blocks just looking for a restaurant.
It just sucks.
And then, you know, in fact, I have to get there two hours early in order to get parking space, you know, a free parking space.
Otherwise, I have to pay $6 a day, you know, for parking.
Yeah, for parking?
No, they don't.
Yeah, way to go to the city of Sacramento, you rock.
You know, not only do you pay me only $15 to go to jury duty, but half that money is going to go to parking because you don't provide enough parking.
How fucking lame.
But it'll all be over soon.
I'm on vacation next week.
No, I'd be like, my work's not going to pay me.
You find out what the case is about,
and then you make the most stupid statement
that make them totally think that you'd
be the wrong person to pick.
Say it's about a gay person being beaten up,
then you say that you're a freaking anti-gay.
It doesn't work that way.
It doesn't work that way, because they tell you
from the beginning what the case is going to be about.
It's really the whole system is flawed the way they do it, but I guess it works because they have so many trials a day.
It doesn't make any sense because any idiot can find a way out of it. It's just on the honor system, which isn't worth much nowadays.
I don't know how, I guess I was just too young because I think I got called in like on my
18th birthday.
I mean, I swear it was like as soon as I could go to jury duty, I was called and they were
just like, I think they just thought I was too young and they sent me home.
I was like, thank goodness.
I don't want to be here.
Well, it's like there are people like they're all, I don't even know how they could have
a hardship.
You know, the trials going to like last like two days, you know, once they get the jury
selected and you're like, oh, poor me, poor me.
I'm not going to have enough money to make rent, because I missed two days of work.
Well, that's kind of how it is for some people.
Oh, well.
I mean, and you miss rent, and you fucking, it could script your life, I mean, it's not
just any laughing matter.
I think it's a bunch of bullshit, the way they have us set up, so anyway.
Rice Princess is suggesting if you wanted to get out of jury duty, you could have told
them that you make sweet love to sheep. That doesn't have anything to do with the trial
though, so that wouldn't work. Yeah, how would they ever find a juror in Chico if that's
the case? That's what I want to know. Anyway, anything else you want to say about your day
and your week? No, I really didn't do much. I just was like so preoccupied with the stupid
jury crap that's like, didn't really have a very good week and didn't get any work done
on my cabinet, which kind of sucks. I thought it was going to rain today when I looked outside,
but according to the weather, it's not going to rain for a while. And I don't know. It's
just supposed to get warmer. It's supposed to be like 90s. Ew. But I don't know. I'm
I'm just pretty much just doing like running around stuff today. I went grocery shopping because I needed to do that and that's about it.
Supposed to try to find a Halloween costume because I had to go to a party. I don't know, I'm good.
You haven't figured out what you're dressing up as yet?
I had an idea, but there's just a problem is no one seems to have the costume that I want. I had a couple ideas.
It was the Mad Hatter, which is kind of cool.
Just do like an evil Mad Hatter type thing.
I probably do that and it's like eh.
I could dress up like Neo from the Matrix because I already have a trench coat and glasses,
but really it's the wrong kind of trench coat and stuff.
My other one was the charred corpse of an astronaut.
You are horrible.
So I thought that would be kind of cool because all you have to do is find an astronaut costume.
I know you'd be surprised if there's not that many out there. I guess no one wants to dress up like an astronaut this year.
I hope you wouldn't be seen in public with that on because you'd get beat up by somebody.
Oh, by the astronauts? Wait, they can't because they're charred corpses.
You're horrible.
I said you should have been a princess because that would be ironic.
My co-workers supposed to dress up like a dominatrix. That's kind of cool except. She doesn't she wouldn't be a good dominatrix
Now how our other co-workers the slut she be a good dominatrix
But that's all okay, don't give me the microphone um after comments I got it
I'll I'll talk about my day in my week, but first I have to address the chat room because they're talking about me in there
I look like absolute shit today and I don't even know why I'm sitting on the cam.
I should take the opportunity to sit in Jamie's hidden blue chair while she's not here, but
for whatever reason I'm lazy and I don't feel like getting up on the couch.
And I look really ugly today because I haven't really taken a shower and my hair is like
half spiked because I didn't bother to do my hair today and I look like I rolled out
I know that's right. It's really too disgusting to say on that way. That's a good bread
Anyway, dissing you you're not supposed to say that's good. I
Just I don't want to talk about ha ha jokes on you. I don't want to go there
Any why?
the rest of my week
Was really pretty boring
Tuesday and Wednesday was DDR extreme most of the afternoon because we finally picked it up on Tuesday
But we'll get we'll get into that later. We'll talk about DDR extremely
Yeah, I was so bored on Thursday, I played that damn game all day, and you know what, that's the only time I'll ever play that damn game, so it was nice while it lasted.
Extreme is disappointing. Very disappointing.
We'll get to that later.
Oh, we are?
Yeah, well, we need topics to fill three hours, so let's not blow our load all at once here, please.
You're a dick.
Anyway, and then Thursday I started feeling sick, so I didn't really want to do shit after that,
after that because Thursday I had to go run errands out in Roseville. I didn't even bother
to go by Golf Land. And then, God, what the hell. I was supposed to go out.
You were just being more exciting for them. I usually go out Thursday night and I didn't
because I was feeling sick. You know what, I did go out last night though. I went out
dancing last night. And it was kind of interesting because I was hearing all these new Bamani
songs that they were playing. Like the DJ at the club last night. Oh no, I'm Friday
night. Friday night. I meant Friday night, not last night.
My bad. Friday night I went out and the DJ there was really, really horrible. He was
mixing songs together. Not how most DJs mix songs together, how they transition one song
into another.
Oh, like I do.
Yeah, but no, it was different.
He put gravity in the background.
Yeah, no, he wasn't mixing gravity in the background either. He didn't put any thought
into it. He would just mix two records together on top of each other.
Oh, like I do.
But, like, no, what's funny is that I'm thinking about all these, like, new Bimani songs he
was playing.
He was playing a song that's going to be in DDRXBox, that shiny disco ball song, which
I know we talked about a couple weeks ago on here.
And then he was playing Sandstorm, too.
And he was, like, mixing these two songs together.
It really, really sucked.
Like it was...
Late night, disco ball.
Shiny disco ball, late night, booty call.
That's really awful.
He was obviously new.
Why don't you just let them move in the background?
You could be a DJ at a gay bar so easy.
Hey, what do you mean by that?
I just mean, you know, because you like gay music.
Hey!
I'm just kidding.
My music is pure hetero.
You're the only straight guy I know with a Madonna vinyl.
It's not a professional DJ already.
I have more than one. I have like three or four of them.
You're just making my point.
It's the, um, my girl likes to party all the time record that really scares me.
Okay, well I guess I'm guilty there.
He says he's guilty there.
Yeah, but that's not, that's not gay, that's just stupid.
That is so gay.
That's stupid.
Well, apparently you didn't answer that video.
Exactly.
And you're gay, and you're stupid, so it works.
I was hearing a ton of new Bimani songs at the club.
I heard Love at First Sight, Stomp to My Beat, you know all these ones that you hear in-
Well, they're not really Bimani songs.
They're not, but you know, it's still neat to sit there and go, oh my god, it's in DDR!
I don't know.
No.
It's not quite what it used to be.
When he plays Max Period, I'll be like, okay.
Yeah, you're right.
You're never going to hear a Konami original there, but I remember when I was first getting
into DDR, back when DDR USA was the only game there was to play, I remember going out to
the club with a couple of Bahmani friends and we heard Stomp to My Beat and it was like
yeah!
Am I the only person who heard Stomp to My Beat before it came out on DVD?
I had heard it before, too, but it got better.
We used to listen to it all the time when we played QZAR.
Yeah, I mean, they used to play it on power 105.5 here all the time, which is just a local
thing to say, but I had a radio station.
There was a radio station that used to play dance music, and it was big before DDR was
around.
It was awesome.
And too bad the damn station isn't around anymore.
It was the best station this town ever had.
No, it's power 105.5 the fish.
No, it's power 105.5 the fish.
But it used to be Car 105, and they would play all this really good dance music, and
like, I bet you anything, in fact, I'm almost positive, I am like, that I heard Do It All
Night by Erotic on that station, before I ever heard it in DDR, because when I heard
it in DDR, I was like, I know I've heard this song somewhere before.
It's possible, I mean, because they are, uh, a European, um, dance place.
Anyway, hi, I'm off on a tangent, let me come back down.
What you were saying is something about playing, when we go to the club, and now it's in DDR,
So now we already like Stomp to My Beat, now it's a DDR, and we'd be at the club and we'd
actually do the dance, like we do it where we go step, step, step, step, step, just like
it was in Stomp to My Beat.
Like doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo, left, left, left, down, anyway.
I'll shut up now.
I'm leaving.
No!
You scare me.
No!
All right.
So you did Riverdance, basically.
Riceprincess says that the first time she heard Stomp to My Beat was when she went to
go watch strippers.
I don't know if that's the first.
That's kind of weird, though, to have them play that in a strip club.
Hey.
Stomp to my be- stomp on my face.
I mean, I don't get it.
Sit on my face, she was sitting on my face.
Okay, that was really bad.
Stomp on my cock.
Stomp on my cock, he says.
No, thank you.
I guess I'm done.
I think that's it yeah oh oh Jamie's reminded me of another time we heard
stomp to my beat it was when um you remember when we like the all the
Sacramento people used to go to Roswell Golf Land every like Thursday night or
Wednesday night it was one of the two nights we used to go here once I 30 one
time we were at Brookfield's we heard stop to my beat in the kitchen and if we
had it oh my god it's DDR moment all right I'll shut up now
Brad! How was your day? How was your week?
Really?
That's pretty much it.
No, uh, fuck, nothing really. I just, I've been playing PSO. I don't know why. I just had this urge to play PSO again.
And not online, because I'm playing on Dreamcast.
And that would be Phantasy Star Online for the uninitiated.
If anybody doesn't know what PSO is, there's something wrong.
That's like saying, what's Aro? What the fuck? What's EQ? What's L-O-Z? What's that?
EQ. That's that magazine for men, right? Is it? I don't know.
You're thinking XY. Anyway. Oh, GQ. I get it. No, so I've been playing that for some reason.
I don't know. And reading Harry Potter because I'm way behind. Yes, I'm going to admit it.
I read Harry Potter, I am hooked on the Harry Potter books, I'm a little late, but hey,
they're good.
You have a weak mind, you've been sucked into the Harry Potter books.
They're actually very good books.
No, I know.
I know.
Okay, I remember when the first book came out and hardly anybody knew about the book.
Only my friend's little brother was reading it and it started to get bigger and bigger
and I was like, what is this thing?
Then he had this Harry Potter birthday party where all of his friends decorated the house
like a Hogwarts, if you know what that is.
I'm pretty sure most people know because it's in the movie.
And I was just like, what is this?
This is so stupid.
And then by the time I know it, everybody's reading it and I'm still skeptic about it
and the fourth book is out and I'm just like, whatever.
And then Jamie, thank you Jamie, she buys, Irene and I, the box set of the four books,
That fifth book hadn't come out yet, and we had watched the first movie, and I really
liked it.
We watched the second movie, and I finally got around to reading the books, and the books
are so not kids' books.
They're geared towards kids, but I think there's a lot of things in the books that kids wouldn't
even understand.
Really, some of it's pretty complicated, so good stuff.
No, there's no hardcore sex, Loki.
I'm not reading that.
Well, actually, I don't know.
I haven't gotten all the way through the fourth book yet.
I'm thinking of Harry Cooder, not Harry Potter.
Harry Cooder.
Yeah, I haven't gotten all the way through the fourth or fifth book, so I don't know. I can't say, but I'm sure there's a lot of people out there listening right now who have even read them all, so...
Whatever. No spoilers for me.
I'll just wait till the movie comes out and you can see Harry Potter having sex with Hermione while Ron sticks him up the ass.
I have searched for pictures for the new movie coming out, the third movie on Harry Potter.
What comes up on Google Images?
Harry Potter doujinshis, which are like pornographic mangas.
Maybe you spelled Harry Potter wrong.
I don't even know why people bother.
Look at what Mario and Luigi look like when they're having anal sex.
Is that all you have to say, Brad?
Yeah, pretty much.
Alright, then let's ask Bradley.
How was your day?
How was your week?
Hey!
How's it going?
On Monday through Wednesday I actually did some work for one place, but basically I had
a big stack of papers, one was in order and one was not, so I had to take one stack and
reorder it to get it ready to put with the other papers so that we could stuff it in
envelopes.
So you got paid to shuffle papers?
Yeah, shuffle papers and throw them into envelopes.
That took three days, and doing that hurts your shoulders.
And that's where they had a little bit more data entry, and then that was it for that
place.
And then Thursday, Friday, didn't do very much.
Monday my cable got cut off because I haven't paid them yet for a while, so I'm going to
dial up for a while, which sucks, sucks majorly, especially if you need to have people calling
sometime for maybe interviews or something, so I have to like keep it off during the day
when I have to like take everything. So that's kind of a bitch. Saturday went around shopping
and such. And the limited money I have. What did you buy? Oh, just some like detergent
and like dishwasher. Day-to-day necessities. I know, because everybody out there listening
I want to know what kind of detergent you use.
Cascade.
Cascade?
Wait, wait, wait.
For dishwasher detergent?
Yeah, yeah.
I have a...
This will help everybody out there who has an apartment or house and actually has to
do dishes, do not buy any name brand detergent for your fucking dishwasher.
I found out that Walmart brand Sam's Choice detergent from Walmart is better and cheaper
than any other detergents out there.
And I have used pretty much every freaking kind
of dishwasher detergent.
I used to use Electrosol, Cascade.
It would not clean anything.
Even if I cleaned the dishes before I cleaned the dishes,
it still did not clean them.
But the Walmart, the Sam's Choice detergent
fucking kicks ass.
It's cheap, too.
Wait, there's two hands grabbing from the mic.
This is the most uninteresting topic ever,
but I'm actually interested here.
So you just know this based upon experience,
or do you have the scientific data to back it up?
I found the idea from, they did a news report on why can't they basically get, this is how
boring our local news stations are.
We can't figure out, they do this will it work Wednesdays thing or whatever and they
try to see like which, they compare products to see if they really work well.
And they were saying, you know, here's the expensive brands and they did like tests.
And now I don't know if they made the fake tests or not, you know, but basically they
said their opinion was to use this specific brand, this Walmart Sam's Choice brand.
I mean, I don't know if they're faking the test or not, but I said, I'll give it a shot.
And I have had nothing but bad results with other, I always thought it was my dishwasher
that couldn't fucking wash the dishes.
But no, I go, I buy the Sam's Choice stuff, and it works better than any other kind of
detergent I've ever used.
Probably because it has toxic substances in it, but who knows?
Who cares?
Yeah, go about killing the earth.
Your dishes come out with a nice glow to them.
Yeah.
Thanks for killing the earth, Brad.
I know.
I am single-handedly destroying this planet, and I feel good about it.
Because I can eat off a clean plate, so fuck you.
Even if my turkeys grow three eyes.
Wait, turkeys, I don't know, here.
If turkeys are growing extra limbs, that just means more food for me.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Supposedly that's how KFC makes their chickens.
They have like no feathers, no beaks, huge bodies and tiny little legs.
KFC is doing something fucked up because we all ate there the other day and I swear to
God we were all like this afterwards, we were all clutching our stomachs and going, chemical
poisoning.
It's not the chemical poisoning.
You're merely reacting to the nice grease layer that's on the chicken to help ease its
digestion.
Unfortunately, a lot of our bodies aren't used to that amount of grease.
So you know the fact that the chickens are mutants that might also have a fact, a factor
for that.
But no, I think I was sick because I was like starving, I hadn't eaten anything all day
except for popcorn, a full thing of popcorn and then I had a bunch of chicken.
And then later on that night, I had a really hard parmesan twist from round table that
were sitting out on the counter for three days.
And then after that, I'm all clenching my chest, going, why am I not feeling good?
So lesson for life, kids, don't start off the day with eating a bucket of popcorn.
It's never a good way to start.
Yeah.
Were you done talking about your day and your week, Bradley?
And yeah, I didn't do all that much other than Wednesday coming over here and playing
some DDR Extreme.
That's right.
I forgot to add one thing about my week and my day, and that is that yesterday morning
I went and saw Kill Bill for the third time.
Thank you.
Shut up!
You were with me!
Screw you!
I know we missed the pyramid tryouts because we had to go see Kill Bill again, so what
can you do?
But Kill Bill was just as good the third time, and I will be going to see it at least the
a fourth time if not fifth and sixth because I'm sick.
So anyway, before we get to the break, I got over the chat room a message from Jamie.
She would like to share how her week and her day was.
So Jamie, how was your day?
How was your week?
Well, Jamie says, my week equals work.
My day equals suck.
And no Bomani, because I'm being frugal.
There you go.
Alright, if no one else has anything to say for right now, we're going to take a quick
break and we're going to come back and we're going to talk about DDR Extreme because we
all got to play it this week and we certainly have a lot to say about it, so we'll get to
that when we come back.
In the meantime, enjoy this break, we'll have some Casey and the Sunshine Band from Max2USA
the way to Shawn the Hornymaster. We'll be back.
Make a little love, get down tonight, get down tonight
Baby babe, I'll meet you at the same place, same time
Where we can all get together and ease up all my love
I take it
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Get out, get out, get out
Oh
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
I did it!
I did it!
I'll be there
I'll be there
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Howdy, folks.
We're back.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 65,
the sick episode.
Because Jamie's out sick tonight.
She would have tried to really just push herself.
And my phone's ringing.
She would have really tried to push herself
and come in tonight.
But the problem is then she would
have been even worse off at work tomorrow.
She can't really do that because she
doesn't have any vacation time left because she's using it all to go to
Alabama in November I think is when she's going so yeah she's gonna be gone
for episode 69 that makes me sad how we're gonna have an episode 69 without
Jamie I don't know but then again maybe she's maybe she planned it that way
because we can get dirty here on orange long radio we can get very very dirty
anyway welcome back and we were talking about how was your week how was your day
before we went to break and most of us kind of had boring weeks because there's
not like going on hmm there's people laughing outside I wonder what that's
about I know I hear giggling maybe people are listening into the show
except we're not funny so I don't know so I don't know what's going on there
anyway oh oh you're looking through the peephole Loki huh what do you see are
Are there naked people out there?
Damn my phone.
Oh, is Brad talking to the neighbors?
Yeah, we have some interesting neighbors because our neighbors upstairs to the left, they're
big anime fans, so they think what we do is pretty funny.
They like to make fun of Loki and his DDR pads that he's building outside.
What did they say something of...
I was commenting to them the other day, something about how Loki's building his machine, and
I commented something like, oh yeah, they asked me where are you going to put it?
And I said, oh, well, Loki's going to get rid of the TV and kind of put it in its place
because the cabinet's going to be a television, too.
And they were just, they were kind of like, oh, there's nothing like watching Loki playing
some DDR.
Okay, it had to be there, never mind.
Anyway, okay, as promised, I wanted to talk about DDR Extreme because it came out last
Thursday, but a lot of folks in America didn't really get it till this week. You were really
lucky if you got it last week, but most of us got it this week, and we've all had a chance
to play it, so I'm just kind of curious what your guys' thoughts are on the game, so let's
go around and see what people think. Brad?
What are you talking about?
Are you talking about your neighbors aren't drugs?
I'm talking about the way the chat room is.
Well, because I just talked to your neighbors out there.
Okay.
I'll tell you later.
I'll talk about it later.
Anyway.
Extreme sucks.
I didn't really care for Extreme.
The last machine I was really ever excited about was Max 2.
Extreme came out of the arcade and I thought it was really cool.
put like sakura in there and and xenon and daikonkai and miracle moon led style like
those are a few good songs but the most of the songs in the machine sucked okay now the
home version comes out and i hear you know the songs that are going to be out on it the
unlocks i heard them pretty much before like i got to yeah i heard them before i got to
play the game i got to play the game the steps on all of them pretty much suck some people
People will disagree with me saying scorching moon steps are cool, I think they're being
really non-innovative with their steps still, I mean there's only so much you can do, but
still they gave them all easy difficulties except for max period, but we can talk about
that later.
Hasn't Konami kind of been doing that with all the new songs lately, I mean people were
bitching about Max 2 USA kind of had shitty steps too.
Well that's because those steps are made in Hawaii I believe, Konami Hawaii makes those
steps.
I understand. Konami Hawaii does everything about the Xbox. This is just how I understand
it. I could be wrong. From what I picked up, Konami Hawaii only does everything really
into the Xbox game, and I mean everything. Konami Hawaii has completely developed the
Xbox and computer versions of DDR. There's kind of a debate whether Konami USA is making
those steps or Konami Japan. Some people think it's being done in the US. Some people say
it's Japan. I guess people don't really know. There's a different style. There's obviously
a different style to the steps on the American only songs that don't show up in other Japanese
games. I can tell there's some sort of difference to them, so I'm thinking they're done by somebody
else. But still the thing is, sorry, I'm getting sidetracked by some of the stuff that's being
talked about.
Then don't look at the chat room, look at it when you're done talking.
Well, there's important stuff I want to talk about that they keep talking about.
Alright.
Anyway, the steps for these new unlocked songs were kind of ass. I love Scorching Moon. I pretty much like all of the unlocked songs on Xtreme except for Max Period, which leaves three songs.
I'm going to do Twask or King Moon and Stupid Barber.
Those were all good songs, and it was pretty much up to how the steps felt, and the steps didn't feel right.
Max Period was an extreme disappointment. In my opinion, it seems like they hired Bomani Ruler to make a step file for Max Period.
And they didn't. Don't start that rumor. That rumor is already going around.
I know, but you look at it, and it's just like, okay, let's speed up the fucking BPM to 800 BPM or whatever it is at the very end.
Wow, that's fun. I think they've totally jumped the shark.
No, here's what they did. They don't really know what we want.
That's why DDRXtreme was, what songs do you want? Notice all the songs that they picked, a lot of them, were sim files beforehand.
So, think about it. If I'm going to find out what people want as a sim file, or not a sim file, but a steps for Max and what I want the song, I'm going to go listen to all the sim files and mix songs. Notice-
Wait, wait. You're talking about Max 2 USA, not Xtreme, right? Because you're talking about like Heaven had like 50 sim files for it and then-
No, no, no, no, no. I'm talking about Xtreme. We're talking Xtreme here.
Okay.
Because look, Colors, A, V, those all have step charts, okay? Now look at Max Period.
It's basically, I could basically make that stupid song, okay? That song, it wasn't remixed
at all very much. And the step charts to it, it's a bunch of jumping. It's just, it was
fucking retarded. So, how are most of the max step charts in songs? They suck. So, I
guess they think that we like this kind of step charts, so that's what they gave us.
I really like the steps for max 300. I think those were really good for the song. Max Unlimited,
pretty good. Lots of jumps, but still pretty good. And then it just started going downhill.
Legend of the Max, alright, but just, I don't know, I think it should have ended there.
Just with max 300 and max unlimited, and the steps just start, you know, I guess there's
There's only so much they can do with the steps and before they run out of ideas.
It's interesting that you guys keep saying, there's only so much they can do, there's
only so much they can do, because I think they're done.
Because DDR Extreme has a credits mode on it, and in this credits mode it's very epilogue-ish
in the way it's presented.
It kind of goes through the history of DDR, like it shows, DDR first mix was then, and
DDR second mix was then, and shows little screenshots and stuff, and then they're pretty
much giving you the impression that that's it, we're done, no more DDR.
Although I don't think that's the case, I think DDR is going to come back, but it's
going to be a different, it's going to be different, like how BeatMania 2DX is different
than BeatMania.
And to further reinforce that, they have, in each mix that's released, there's a master
song list that includes all the songs that they're working on for other mixes that have
not been released yet, and DDR Extreme has the same track list as DDR Max USA 2, which
uh... pretty much it's just uh...
all that's left
on that song list is just the uh...
ultra mix and that's it
but obviously we know the european... I mean they're still developing for european
market
you know and they're also developing for our market so
I mean I'm sure you'll see more stuff it's just we'll only be in the U.S.
and we'll see once the stupid party collection comes out
There might be some more stuff on there, you never know.
Yeah, that's true, because there's still the party edition coming out.
Party collection, and you never know, it might be like preview for something.
Although, I seem to think that party, it's kind of weird that party collection is kind of
coming out after DDR has kind of already had its epilogue here.
So I don't know what
DDR party collection is going to be. I'm hoping that maybe there'll be some kind of hint
I wouldn't read too much into that Cred screen, because they're just talking about what came
out so far, it's kind of like a thank you to them.
I don't know about you guys, did you guys see the credits sequence at all, or did you
guys kind of, even from max period, even just the max period, thank you for playing the
way it, you know, it claps at the end and it's like a finale type thing, more of like
an encore kind of song.
I just kind of got the feeling there.
Then again, that song sucked.
Yeah, it did suck, I'll give you that, but, you know, it was probably rushed.
The whole thing is it comes back down to, like, you know, what they put on the stupid
header for Extreme. We're starting over. You don't start over if you're going to end it
right there. I mean, that's kind of retarded right there. I mean, obviously, they're going
to do something with it. They didn't say, this is the last one. This is, you know, it
ends here, you know, the final revolution or something like that, you know. They would
definitely advertise it like that if it was the last one. I don't think they're just going
to be like, hey, whatever. I mean, there's still plenty of stuff that they haven't even
tried yet. They haven't tried like doing songs with unlocks that have to do with the e-mall
cards and stuff like that and I'm sure there's a new machine coming. It's just a new type
of machine that they're still developing that's probably a little ways away. Here's what's
going to be interesting is that I'm very confident that we're going to see DDR Extreme in the
US, a home version of DDR Extreme. I'm very confident that we're going to have that. It's
It's going to be interesting to see if the U.S. kind of treats it as a last mix or what
they're going to do because as far as I can tell, DDR in the U.S. is still mega popular.
I mean, I was listening to Understation Live on Friday night, the radio show that I started
on that's still on Live 365, if you want to catch it, I was listening to Understation
Live and the host there works for one of those discount stores, one of those big discount
stores, and they're getting like huge shipment of dance pads in now, which shows like, well,
maybe it's that, oh, the dance pads aren't selling, so they're having to be relegated
discount stores, but that more shows to me that DDR is everywhere. You know what I mean?
It's still growing in the US from what I see.
Just like always in Japanese games that are produced, directed, and created in Japan,
we always get them whatever the latest thing is in Japan. We get them either a few months
just a year or years behind them. Even though there were American machines three years ago
with the 1.5, it didn't still take off nearly as much as it's going to start with these
home versions. A lot of people out there see it as, oh, this is a good way to get exercise,
but they don't want to go up and make a fool of themselves on the American machines out
there in the arcades or some of the import machines. Now they're like, okay, I can buy
it and play it in my own home. So it's starting to get popular, people are starting to see
it. I think there is still a market for DDR in America, but I don't see there being much
more of a market for music games in general. In the next two years, I think we're going
to find out where music games are going, ending, or whether or not it's going to go much longer.
Because a lot of other companies are doing, Namco has a line of music games, they've got
Taiko no Tatsujin. There's a lot of other companies out there that are doing it.
Enix has been doing the Bust A Move series, even though that's pretty much done with.
Music games are going to die out very soon, so it's not surprising that the latest versions
of DDR are kind of just sucking. I think they're going to start, you can tell by where their
money is going with games. The big, big titles that come on me are putting out like this
new castlevania obviously there
taking their money away from their money
series and they're putting it towards something else the people are going to
might last longer
uh... i think i think you're wrong on one thing i don't think the music games
are dying i think they're just uh...
they're changing
as the systems get bigger and better i think these games are changing to i
think that's what we have like this new line of games can we have the karaoke
revolution
they say karaoke is going to be the next big music game
Because you've got American Idol, the game as well, which isn't really karaoke, it's more crap, but whatever.
The thing I was thinking of, though, is look at DDR itself as like an arcade machine.
It's running on hardware that's a good ten years old, you know?
That's true, it's running on...
Well, I don't know about ten years old, but it's 98, right?
Yeah, 98. It's like a good six years old right now.
It's due for an update. I mean, it's so old right now, they can't do anything else with this,
So they can't release another game on there because it will just be inferior.
They can't possibly do it.
That's why they're coming up with a new hardware system for it.
It makes sense that they're shifting their money away from it right now and they're kind
of hurrying through some of these things because maybe they're just trying new stuff right
now with the hardware.
They're trying to squeeze a few more mixes out of the hardware before they'd have to
create something brand new and now they're just like, well, we've done all we can with
What I would love to see to make DDR more interactive. Love to see them bring out another like a sub stream type mix.
But have a little more interactive. Where you got a newer version of BeatMania 2DX and a newer version of...
Or just whatever BeatMania mission they want to link to it. I would hope it would be 2DX.
With a DDR, a newer version of that. And let's say, you know, you play that...
Somebody is playing the 2DX, you don't HAVE to have them linked. But if you want to have them linked.
One person on T.D.X. will be playing the song, like DJing, so you've got a more interaction.
You've got a person who's DJing and a person who's dancing.
Then, depending on how good the person playing T.D.X., DJing, quote unquote, is doing, it makes the actual steps in the DDR version kind of different.
You know, the DDR side of the machine, it makes the steps a little different.
Like, they're playing really good, the song sounds good, the steps start to get a little harder.
You know, you see what I'm saying?
Or things like, I've heard Loki talk about this before, I think he said something like
Pump It Up has a thing where if you hit a certain step, it changes the way the steps
turn out in the end of the song.
So if you miss a certain step, it goes ahead and makes the song a little easier near the
end.
Whereas if you start doing really good, and you keep doing better and better, and you're
hitting all the steps, the song kind of morphs and it upgrades.
It becomes a harder song with a different type of ending.
These are good ideas.
I think they should go ahead and look into if they want to keep their DDR series alive,
because that, I believe, is going to be dying soon. Of course, Karaoke Revolution is going
to be a big thing. It's coming out. That is their new music game that's going to probably
be going on for a little while, but DDR just seems like it's dying.
Here's the problem with the 2DX DDR idea, I think, or whatever, you know, the Substream
2003 or whatever you're proposing. One arcade in the whole nation would have it, and that's
Not if they put in the effort to produce many of them and really advertise it and be innovative with them.
It would be so expensive. It would be so expensive. I don't think any...
The interesting thing about DDR is as expensive as it is, you can still find it at your local bowling game.
Well, okay, I'm not thinking in the interest of us Americans. I'm thinking of in the Japanese market.
is that I'm not going to be one of those people who sits and complains, why don't we get these
cool Japanese games in America? Because they're not made for us in America. The American companies
will want to bring them over when they think we're ready for them or if there is a market.
They're made in Japan for the Japanese market. Now, on top of that, I'm thinking for their
interest, they have a lot of TDR machines and a lot of GX machines in Japan. They could
just have a hardware upgrade, including a network adapter, that could link these machines.
Making new machines, of course, would be a hell of expensive, but the hardware upgrade
from 8th style to 9th style 2DX was a pretty big upgrade. It's all hard drive, it's all
a computer now, running an OS of, I believe, Windows XP. So they obviously can do it, and
They could keep it somehow a good economic decision.
I think it can be done.
I heard a few years ago the rumor was that Konami has been getting some bad flak or some
bad results with their music series because of all the other companies bringing out other
music games.
If you have to admit, after Max 2 came out, I think all the rest of their music games
have just been like, ugh.
It may just be me, but nobody I know except the hardcore players are interested in Guitar
Freaks and Drum Mania anymore, yet the mixes keep coming out.
That's right.
And pop music keeps coming up.
Guitar Freaks has just gotten so stagnant since 5th.
When Keyboard Mania left, honestly, and it probably has nothing to do with the fact Keyboard
I love the game, but you have to look past the fact that you love the game and the idea
of the game and look at the quality of the music on it.
The quality of the music has gone down since 5th Mix. There were a lot of songs on there that I would play constantly. I pretty much always had something fresh to play. But when I go and I try to play Guitar Freak's 8th Mix I think we have, there's probably like 5 songs I'll play.
There are some good old songs that came, but I think I played them to death, and then as
far as the new songs is concerned, it's just like there's not very many good new songs.
I was just in Milpitas Golf Land not too long ago, I was there for Chub's Birthday Party
a couple weeks ago, and they have Guitar Freaks, it's either 9 or 10, I don't know what it
was, but I walked by it at one point and it was completely empty, and I had no interest
in putting the dollar in and playing, even though I'd never even played it yet.
Yeah, I haven't played it, so I think I tried it out, but still.
I played the Guitar Freaks 10 I think, or 9, it was, yeah, it was 9.
I don't even know if it's 9 or 10.
10 just came out I think.
It's 10 just coming out, so it's Guitar Freaks 9. I played that at Phantom of Khan once, and I was just like, eh. After that, didn't even care.
Played it like maybe one or two times, and I was done. It's just like the new home versions. I play them for a day and I'm done with them.
them. I wasted $50 on Max 2 or whatever. Max 2 was alright. It was kind of fun. I might
pick it up later on. But Max 2 is a Japanese one. I played it for a day. Unlocked all three
new songs, which was like whoop-a-dee-doo, and then I was done. I was done playing the
game. I just didn't care no more, because I played the rest of these songs to death
in the arcade?
I will always like Drummania because I personally love playing.
The percussion is just fun.
Playing drums is fun.
And Drummania will always be fun even if the quality of the songs starts to go down.
It's still fun to play.
But we are, in our local area, getting any new Drummania.
And even when we have Drummania, it's broken a lot constantly.
I can't speak for it.
If I go down to M. Milpitas and get to play their Drummania 8th mix, then maybe I'll like
it.
I can't really speak for it right now.
I hate to put you on the spot, Bradley, but I'm curious because I know you're a big fan
of Guitar Freaks because you're always asking me to play the music from it.
What do you think about this whole conversation?
Eh, well, I haven't played 9th because I haven't been to Milpitas in like six months.
I still like it.
I haven't really heard the music from 9th because I've maybe listened to it once and
I haven't listened to it since, so I can't really say anything about the quality, but
I still enjoy it.
That's all I can say at the moment.
I have to say I am looking forward to Marmalade, Poparita Marmalade on, I think, its second
to every extent.
Yeah, if they're not doing any more DDR you would think all the artists that do the originals
DDR will now you know go to some other games and make some good originals for
that. I don't know of course I don't know what fucking game Soda could do so well
I guess he'll go to 2DX or something even although you know it's
debatable if 2DX has much life in it left as well so who knows who knows
where all that's going okay it's hard to make a prediction we'll just have to see
was there anything you saw in the chat room you want to comment on I know you
We saw some stuff earlier that made you go on.
It's a completely different topic.
It'd be kind of weird to change topics.
That's all right.
But I want to say something real quick in case your neighbors are listening now.
Are they really?
Well, your neighbors walked by and they were saying, so, do you still do the show?
And I said, yes.
And they asked, what is it called and how did they get to it?
And so I basically just said, Live 365, search for Orange Lounge and check it out because
the page isn't updated really yet.
It needs to be updated, the web page.
It does need an update.
He's funny though.
He could listen to it.
He's got broadband, so he could listen to it, and then he could respond to something
you say in the chat room, and then come running downstairs, knock on your door, and go, hey,
did you get that?
Yeah.
He could, theoretically, with the buffer, one of them could run downstairs, yell something
in the microphone, then run upstairs and hear themselves.
Oh, exactly.
Exactly.
With the buffer, they could hear themselves say it.
Because I think we've, I've done that in one way or another.
I don't remember what it was, but I remember yelling something in it and then going off
to hear it somewhere else.
I think it was when we were doing a remote broadcast for one of the tournaments, or something.
That's great.
Well, come say hello if you're listening.
Yeah, if neighbors are listening, hi neighbors, sorry I forget your name.
That's my test.
I want to see if they're listening.
Come downstairs and say something.
I'm afraid they would have turned it off a long time ago.
They probably got bored.
This is so boring.
A guitar freak's chat probably put him to sleep.
All right, well let's wake everybody up with some, oh no, you wanted to respond to some
comments in the chat room.
You want to take a topic shift.
you want it, why don't we go to break and then we'll come back and you can do the other
topic and then we'll do the cage match, because we need to get to tonight's cage match as
well. Okay, we'll do that. We are...oh, you see that in the chatroom right now? Oh, hey,
hello. There you go. I was wondering who the new people in the chatroom were. There you
you go. You never know who the new people are. Okay, we'll be back after this break.
We're going to play Jamie's. She's out tonight because she's sick, but she wanted to hear
some Liar Liar from Guitar Freaks 4 with all that talk about Guitar Freaks. So here it
is. Enjoy.
I can't watch the shots each time they move right by you, so they don't show
Baby do you want the juice, baby do you want it
Yeah, drop your bar, drop out the bar Yeah, drop your bar
Yeah, drop your bar
Yes, you can try to find the right system
Now, there is a time when the streets are black and long
Where there's words that you can't understand
I'll just teach you today
So there you are, I'm a pastor
The mind can't be more than this
It's close to starting on what it takes
To deserve it's all we need
Today, what we gotta do is build momentum
If we hit it right, so it's the best
And cry the way it's not counting the rhythm
The marks that you took, we gotta get with it
You made it seven, you're all mine
Are you ready to do it now?
You got the tango, so it's never ready
To take that fall
You ain't no cold wind from the fall
Yeah, yeah, drop your bar, drop your bar, let me see that bar
Yeah, yeah, there's still more rhythm, if you do the right tools and methods
Ride the waves and come to the rhythm, the march to the rhythm, then just win it
The pain is searing, almighty, but we can do it now, you must find your power
Yeah, no race to take that for, and it's up to you to hit that door
Oh
Orange Lounge Radio. We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
Hello and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
You know what? That's funny because during the break the neighbors came downstairs.
So they weren't listening. What do you know?
So, um, we have to, uh, refrain from talking about how much Folsom sucks right now. No, I'm just kidding.
Yeah, let's keep the language down to a minimum.
We don't want people getting bad opinions of the people living next door.
Alright. No, I'm kidding. I don't care.
They already know we're crazy. They see the construction work out on the patio and they know we're not well, so...
So, anyway, um, you wanted to talk about something else, right? You had a new topic, and then we're gonna get into this nice cage match.
Okay, I'm not going to be talking about condoning any kind of illegal activity, except I'm just going to say there's some skepticism about mod chips for next generation systems.
I'm speaking specifically of Xbox, Xbox, PlayStation 2, and GameCube.
I don't know anything about Xbox.
I don't care to.
I don't like Xbox.
I'm not going to talk on that.
GameCube, there's no current way to copy games, so there is no reason...
Although, Matt thinks he heard something today.
Matt, what's up, Matt?
I read something today. I downloaded this off of Supernova.org, your wonderful BitTorrent site.
Anyways, it is...
And let me pull this up right here.
Okay, it's a GameCube pack, is what I got.
It's a bunch of different files.
One of the files on there is called, it's PSUL 1.1. It's the GameCube code uploader which is basically, it runs ROM images off your PC on your GameCube.
What kind of ROM images? Does it need systems?
My M0GX, you know.
Oh, GameCube ROM images?
There's also a file in here where you can rip ROM straight from your GameCube using your network adapter.
So basically the way it works is you have to have a copy of Phantasy Star Online, a broadband adapter, a PC to GameCube cable basically, just a network cable from your Ethernet card of course.
So basically you're just making a network connection from your GameCube to your PC and you just, and you run, you have to set up your computer on a certain IP, it's set to a certain IP so it can communicate with it.
And you set up your IP and your Phantasy Star Online thing and you basically make a connection with Phantasy Star Online and you run the program and away you go.
Oh my God.
And there's no modding at all, you don't need to do any modding.
Oh my God, Nintendo we love you.
This has not been tested yet for us on our side, but they say it worked on there.
This just means we're this much closer to finally figuring out a way to back up your games for GameCube.
Well, they actually have a program that supposedly does that, too. It's not really been tased.
Well, I've heard, because I have a cousin who's going to remain nameless, who apparently is on the top always with all the backing up of games for L systems.
and he told me a couple months ago that apparently there was no way to do it yet for GameCube,
but hey, in a couple months they may have found something out, so I don't know.
It's just really funny because I love watching how companies come out and say their system
is so secure, is full-brew, and those are the companies that are the easiest to crack.
Well, Nintendo's never really had a really good way to block piracy.
Supposedly all...
I mean...
You know what's also weird?
I don't know if the GameCube is backwards compatible, but supposedly I read on one of the posts that Nintendo 64 ROM images work on there, too.
It's possible.
What are you talking about? Nintendo's always had one of the best ways to block piracy. They have cartridges. You can't copy a cartridge very easily.
Actually, you can, but it's not easy. It's not as easy as putting in a PlayStation disc, click copy, done.
Here's the thing, though.
And having a lot of PSX.
It's easy in ways, but not as easy in other ways.
For the N64, my cousin had this thing called the V-Doctor.
It was a pretty pricey drive.
You stuck a CD-ROM drive underneath the N64, and it hooked up to it through this little
serial cable thing that was on the N64.
You hooked that into your hard drive, and what you would do, or to your computer, or
what you could do, the reason why it had a CD-ROM drive is because you could either burn
an image, a CD full of ROM images from N64 games, and then put it in this little V doctor
thing, this drive, and it would play the games on your N64. You just had to have this other
little cartridge, it was like a blank RAM cartridge that you would plug into your N64.
So, I mean, he had every freaking American and Japanese N64 game out, and even stuff
that hadn't come out yet, when, you know, when I went over to his place, I was like,
wow, how'd you do this? I mean, he was, he was doing it, he was pirating it. And even
In Super Nintendo, there were ROM images and emulation, and it was an arcade memory card
reader for a Nintendo 64. It's sold for, I believe, 99 cents.
NFL Blitz, I think, is the game that uses it, because Roswell Golf Land has one. I've
seen the Nintendo 64 memory card thing. Nobody uses that. Anyhow, my point was how it's easier
in some ways is because you didn't have to mod any of the Nintendo systems. Whereas,
like with Sonys, you have to get inside, void your warranty, solder here, solder there with
this little chip you buy, and then possibly mess up your system, which I have done once
out of like the 30 PlayStation systems that I've modded.
If I remember correctly, I think the Xbox, you don't actually have to...
Supposedly, yeah.
There's a software mod I think for that.
There's some software.
Which is not surprising because you look at all the flaws in Microsoft software, so hey.
Okay, well you want to get back on the original topic.
You want to talk about next-gen modding, which you have advised me against in the past.
In the past.
In the past.
And I've always said, every time I brought this up in the past, like when PS2 first came
This is the current subject now, PS2.
In the past I said, it's not worth your time to buy a mod
chip for PS2.
And that, when I said in the past, I mean when it came out.
Because they would come out with new games that would have
mod detection, that would have mod chip detection, that would
basically lock out the game so you couldn't play it.
Or specifically, mostly that's going on for a lot of the
online titles, which there isn't really
many for PS2, anyway.
Not right now.
You know, there were ways of
Final Fantasy XI just around the corner.
Exactly.
There were ways that they could combat it.
My cousin bought a year ago a mod chip for his PS2.
And it's not as like newly fandangled and great
as the newer ones out.
But it has not given him a problem since.
He's been able to back up every game that's come out since
and play it fine.
That's a year ago.
So Sony has not been, you know, and what I always
had said was that, you know, wait till PS2 starts to die out.
I mean, they're still making games for it,
but it's not too far off that we're going to hear of the PS3 or whatever the new system's
going to be. And Loki says already is. I haven't been keeping up. But my point is that...
I say once it hits $99, which is pretty soon, that's when everybody had a modded PlayStation.
Exactly. That's when everybody's going to have a modded PlayStation 2. Except me, I
have no reason for one. I honestly have no reason to get my PlayStation 2.
Here's my point, though. There's a newer mod chip called the DMS3. I think you can go to
It will bring it up.
This mod chip, it's just as difficult to mod your Playstation 2 as it is with any of the
other PS2 mod chips, but this one has flash memory on it, and it has two BIOS flashes
on it, and you can get updates, which you burn onto CDs from their site, that flash
it to the newest BIOS.
So say it, a new game comes out, and it detects the mod chip.
You go to their newest site, they are on top of it, you download their little BIOS flash,
burn it in a CD, put it in your PS2, there you go, you can play the game now. Also, because
of that, there's all these other new features on the DMS3 where you can, when you're loading
your PS2, you hold a button down, it sets it to turn off mod chip. So if you wanna play
online games, like say you actually bought a real copy of Final Fantasy 11, and it's
locking you out of their online server because you have a mod chip, you hold the button down,
disables your mod chip, now you can play online. This new DMS3 mod chip is the one to get,
I'm telling you, it's time you can mod your freaking PS2s.
I don't want people going out there saying that it's worthless, because it is, you can
do it now.
I mean, I don't, I mean, it's just, like I always say at the beginning.
There may not be a reason to do it.
For some people, there's no reason.
For me, there's no reason.
There is nothing left I want to play on PS2.
Nothing.
Well, for me, I think all that I have is Japanese.
Everything I want to play is Japanese, anyway.
And with, now technically with a mod chip, I can play the Japanese games, but there's
just not that many.
Okay, your point is taken, you know, but there's some of us untrustworthy people out there who want to play our other games, you know, and pictures of our games.
You tell me how to mod my GameCube, I'm on it, because I play my GameCube more than anything else.
I don't think you're ever going to need to mod your GameCube, eventually there's going to be a way around it, like Loki just said, so.
Exactly.
There's always going to be a way around it.
this is what they all say when ps3 comes out to be online. You're gonna download your games
online everything's gonna be online. You're not gonna be able to mod this shit anymore.
Never gonna happen. Why say that, lovey? Cause people like to go out to a store and go buy
stuff and take it home. It's a satisfaction having the case in your hand, the instruction
mails and shit. Yeah, you might be able to buy stuff online. That's why online video
like, you know, rental services and stuff, or online streaming video hasn't taken off
in the first place because no one cares because people are, you know, stuck in the past and
they don't want to go, you know, do all this brand new downloading shit. Now that, it'll
be a good, you know, supplement to games but it's never going to replace games. Well, what
about like something like iTunes which is, you know, the way you can download music online
and it's, you know, they've sold what, 10 million songs today. It's the most successful
online one. True, it's not nearly as big as going into the store and buying things but
For those people that prefer to buy their things online, they have a pretty viable option, and it's somewhat successful.
For people who were talking, I think Baka is saying, was it DMS3 or DMX? It's DMS3, but at DMS3.com, you can find out about it.
Yeah, but the thing is, though, is I don't like not buy a game because I only like a portion of the game.
See, now with CDs, I may only like one song, so I'm only going to buy that one song, and if the only way I can buy that song is online,
then yeah, I'm going to go ahead and do that, because there might not be a single for that.
In my case, I don't buy music because it's too damn expensive and the artists mostly suck.
If I want to discover new music, I'm going to go about it the illegal way and download it for free.
Or, I'm going to go listen to those independent artists that don't get any coverage,
and those normally end up being better than the most mainstream artists anyways.
So why should I spend money and pay for your product when it stinks? When it's lower quality
than something I can get for free? Why should I pay for something that's not top quality
when I can get top quality for free? That's what I want to know. And until you find a
viable way to actually physically stop all piracy on the internet, which as much as the
The RIA and MPAA want to try, they're never ever going to get close enough to stop it.
They're really wasting too much money on that, but anyways, there's no reason for me to buy
it.
Just like iTunes, I'm not interested in it at all, because you know what?
I can get it for free, so why am I going to pay a dollar a song?
Sure, you know, for people that want to go ahead and do the legal route, that's cool,
but I just don't really feel like it.
Some people are afraid of the marketing monsters.
Well, yeah.
Oh, the big bad RIA is going to track us down.
He goes, eh, whatever.
You know, I don't listen to a lot of music
in the first place.
Most of the music I listen to is just
the Bimani stuff and homemade remixes.
I don't listen to a lot of mainstream stuff.
I was hoping to save the iTunes topic for Vanilla Sky
Tomorrow Night, but whatever.
That's fine.
On top of mainstream stuff, real quick.
OK.
Never mind.
You might want to talk about this later.
I just want to say real quick, I used iTunes this week.
I downloaded it because it's new for Windows.
And I bought two songs off it, just because I want to try it,
see if it was good.
And I'll tell you what.
If iTunes had come out right after Napster went down,
there would not be the piracy on the internet, to the extent
of which it is right now.
There would still be people like Loki who would still
have their ways of pirating things, IRC, da, da, da, da.
It would not be as big as it was now.
People would be using iTunes because it's really well done.
And I just want to say the reason why I've used iTunes
reason why I've downloaded and paid for songs on iTunes is A. To some extent I believe in
supporting the artist for a song I really really like and the songs I downloaded I really
really like and B. Because when I try to find these songs on file share I get shit copies
every time I get lousy volume I get just cut things and you know what it is just worth
the god damn dollar to just get a perfect quality song the first time. The end. That's
I'm sorry, what I was going to say is that people who will probably go, oh no, piracy would be where it is now, even if they did do it. It may have gotten to the point eventually, but not as quickly, because I believe that once you put an obstacle in the way of somebody, and they want to overcome it, they will.
they will, and they'll find a way to overcome it. You put trials in front of somebody who
wants to pass these, to get over these obstacles, it's just going to make them want to get there
faster. They're going to find their way over it. So, I think that's a good point. I mean,
if they had put it up, they wouldn't be having as much problems right now with what they've
been doing. But they did. End of story. RIA did not act
fast enough, which is why the MPAA is trying so hard right now with the movies thing. They're
trying to get all these movie services up and going, and although Loki's right, there's
not that many people that really want to watch movies online. They're trying.
Movies is a thing that will never, ever be done like that. I mean, until every freaking
house gets their own movie theater, because people want to go see stuff on the big screen
with nice theater systems, but games, home console games, it's a possibility that we
could go completely online and have to download everything, because you're not changing the
experience, except for the people who want to go...
You are changing experience, because now not only do I have to go buy a game system that's
fucking expensive when it comes out because they have all these new features, now I have
to buy a membership online, now I have to buy cable internet, where I might not have
it, you know, because it's not going to work on dial-up. Oh, but if I do have dial-up,
it's going to take four goddamn years to download the goddamn game, and what if there's a disconnection
on, you know, what if my cable goes out or something? There goes my game, I don't have
game store to my hard drive because that crashes, too. It's just too much stuff. You're going
to have a game. How are they going to rent product then out at the stores? The rental
businesses for games are going to go out because it's all online supposedly, but the MPAA would
not care. They would love to see that happen. The MPAA would care because people like to
rent movies. They don't like to buy movies, okay? Because renting a movie costs $5. You
see it once, you're done. Instead of investing that money and watching that movie and having
it at home, like I have tons of movies I buy and don't watch, it's just stupid. But if
they could be in control of the movie renting and not Blockbuster, that's capitalism.
See, like I said, the movie renting and movie business will not change completely. It won't
go completely online. Regardless of whether people want to buy or rent or whatever, people
still want to see movies on the big screen, and if they want to rent them, they'll go
to the movie rental places and rent them. Those won't go out of business. Maybe renting
video games will go, but the fact is that they're obviously not going to implement or
try to implement something like that until every Internet connection in America is broadband,
until it's standard to get broadband and extremely cost efficient.
The only way it will ever be like that is when broadband becomes as common as electricity.
That's the only way.
Which is something that they've talked about in the last five years ago.
There was a thing called, I can't remember, I used to have the website for it, but they
were basically saying that they could get speeds of fiber optic speed, how fast fiber
optic networks go, that kind of speed from your electrical outlet.
They could do this thing where they could make the, they take the digital signal from
wherever the server is, they convert it to analog, and they put it in I think a really,
really low frequency, just kind of like how DSL is, and they run it through the power
lines, and it goes at like fiber optic speeds, and they just have to install these, they
have to build these up, these like switching boxes in cities, in certain areas, because
there's only so much, there's a signal degradation that happens, you know. And so, that was like
five years ago, and they said they were still working on it, and they want it, but basically
that kind of idea makes you wonder, you know, in the near future, in like the next ten years,
We could see where you plug in your appliance, your computer, to the wall, and it's got Internet
connection instantly.
They talk about fridges with Internet connection and all this crazy stuff.
They talk about that on the same page.
They said something about how, like, what if your toaster was plugged in?
I don't want my toaster being plugged in, Internet, obviously.
I don't want fricking, like, advertisements burning onto my toast.
My toaster comes up and it's got an Apple logo on it.
I can see it writing in your journal, today kind of sucked.
A hacker broke into my toaster today and started burning my bread.
Exactly. See, I don't want that kind of thing.
All right. I just want to bring up a point from the camera real fast.
My blender wouldn't stop.
John Fields makes a pretty good point. He says,
All I have to say, if the MPAA had control of renting, unfair monopoly that the government would thus force Blockbuster to take over again.
So he's suggesting that the MPAA did have control of all of this stuff, the unfair monopoly, like what Microsoft's being subjected to right now.
Good point. There's not much I can respond to that. Good point.
Oh, well.
It's fun to just say, you know, who knows.
Speaking from the perspective of talking to the store owners all the time, they are not
smart enough to do this all online and they will fight this to the death.
You have to understand, most of the people that you talk to out there, I mean, because
we have our exposure with our friends who are all connected to here and all wired individuals,
but your average Joe doesn't know jack about computers, won't touch it because they act
like it's the devil.
My father.
other.
Here's proof.
the 80s and late 70s when arcade games were coming out. People who played arcade games
were usually a lot older. Video game consoles started coming out and with the newer generations
kids started playing at younger ages. My friend's brother could beat Chrono Trigger and get every
freaking ending at the age of five, next generation comes along, they all are online at age three.
I have a friend whose son used to play games online at age three, and I'm not shitting
you. Pretty soon, everybody is going to be born with a freaking mouse in their hand.
I mean, it's just the way it is.
I just want to make a quick plug. On Vanilla Sky tomorrow night, we're going to bring up
an article where they talk about these young kids, and they're going to make these young
kids play games that we played when we were young kids. Just wait to hear what they have
to say. You are going to feel so old tomorrow night. 7 o'clock, vanilla Skype.
I love that idea. I don't understand. The characters don't talk to you, like vocally.
So which block am I? Ew, what is this little blocky thing? Why is that ostrich attacking
There will always be a way.
who are out there saying, no, it's worthless.
No, there will always be a way to remember that.
OK, if you'd like to comment on any of that,
head on over to our chat room, www.calibomani.com,
click on Orange Lounge, and click on Chat.
And join in our chat room.
And by the way, being in our chat room
is the only way that you can participate in tonight's
one and only cage match.
Yes, the Orange Lounge cage match
is where we're going to play three songs back to back,
One picked by me, one picked by DarkSapra, even though she's not here, she submitted her vote online to me.
And one picked by Loki.
And you can vote for one of those three songs.
The winner goes into musical rotation all week long here on Orange Lounge Radio.
So you, the chatroom, have the power to decide which song will be played all week.
We start off with last week's winner, which is a song brought to us by Loki.
And since it was last week's winner, we're only going to hear a clip of it.
The song is P8107, and it's a remix of Paranoia by...
Ono Ken. Thank you, Ono Ken.
So here it is. This is a clip because it was last week's winner. You only get to hear a little bit of it.
Song number one tonight, last week's winner, P8107.
here we go
Oh
Alright, that's song number one for tonight.
It's P8107 by OnoKen.
Song number two tonight is my pick, and you get to hear the whole thing because it's a
new song.
I was on the internet not too long ago just downloading a bunch of remixes by Above & Beyond
because I fucking love them, they're great.
And so I wanted to get as many remixes by them as I could, and this is one of the ones
I got.
This is an artist called Ministry of Sound, and the song is Far From In Love, and it's
the Above & Beyond mix.
Enjoy.
number two tonight that you can vote for in the cage match.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can see behind your eyes, but you're afraid of who you are.
All these silence now between us, I'm amazed.
From this far, far from enough
Far from enough
Like a fire burning in its animal
This is where it ends
In the ashes we are dying
I'm a stranger, only friends
I'm running out
I'm running out
I'm running out
You know I won't know how to be in smoke
I'm running out
I'm running out
I'm running out
From all the love I've had with you
Now I've missed your touch
I've been living everywhere now just looking back
And if you try
I'm trying to show the love that was built up this year
Yeah, she's so great
Alright, that was, I'm being corrected on the artist, sorry guys.
Was actually above and beyond themselves doing that song even better in my opinion far from and love is the song and if you're curious
About that edit it is from the CD trans nation 2003 which isn't in port by the way
Let's go around the room and see what people thought of that star off with Loki
It's pretty cool. I liked it
This is about Beyond
So, I can't go wrong now.
p0k3smot42o i wasnt listening to it
I don't know if I can beat many SGX files on this simulator, so sorry I didn't hear it.
You didn't hear any of it at all? You were standing right there!
Is this Loki's pick, or whose? Yours? I'm gonna give it a 1.
Gonna help.
Alright, that was song number 2 above and beyond, far from 11.
Here is... what? We're doing what again?
Oh, I thought the show was fucking up all right song number three is Jamie's pick
She sends this along even though she can't be here
She wants you all to hear it and hope that it'll win tonight's cage match here. It is I
Listen to this song before the show a little bit. It's pretty good. It's an a vex song you guys know a vex 2dx
Licenses a lot of tracks from them
Getting mic switch on me
Okay, the song is called Ways of Love and the artist is CyberX featuring Jodie
Watley and it's from an album called CyberX so give this a try. If you like
Avex tracks you just might like this. This is Jamie's pick tonight, CyberX
featuring Jody Watley with Waves.
And we carried on that way
Through the power of emotion
If you're running once again
See a hundred million lights
Shining on you from above now
Carrying your heart tonight
I will see you again
Feeling waves of love
Messages we send
Feel the waves of love
There's a new horizon
With the rising sun
We can reach the heavens
On the waves of love
The waves of love
No one is but you
No one is around
We're beyond the X-Men scene There's a phase of knowing tomorrow
And the way ahead is clear With your flight and this control
You can open up your feelings
And bear your heart and soul
I will see you again
Feel the waves of love
Rest the tears we shed
Feel the waves of love
There's a new horizon
This projection
We can reach the heavens
On the waves of love
The waves of love
I can feel your hands
Feel the waves of love
Message every step
Feel the waves of love
There's a new horizon
When the light is on, we can reach the heavens on the waves of love.
dukeofthebump
drag for me towards the end, but I do typically like most Avex tracks, so I'll be nice and
give it a seven and a half.
The trance song is supposed to sound the same for like seven minutes, different. I can't
explain it, but it's different. Just go with it, okay?
Jamie sends her vote online and she says, of course, her song gets a ten for being Exciting
I've said before to other people I don't really like trance songs unless it's the Kiriyama
Oka, so I'm giving it a 5.
You're mean.
I'm not trying to be mean, just trance can't really be interesting unless it's the Kiriyama
Oka.
Alright, alright.
You're entitled to your opinion, even if it's us.
Alright, here we go.
Here's a recap.
You can send your votes in very soon, but you have to be in the chat room.
And you know what, now is a great night to be in our chat room, because it's crowded
in there.
There's lots of people in there tonight.
Now why aren't all of you on the stream, because I know that there's more people in the chat
room than are on the stream, so shame on you.
www.calibomani.com, click on Orange Lounge and click on chat.
Alright, meet some new people, and we want to meet you, we want to meet new people tonight.
Okay, keep the microphone over there, Brett.
Here you go, you can vote for one of these three songs.
Next week's winner, P-1, hey shut up, here's a recap, first song you can vote for, P-8107.
All right, song number two you can vote for tonight, Ministry, I'm sorry, Above and Beyond with Far From In Love.
All right, and song number three you can vote for tonight is Cyber X featuring Jodie Watley with Waves of Love.
All right, there you go.
Place vote now.
Send a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote.
If you don't know how to do that, just ask somebody and they'll tell you how you send
a private message to Sky.
Votes made public in the chat room.
Don't count.
All right.
So, back to the show while we tally up those votes for CAGEMATCH as they come in.
Loki, tell us about this other project you've kind of been working on lately, you're working
on it now, you've been working on it for a little while, what is, what's up with this?
You're kind of taking StepMania modification to the extreme from what I see, no pun intended.
Well, I'm just, right now, because no one can see this out there in, you know, Radioland,
i'm making a new banner
for uh...
dancehouse revolution
it's uh... basically here's what i've been doing
i've been trying to pitch an idea to keith at golf land because
i've seen it done before where you
basically wire a uh...
stepmania
pc you know to uh... ddr machine
and run stepmania on there, well stepmania is meant to run as an arcade machine itself
because
it's got options for credits and all that stuff so
obviously that's what i'm doing here in in-house uh... with
you know cabinets being built but i thought you know why not do that in
arcade too
so i've been basically looking into licensing rights and what it would cost
you know because
obviously i'm not going to ask konami for permission because no
they're never going to say yes so we're doing it anyways
uh... but uh...
i've been looking into like if you know music
you know artists or something was to come after me how
you know, what actual licensing rights we would need. So, I checked into it. Basically,
a stamp-mini based game could be considered a jukebox because it's just, you know, music
being played. And so, it would fall under jukebox license rights, I think. I don't know.
It's a gray area but it only cost $364 a year to actually legally license it. But if we
did all like Konami original stuff and just basically, it's going to be, you know, I want
them to put a sim in the arcade and charge money for people to play it and basically
skin it like an official mix and be so convincing that any idiot out there that doesn't know
much about the sim world would think it's an official.
So that's what I'm going to do and right now I'm making a banner for Dance Dance Revolution
EX2.
That's what I've got right now.
What the hell are you doing?
You fucking idiot.
It looks like it's kind of squashed vertically, I have to fix that, but yeah, that's what
I was doing it pretty much if you know Keith says no what you probably will
because you know he has to ask management and I'm sure they're gonna be
like no you know if he was this was back at Scandia before he left he would
definitely done it but right now the feasibility is probably not gonna it's
not gonna happen there but this is just for my own you know machine pretty much
because if you think about it I could probably make a better mix in Konami Ken
so why not give it a chance and I I posed the option to them I'm like look
get past the initial investment of buying the actual pc which would pay for itself pretty
quickly since the ddr machines make a ton of money. um, you'd have free upgrades for
life on that damn thing so software upgrades would be easy but you know...whatever. so
that's what I've been doing on there. so you think you're gonna get away with it? I mean
I realize that you're saying that it's probably not gonna make it. but lets say it does make
it somehow or you buy an arcade. you win the lotter you buy an arcade or you put this machine
in it, you think you'll make it? Well, yeah, they're really the only people that could
rain out of my parade, if that were to ever happen, would be the people that play the
game itself religiously because they're like, oh, oh my God, you know, that's not an official
Konami game, that's a bootleg. You're running on a sim. But they're looking past, you know,
what it actually is and not just playing it for what it's supposed to be, which is just
a game, you know. And if Konami's going to stop making arcade games, you know, the U.S.
isn't making arcade games for DDR and all these games are getting stagnant in arcades,
people are going to go one of two routes. They're either going to spend a $1500 to buy
some hacked bootleg which is looking like shit or they're going to run software like
this that you can emulate, you know, pretty much, you know, emulate DDR perfectly and
have, you know, new features added to it that aren't seen in any of the games. Plus, you
you know, your collection of musics, you know, limitless, so why not for free? I mean, you're
talking about investing maybe, I figured, I was looking at computers and stuff, I could
probably run this on a $400 PC. So that's an initial investment, $400 versus $1500 for
a shitty bootleg that just has old music anyways. And we're talking like full unlocks here,
I don't know. I think unless people made it a real big deal about it, it's not like I'm
selling it. It's a one arcade exclusive thing. I don't see what the big deal would be. But
we should have never invited him over. Brad is being a total cam whore right now. What
can you do? I'm going to do the cage match winner in a minute, but we have one. There's
currently a tie in the cage match and I'm waiting on one more vote to see if it breaks
the tie because one of our new listeners is trying to send a vote along right now. I want
to talk about DDRXBox for a minute. God, Brad, you're such an idiot. I want to talk about
DDRXBox for a minute because there was some news this week about DDRXBox and that is that
it's gone gold. No, it's not sold a certain amount of copies, but it's finished. It's
in the can, it's done, and it's going to be out November 18th. It's kind of interesting,
not a lot of knowledge about DDRXBox right now when it comes to songs. We know that there's
going to be a remix of Absolut in it. We know that it has shiny disco balls in it. The Quickening,
Castles in the Sky, Mad Blast, I think was another one. Is that what it's called, the
is not quite as big as it is for a typical Playstation release, I don't know if people
are just scared because it's different or whatever, or maybe just because the marketing
hasn't kicked in yet, but I don't know, there just doesn't seem to be a lot of excitement
about it.
I just, wouldn't it be interesting if this did well that maybe Konami of Hawaii were
to put together some new arcade release with their brand new interface they've done and
their more competitive DDR-ness they have in there and all that stuff?
Do you have something coherent you want to add to this conversation?
That's how I said Merry Christmas in Hawaiian.
Mecha Meleki Maka, something like that.
Would you fucking talk about something worthwhile, Rob?
Wait, you don't think Xbox is worthwhile?
No.
Why not?
Xbox.
Mmm.
You know what, though?
There's a lot of folks that, you know.
Yeah, those are the same people who play sports games, like football, outside, where there's
bears.
Alright.
The only other songs we know, other than those we just mentioned, Colors by DJ Taka from
Extreme is going to show up in it, and Sugaru, Revenge Vs. Desire, and then there were a
few more from some list I saw, but I don't remember it, so that's that.
We have not had an official song list come out from Konami, that's the point.
But now that the game's gone gold, maybe they'll send some kind of, I don't know, they'll do
something.
I'm Nick Whetsek, Heidi Heidt.
Let's get to tonight's cage match winner.
Nicka, Nicka, Hi, Nicka, Johnny Ho.
Tonight's cage match winner, ladies and gentlemen, is...
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
It's a tie.
What?
It's a tie.
Between who?
So who wins?
So this is how we do it.
Because the one song that didn't tie.
This is the interesting thing.
It's a tie by one vote.
If one person had voted for the other song, it would have been a three-way tie.
So it was very close tonight.
Ooh, a three-way.
I know, ooh, a three-way.
So, here we go. The two songs that tied tonight were last week's winner, P8107, and the second
song that tied tonight was Above and Beyond with Far From the Love, and Cyberex and Jodie
Watley was one vote away. That's right, because the rules say the host whose song didn't win
gets to break the tie. But since she's not here, what do we do? Well, but she is here
in spirit because she's in the chat room, so I'm going to ask her to send her vote along.
So we'll find out who won the cage match after the break. I'm going to give her the break
to deliberate and send her a vote. Oh, never mind, she's already sent it, so let's see.
And the winner is, drum roll please, Jamie has voted for Far From In Love to win tonight's
Cage Match. So that is the winner for tonight, in a very, very close, probably the closest
Cage Match yet. I demand a re- Yeah, we're going to have a re-call, a re-count. It's
Tell your chads, people!
Make sure you puncture-
Rocky's song already won two weeks in a row, it was time for it to go.
Whatever, dude.
He wants to do a new song next week, anyway, and she says,
Eat trance.
When she voted for it, she said, eat trance.
I'm not laughing.
All right.
Uh, there you go, that's tonight's Wonder the Cage match, and goes into rotation all week long on Orange Live Radio.
We're gonna do a break now when we come back.
I'd like to fuck my recount, wouldn't you?
Oh
One more time for the bad boys, baby One more time for the bad boys, baby
One more time for the bad boys, babe
Backwards
Backwards
Backwards
Backwards
One more time for the backwards
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Whoa.
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who, by the way, is not an actor, what do you think of the Orange Lounge big money music and more show?
The music is like being transported to, uh, just this dancing spaceship place. It's, uh, unearthly. It's like being in a club, except you don't have to, you know, actually ask someone to dance.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 65 in progress. And, uh, Dark Sakura's out sick tonight, unfortunately. We wish her she gets better soon.
Orange Lounge Radio, music you humped to.
Thank you. Also, Loki and I are sick, but somehow we're continuing to go on.
I think Loki's not quite as bad off as either Jamie or myself, and I'm probably not as bad off as Jamie.
I talked to her on the phone earlier, she sounded pretty bad, so I'm somehow faking my way through this show tonight.
Joining me tonight, lankystyle, over there, hello.
Baka's complaining there's nothing in the webcam, so I have to go back to my crazy antics.
What is this you're looking at right now?
You're looking at pictures of this bootleg Dance Dance Revolution megamix?
We talked about this last week about Dance Dance Revolution Megamix.
But there's pictures of it because it got bought up by a few arcades, one of them being
Nickel City down in San Jose, and they have screenshots of it. Basically, it looks exactly
like DDR Extreme, except it's blue in the background. And I say blue in the background,
you know where there'd be green checkers? Now it's just solid blue, which is lame. But
that's what it is, and it's like they didn't really know what they were doing when they
made it and I don't know it's just it's pretty lame and according to this
there's not really any new songs that looks like I don't know all right as
promised now it's time to get into the FUs of the week and we're gonna start
off with Jamie's FUs even though she's not here we do have her FUs so let's
Let's start.
F.U. to stupid people on Red Rock Online.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
She has real F.U.s.
Here they are.
DarkSakura would like to say F.U. to being sick and that I can't take off work because
of my impending trip to Alabama. FU number 2 is missing the show. FU number 3 is not
having toilet paper. That must be an interesting house right now. Yeah, we've got plenty. Jamie,
you should have come over. We've got plenty. We bought like 50 gazillion packs in one at
Ralph's. FU number 4, my nose is rubbed raw. FU number 5, not having good food at home.
having good food at home
F you to being hot
F you to people who don't pay enough attention to the world around them
F you to selfish frivolity
I'm guilty of the same
and not being able to save money
F you to bad grammar and spelling and lastly F you to number ten from dark
sakura F you to idiots
Zelda? More like Zelda
Shut up
Bogey's turn, you're F-used.
It sucks.
p0k3smot42o
p0k3smot42o i have to go to jury duty
0blivixx, i have that bit taped so i can play it later in the future
p0k3smot42o
I didn't get to go out to the golf lane because I really wanted to, and, you know, circumstances prevented that, so, oh well.
I'm done.
My turn.
Um, my biggest F.U. this week, obviously, is being sick, because when you're sick, you don't feel like doing shit.
um
F you to my friend who went out to the bar with me ice princess
F you to ice princess for being a drunken fucker on Friday night
and he was being the biggest bitch ever and he was an hour and a half late to the club
and no I'm not gonna get over it cause you suck
you made me wait at the bar for an hour and a half for you
and ugly old people were hitting on me and therefore you should be punished
and I'm gonna berate you with this forever
And F you for getting drunk and grabbing my ass, you faggot.
Alright, let's move on, that's it.
Bradley, do you have a mic over there?
Or Brad or Bradley, somebody?
Bradley's trying to get a mic.
dial-up
the bedroom is back
with a BH
uh, fuck you too
not having any
hanging low, very long
I think this sells stuff, but
actually that's part of the good thing that sells stuff
because I got too much crap as it is
that I don't have to look at or use
So we're gonna get rid of some of this.
Uh, fuck you to truck drivers, think they own the road, get up behind you, and think that you can drive faster up through the person in front of you if they just ride your ass just five things behind you.
Five feet behind you.
Uh, let's see, what else? Anything else?
Fuck you that I don't have any chips to eat at the cabin.
I forgot to buy them and fuck you forgetting to buy any apple juice.
So I had something to drink in the morning other than water.
I think it's hot.
Whatever.
p0k3smot42o
Stovers, like, TV dinner type things, they suck.
Especially compared to, like, Mary Colander's, which is...
They are on sale, like, three out of every four weeks.
And are generally pretty good.
And, like, twice as good, twice, three times as good as those crappy dudes and shit.
That Stovers tries to pawn off a lot of people.
For three, four bucks.
Fuck you and your shitty meal.
Okay, that was stupid.
On to the chatroom, FUs!
FU to Stupid Bikers at Davis who are not using the bike circles.
FU to Stupid Pedestrians at Davis who think walking in the middle of the bike circles will get them across the street faster.
FU to the DDR Machine in Tap-X at Davis.
FU to More Drama and a Certain Initial D Community Cop, RTA Cop.
FU to the Girls who give me Dirty Looks at Paracon today just because I dress differently than they do and probably look better too.
And F you to the cocky bastards who think they know everything in billiards when they actually suck.
F you to the germs that got you three sick.
Thank you.
F you to Baka for complaining.
And F you to my friend for saying that all Loki does is bitch.
Can I respond to that, Loki?
I think the segment was called F you of the week, you know, because that's where you bitch.
I don't know, I just, you know, I thought.
Oh, he's a bitch. I haven't been bitching today.
I've been good.
You've been pretty good. I'll give you that.
But now that he mentioned that, I'm going in.
Rice Princess says,
Fuck Casey!
Oh, guess what? I brought actual rice today.
So there.
For all those people that said I cook with minute rice, you can suck it.
Are you done? Are you spent?
Yeah, it's just, you know, fulfilling the bitching part.
Oh, F-you the fact that my printer didn't come with the appropriate USB cable to hook it up.
FU to being too broke to see Kill Bill again, and FU to Imperium for being so damn expensive.
I want to have the Crazy 88 Guild, dammit.
John Fields would like to say FU to one of my
Fancestar Online cards corrupting and having to start all over again, my Fomar and Raymar.
FU to Halo not having C co-op two player mode. FU to my school having such
horrible pings that I can't play Halo online.
f u to the forty degree days now lastly f u is not being able to download fullmetal alchemist episode 2 this weekend
pixiedust says oh yeah fuck a certain friend who has a post to the pig shed i love her but damn it's been more than two weeks
oh yeah one more fuck me for always having big boobs as usual because i can't find cute tight shirts that fit
trust me
damn
damn that that just sucks oh my god
The next thing I'm going to bitch about is having too much money, because you know, woo!
And she likes to agree, hee hee, dirty ball licking truck drivers, damn.
She was agreeing with a previous FU.
No Stylin says, my FU is for not having any Let the Hit Dem remix ferret remix.
I don't know, this is No Stylin, okay?
Okay.
FU to Orange Lounge for not having people on the cam besides Brad.
I mean, where's the rest of the crew?
Well, Loki's working on his computer.
I'm trying to operate the control panel, which is off-cam.
They're dead!
They're all dead!
And Bradley is sitting in Jamie's hiding blue chair, so what can you do?
I'm boring on your way on the cam.
Says FU to having to wait for Teal Bill Volume 2, amen.
FU to people who owe me money and keep coming up with excuses.
FU to my college, for being on a 10 week schedule instead of the usual, we have twice as much
work and less time.
FU to the mystery buffer I just got, I should never be buffering with this connection.
FU to the old lady driving 20 in an Audi, don't buy a car like that if you're gonna
drive slow.
FU to the song you have going for the chatroom, FUs, ha ha, love shine, love love love.
And lastly, Baka says, this is a good one to finish with, Baka says my FU is to Orange
lounge radio, because you guys put the F U in fun.
If you want to do this or die, and we'll maybe do some Ask Orange Lounge.
If you have a question for Ask Orange Lounge, remember DarkSakura is not here tonight, so
she can't answer your questions.
If you have a question for her, it's going to have to wait.
If you have something me, Loki, Brad, or Bradley could answer, hey, we'd love to help you out.
Send on a question and we'll do the best we can.
Why?
In the meantime, let's hear, I want to hear something from BeatMania CoreMix, I think.
Let's hear Emotion, the romantic style.
No, we don't want to hear that.
Yes, we do.
It was originally in BeatMania CoreMix, though.
That's where it is.
I know, but that was also in Nine Style.
Well, you know what?
I don't care.
I want to hear the Yodeler remix of the DJ Battle.
Okay, fine.
We'll hear the Yodeler remix of the DJ Battle.
That's really annoying.
Fine.
That's the other...
Nuh-huh, nuh-nuh-huh-huh.
Instant love, what's the last thing?
Nuh-huh, nuh-nuh-huh-huh.
Instant love.
Well, we'll see if we can fit instant love in.
I'll play 20 November, the final edit, too, because it's pretty good.
We'll be back.
Nuh-huh-nuh-huh.
I'll be back.
Do you really think that you can crash, Will?
Well, if you keep up with my crash technique, I'll accept it.
Right?
Get ready.
Get ready!
Alright, I'll consider your talent.
Look, the dance floor is waiting for you to start.
If you keep up with my track technique, I'll accept it.
All right, get ready.
Yes, that's a great play, look, the dance floor is waiting for you to start.
Christ that song is annoying, oh well, since we put the F U in fun, here you go.
I know you all know Beat Media, but I want to go back and teach you the basics.
So listen carefully and try to follow
The object will come down from the top
When it hits the red line, push the button
Yeah
When it hits the red line, turn the table
You get it? Alright, let's practice
First, hit the white key
People know you go from above, you really know
Something like a face below
Okay, now a combination of both white and black keys.
Okay, now a combination of both white and black keys.
All right, let's go on to the Scratch thing, when the objects reach the red line, Scratch!
With a fact note, the technique is to scratch fast.
Now it's all the keys and the turntable.
It's hard, but you can do it!
Okay!
F-Sector guys!
Here's the spec of the new BeatMania!
Look, way below, do you see the effect?
That's the effect on and on switch.
With this trimmer, you can choose your effect.
I'll show you, so trim with me, alright?
Hey, do you hear the variety of effects?
With this trimmer, you can change the strength and the depth of the effect.
This powerful sound system will make everybody hot!
Alright, gotta go! Do not move out with your fabulous sound!
I'm missing every single version of this video
No, nobody does, yes, baby.
Sign my baby balloon.
Ba-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.
Sign my baby balloon.
Bitch, get a new song.
An open letter from Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to do Ask Orange Lounge here in a little bit.
We got a ton of freaking questions tonight,
so we're going to address all your questions.
First off, I just wanted to say, before the break,
For the break, I said that there's stuff you can do to help Bahmani out right now.
There's a couple of things.
First off, 2DX consumer style, the new one, at last count, they have about almost just
shy of 9,000 responses and they only need 10,000.
So in the next nine days, they're going to need 1,000 more responses.
So if all the listeners can get in on that, then we'll have it down to a good 998.
I think it's five days from now, like the 24th.
Is it?
I think it's the 24th.
Alright, whatever, I did my math wrong, so whatever.
So, there's not a lot of time left, so get your ass over to KonamiStyle and sign that.
I don't have a direct URL for it, sorry guys, but maybe somebody in the chat room will be kind enough to post one.
It's about to happen more than it was like a week, five days ago.
Yeah, there's a direct link on the 15th.
There's a direct link on BomaniStyle somewhere, so look for that.
speaking of the money style the other thing I was gonna say is that um they
are going to be distributing tax new CD bounce connected but they need to get I
think about 200 orders for it and they only have about 75 right now I think
when I did the math was it oh I thought it was 25 paid and then 50 reserved I
was plus plus 75 but still um if you guys are interested in picking up bounce
connected head out of the money style it's right on the top of their page in
the bottom left and tell more zones radio sent you so that you know they'll
think we're cool and also I'm after they get money after they get bounce
connected ordered up they're gonna order more CDs from diverse systems one of the
CDs called hello boss features p8 107 so you know that's definitely a CD you're
gonna want to check out because it's got a ton of awesome remixes by the Japanese
artists who are a lot better at remixing bimani music than the American artist
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid questions, but I'm not singing because I'm sick so fuck off.
Ask some questions.
Next month, we're going to go MP3 Pro, which means even if you're on a modem, you can still
get DSL quality sound.
That's going to be exciting.
You know, I forgot to mention something with my FUs, and I was totally like past that segment,
but FUs are that stupid Modesto Mitsubishi commercial that lasted a good half hour.
You suck, and that crazy Mexican guy is funny.
And that put that segue into this.
This is why we don't put quality radio out there, because irritating radio stays with
you longer than quality radio. Quality radio gets forgotten. Irritating radio stays with
you. I just took a piss. Thank you. If you don't like our station, I challenge you to
do something better. Or the easy way, just fuck yourself. But I know that's not what
But I know that's not what you meant, so, hugs and kisses from you to me. Or from me to you.
Hold on, who was the one who had the question?
Uh, one of Violent Hypergirl's friends.
Oh. Sorry I don't know you, I don't want to be mean or anything, but fuck yourself.
Alright. My other friend wants to know the purpose of Orange Lounge Radio.
The purpose of Orange Lounge Radio is so that we can make asses of ourselves on the internet.
2. When will the next Mass Orange Lounge Radio orgy be?
cuz she's a chick that plays video games
cuz rad is so from the 80s
cuz she's so from the 80s
cuz she's so from the 80s
what was that brad?
I don't know, I don't care what Brad thinks.
Skye, do you enjoy saying my Nick?
You always seem to every time you say it because I say, Ninst, it's just me being my wacky
DJ.
I'm a wacky internet DJ.
Ninst would like to send in this request for you give love a bad name.
It's 915 and 72 degrees in the Sacramento area.
I don't know.
You have a fun name to say, just like Sean the Horny Master, so it's Nince the Horny
Master as far as I'm concerned.
It's just like, you're like Casey Kasem, Lil' Jenny Sinz.
What was that on?
There was a funny joke, one comedian, I think it was on a Colin Quinn show, he was talking
about like Casey Kasem and stuff, and how he's like, he's like, yes, so this one is
for Lil' Julie, whose brother's stuck in a coma in the hospital.
Here is me so horny.
Vince would also like to know, Tuesday is coming, did you bring your coat?
It's from Rejected.
Anyway, Teehee, Teehee, Rejected Joke, hello and welcome to Last Week.
But son, it's only Tuesday.
Shut up.
23rd Magus would like to know, where can I find a good international lawyer?
I need to crack down on these illegal Portuguese joke book makers.
Moving on.
Huh?
Yeah, the dead silence reflects everyone everywhere in response to that segment.
I totally wasn't paying attention.
The orange lounge madam pixie dust or penne princess as she'd like to be called tonight.
Okay, here's a real question for Loki.
It's not penne.
It's peni.
I like saying penne because it sounds like T-N-A, which is what pixie dust makes me think
Why does Loki make fun of the fact that my F.U. goes to me having big tits? You try having
big boobs for a week and see how cheap you feel.
real? I don't even know how to respond to this. What are you talking about? He has big
boobs. He has big man boobs. I have nice sized breasts, but those are all my girlfriends,
so, you know. Oh, there you go. There you go. I don't feel cheap at all. All right.
I'm going back to some violent hyper girl questions here because she said a bunch.
Can you put the camel toe song back in circulation on Orange Lounge Radio?
Nope.
But you might hear it on one of the spinoff shows, Vanilla Sky, Monday nights at 7 o'clock
or pump up the volume, Jamie's Spinoff Show, Tuesday nights at 730.
If you're really lucky and you give them head, you might hear it on Loki's show, Live Wire,
coming back in November on Wednesdays.
Her friend wants to know, why am I so violent?
I would say it's all that pent up sexual energy.
But you know that can be fixed.
up sexual energy should be unleashed on the masses like a limbic break Pip has a question
Pip would like to know what home pads do you guys use I have an ignition camera I have
an ignition that was I kind of got out of a relationship because my ex has been too
lazy to pick it up and I guess doesn't really want to talk to me so I get a ignition pad
One of those is mine. I have custody of one of them. They're dead. They're all dead
That's my Tom Cruise impersonation. Here's your goddamn ferret
That is all you'll hear it on this show because Jamie's not here
Yo, they wanted to see it on the cam. Can you put it on the cam?
All right
Kamisaki wants to know, so I've always wanted to ask you guys this, if you are called Orange
Lounge Radio, why don't you just play Orange Lounge Tomosuke songs all day, aside from
the fact that they'd repeat after an hour or so?
Well, you hit on the first point, it would get pretty old pretty fast.
Second reason is when we were picking a name for a station, since we aren't really affiliated
with any website or anything like that, we're just kind of an upstart thing, we didn't have
any built-in name.
So we wanted to pick a name that had something to do with Bomani.
And Orange Lounge just kind of clicked because, you know, on a radio talk show, what are we
doing?
We're sitting around, we're lounging around.
Get it?
And Wet Pussy Radio was already taken, so we couldn't use that one either.
Such a bummer.
And because that's what we picked!
So fucking put your word on it!
I know!
I wanted to be Wet Pussy Radio really bad, but unfortunately it was taken.
But for the record, we do play like every single Orange Lounge and Tomosuke-san.
They're all in rotation.
orange alarms kicks ass and there's a reason we named the station ever.
John Fields wants to know, Loki, what's your sim file number at now?
I don't know because I actually haven't played StepMania in like months, so I have tons of
them sitting on my hard drive. I just haven't gotten there. I'm probably up to 4,000 now.
The game sucks, it would be better if it was Gals Panic Radio.
Go check out Sexy Pachinko Reaction.
That game is the best freaking hentai arcade game I've ever seen in my life.
Excellent.
Sexy Pachinko Reaction.
That's an awesome radio show name.
By Sammy.
Can I get to the rest of the questions, please?
Beelbo Sammy, the company responsible for?
No Stylin' Wants to Know.
When will there be a Loki remix of Mr. Ferrets?
When will there be a Loki remix of Mr. Ferrets?
How many listeners do you have listening to Orange Lounge Radio right now?
How come 23rd Magus has bad jokes?
How come the sky is blue?
God made rivers, God made lakes, God made... no, I'm not going to say that.
That's too mean.
And I'm nice.
I'm on nice patrol this week.
How many stupid rhymes do you know?
I know a ton!
In the middle of nowhere.
I'm smart.
And well-educated.
Dark Sakura has another question.
Dear Orange Lounge, where the fuck did all the generals go on Ragnarok?
I want to gain another fucking level.
answer that but I haven't played Ragnarok in about, oh, three months. Does anybody in
this room play Ragnarok anymore? Never have, never will. I would be if I had money, but
I have no money. Guess you're fucked! Sorry, Jamie, not only are you sick, but we can't
answer your question. Boy, are you screwed tonight. Love ya! What? Where are the generals
in a way cool way man she's super rad what was the pretty bunch thing you just
did like a square thing with your fingers when you said she's totally not
square that was pretty geeky but it was kind of rounded because I didn't make a
square it was more rectangular rounded shape maybe some sort of oval she's like
Sky, what would you do if you had a cute gay guy, a popsicle, and a lot of time in a bedroom?
I
What possessed you guys to start a radio station in the first place?
Were you high on pot or were you just drunk?
Little bit of both.
Actually, I had already been doing radio through my buddy's radio station, Undersedation Live,
and I had been studying radio in college, so it was nothing new to me.
And Dark Sacra had been guesting on Undersedation Live.
She did a good job when she did it, so I said, Hey, Jamie, why dont we do a show?
And she said, Sure! And then Loki just started showing up, but its worked out
Nice.
So...
I was there.
Loki just kind of, kind of showed up, and it worked.
Yes, and Jamie would like to add she was also the most frequent guest on Understation Live,
which is true.
All right.
Biohazard also wants to know, where can I find remixes of Bamani's stuff?
I'll let Loki answer that.
The internet.
You want to be more specific?
Check out, well, I don't know, check out like BomaniSims if you want shit, but go to like
Diverse Systems website, they have a lot of like samples you can find.
Like I believe it's diverse.co.jp if I remember correctly, but if not, just check the link
on BomaniCell, there should be a link to their site because they're the ones that do bounce
connected CD.
So find their site and look for the artist names on there and then when you see the artist
names like OnoKen for instance, just search under like Yahoo or something for OnoKen then
BMS because all the people that do remixes on there, they make BMS files for the Beat
Mania Sims and they do awesome remixes on there.
That's how I found P8107 without buying the CD is I just rip the sound from the BMS file,
so.
That's a good place to look. Just search for like Bimani remixes. You'll also find there's a site that does like a compendium of every single remix ever made and they have it organized by song that it's remixed from and you can find links on there too. So just check that out.
You can find them on my hard drive. I've got about over 100 of them. Quite a big collection of official ones. But you're not going to have them.
Here's my clever answer. Listen to Orange Lounge Radio because we play them.
Yay!
Why do you keep saying you are going to burn the ferrets and you don't?
Are you not able to bring yourself to set aflame, the Orange Laundry radio mascot?
Basically, if I burn the ferrets, Jamie would kick my ass, and I know this.
But I'm hoping when she goes away to Alabama, she'll be gone for a good two weeks.
So if I set them on fire just before she leaves, she'll have the whole trip to kind of calm
down, and I'm hoping she'll forget by the time she gets back.
So have a nice trip, Jamie!
Also, because one of them isn't yours, and so you don't want to burn other people's stuff.
I would just say, you know, I'm sorry, I thought you had fire insurance.
For the good of all radio, I will set it on fire.
Fire, fire will retard or whatever, yeah, I'm tired.
Next question, Ask Orange Lounge, we're gonna finish this up and then end the show, we gotta
zip through these because there's only like one minute supposedly left in the show.
Why did the chicken know, wait, where did you get that Mobomoga remix you hear in the
orange lounge radio intro.
Hamster Alliance is what he goes by online.
Navi was urging him to create a Bimani remix for a Bimani-style remix contest that they
had a while back, and he doesn't really like many Bimani songs, so it was a problem.
Mogomogas is probably his favorite song out of all of them, and he pretty much remixed
those 20 seconds and then said, ah, fuck it, which is too bad, because if he had remixed
the whole thing...
Best remix I've ever heard.
He probably would have won the whole damn thing.
If he would have remixed more Bimani stuff, he'd have more of a mind to it.
Fuck.
He is so talented.
His music is great.
Check out his website.
I just don't know what it is, but search for that name, Hamster Alliance.
The E at the end of Hamster, I believe, is a three, if you can't find it under Hamster.
The nice thing is, I asked him when he didn't end up entering it in the contest, but I heard
it anyway.
I asked him, I'm like, hey, I run a station called Orange Lounge Radio with some friends.
Maybe we could use that.
He's like, yeah, sure.
So, there you go.
Just that, whatever, how many 15 seconds you've got of it, it's like just that 15 seconds
is already the best remix I've ever heard, ever.
Yeah, huh?
It's so good.
It sounds like Crystal Method remixes, that's what I like.
All right.
We're running a little over here, but I want to address the rest of these questions.
Anybody have info on the StepMania SM Max 4 theme that I haven't heard about for a long
time?
two more here.
Biohazard also wants to know, why does the webcam face a very uninteresting area of your
living room?
Well, you know what?
There is no interesting area.
Surprise!
There is no interesting area.
I know.
So what do you expect?
Well, I could open the fridge and get the camera in the fridge.
That would be cool.
And then you would just see this be cool.
That would be cool.
All right.
Last question.
Sorry guys that sent their questions in late, but we're running over here.
Biohazard wants to know, why did you pick Live 365
to host your station and not some other place?
Basically, because Live 365 will pay all the licensing for you
as well.
And although I would be willing to run a shoutcast station,
it's just not possible because of our bandwidth.
Believe it or not, we have too many listeners,
and we wouldn't be able to maintain
the bandwidth for the live show.
We wouldn't be able to do it.
So sorry, we're kind of stuck with Live 365.
Although honestly, they're not bad because despite you guys get pop-up ads and all that
stuff, considering everything you get, which is licensed, paid for, radio, if you want
to blame somebody for the fact that Lie365 has to have all these pop-ups, blame the RIAA
for enacting those licensing laws and all that shit.
That's who's fault it is, not Lie365.
They do the best they can and I've been happy with them this far.
the
the
uh... times for everybody's final thoughts as time to wrap up the dam show
brad
final thought
he said he did look so good
was my before my mom
My other final thought is you smell like butt.
Bradley Gotta get up, gotta get moving.
You sound like an 80's theme song right there, thank you.
Loki I know I have to drink Therafloot, but lemon
That's it.
Thank you everybody for listening and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
We do appreciate it.
Tune in tomorrow night for Vanilla Sky at 7 o'clock.
Tune in Tuesday night for Pump Up the Volume at 7.30.
Tune in 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for the Beaumont Music Amore program.
All your favorite DDR, 2DX, and Dance Media favorites.
And thanks for your support.
We always appreciate it.
The final word of the show.
Loki, I don't think you've ever had it.
What do you want?
Final word of the show.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura,
Skye and Loki. We expect you a nice play again. And now, here's your fortune cookie message
of the day.
Well, as Megatron has, how shall we say, departed, I nominate myself as the new leader.
I nominate myself as the new leader!
Wait! The Constructicons form Devastator, the most powerful robot we should rule!
Soundwave superior, Constructicons inferior.
Who are you calling inferior?
Nobody would follow an uncharismatic bore like you!
Hey! Nobody calls Soundwave uncrasmatic!
Thanks for listening and we'll see you next week
