That changed and I just wonder why
All it took was just one smile
Now with you
Out of the blue
Lover here
Before my eyes
With you
Think I'm true
I never thought I'd
Realize what love
What love was, what love was, what love was
I need you, oh I need you every day
I love you more and more without you
I know what is so strong
Suddenly, I see you there, and everything's okay
You're the one, I feel this way
Now it's you, out of the blue
Love appears before my eyes
It's you, dream come true
I never thought I'd bring you a life of love, of love, of love
Here with you
We are together now.
Never take my heart away.
All the love that fell is here to stay.
Woah, woah, woah
It's like a dream come true
I never thought I'd fall in love with you
Love appears before my eyes with you
It comes true
I never thought I'd be with you
Out of the, out of the, out of the, out of the city blue
Oh, it's like a dream come true
I never thought, I never thought
Out of the blue
You brought my eyes with you
Dream come true
I never thought I'd fall in love with you
Out of the, out of the, out of the, out of the league
We are young, hotted, we stand, no promises, no demands, no demands, no promises, no demands.
You make me go, then make me stay Why do you hurt me so bad?
You would help me to know, do I stand in your wake?
Or am I the best thing you can?
Believe me, believe me, I can't tell you why
But I'm trapped by your love and I'm chained to your lies
We are young, heartache, heartache, we stand No promises for demand, love is a fantasy
We are young, no one can tell us where to run Searching our hearts for solo love
Both of us knowing, love is of seven feet
We're meant to control, we turn it away
Hold on to me deep inside
And if all this gets old, will it still feel the same?
There's no way this will die
But if we get much closer, I still lose control
And if your heart's a grandeur, you'll need me too, oh
We are young, heartache, heartache, we stand No promises, no delays, love is as good as
We are strong, no one can tell us where to run Searching our hearts for some love
For the first knowing, love is a battle for you
Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, the Monty Talk and then some.
Mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, goddammit, I will.
Well, here's to my big opening.
A sphincter says what?
I'm super. Thanks for asking.
Oh, you little bitch troll from hell.
What am I doing here?
Awwww.
Dodge this.
Mmhmm.
This is a tasty burger.
Look you stupid bastard, you've got no arms left.
Yes I have.
Look!
It's a flesh wound.
Searching for a boy in high school isn't useless.
It's searching for meaning in a polyshorn way.
Oh yeah?
Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
Dark Sakura.
I've got a sniff.
Sky.
But I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
Loki.
We are live and this is episode number 66.
I don't have much of a voice left, that's why I will be speaking in spirit all evening.
No.
No.
How are you feeling this week?
last week better okay in that corner say hello to our tech massa Loki hi also
with us tonight we have the one and only Arcadian 42 you know and that's it it's
a small it's a small little studio tonight but that's okay who is the other
special guest, dare I ask?
The other special guest is my laundry.
I think it's the webcam.
Which smells Mountain Spring fresh at this very moment.
Actually, it smells like Tide.
My fabric softener smells like Gain, so it smells like Tide Gain bounce.
Gain makes me think of the Gator network, which makes me cry.
That makes everybody cry.
Of course, we have something that is now even worse than Gator.
something out there. There's a software for your computer. It is worse than Gator. It
is worse than Bonsai Buddy. It is worse than Gator with a Bonsai Buddy. It's the worst
damn software you could ever have on your computer. And we'll be talking about that
later.
Okay.
But first we're going to take a quick break. We have all sorts of news tonight. How was
your week? How was your day? An exciting DDR story which aired on our local news, which
definitely have to play and make fun of for you all. Another game coming out soon. Could
this be the DDR Killer? We'll see. And Sacramento has a DDR machine in a very odd location all
coming up after this.
So one, two, three...
Oh
I know
I can't, but I can't help falling in love with you
Shall I say, will I say, see, I will say
If I can't help falling in love with you
It's like a river flow, flowing through the sea, flowing through the valley, like hell, something's about to be.
Take my hand, take my whole life through
I can't help falling in love with you
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio, because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Welcome back, boys and girls, to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 66, In Progress.
Join in our chat room if you want, www.calibomani.com.
Click on Orange Lounge and click on Chat.
There's a whole shitload of people there tonight.
Just waiting to talk to you and tell you where our webcam's at if you want to stare at us,
although Jamie never is on cam because- And remember, $2.99 a minute, you know, you
could...
We might have talked to you in other ways.
I don't know.
I charge for my P.M. That's the only way you can vote in the cage match and also send your
nephews of the week and all that stuff.
So hello.
So for those of you guys that listen to the show on a regular basis, I'm sure you've heard
Loki in the past talk about his experiences when he goes to Raley's to get Chinese food.
And the lady that works at the Raley's department that always says, you want a sample?
Yes, the sample lady at the Raley's.
And I had the chance today, Loki and I went down to Walmart today to run some errands
and do something else.
So we're going to talk about much later in the show.
We went to Walmart and then we went over to Raley's to get some dinner, because I was
going to get some Chinese food.
And Loki said, hey, this is the Raley's where the sample lady works at.
I was all excited, because I didn't realize that we were going to the Raley's, where the
sample lady works at, because I always thought she worked at another one.
Raley's, for those who don't know, because I forget, it's probably only in California.
It's a big grocery store chain, so Raley's is a big grocery store.
This is the most fucked up Raley's I've ever seen, this Raley's here in Folsom, where we
live.
We have the Rainbow Cafe, first of all, when you walk right in the door.
The Rainbow Cafe, it sounds like something that belongs in Lavender Heights in Midtown.
So you have the Rainbow Cafe when you walk through the door, and right next to the Rainbow
Cafe is the takeout place, the hot walk.
So Loki and I walk in, and Loki's like, oh my God, the sample lady's working today.
That's her.
That's her.
So I got all excited because I saw the sample lady.
And of course, since I saw the sample lady, there was nothing I wanted more than to hear
her go, you want a sample?
Yes.
So Loki gets up there and ordered his food, and shockingly enough, she didn't say it.
She didn't say it to him.
So I was starting to get a lot upset because I'm like, I can't be here and
not hear the you want sample thing.
So I went up there and I was like, hi, yeah,
can I try a little bit of the garlic chicken?
You know, it's trying to go out, oh, you want sample?
It didn't work.
She didn't say anything.
She just kind of gave it to me and then got my meal and we were gone.
But there was this really stupid guy that was there too.
And after I took my garlic chicken and I ate the little thing because they put it
on a toothpick, they put a piece on a toothpick, so you need it.
He's like, so was it good?
I'm just like, fuck off.
Yes, it was delicious.
Do you want me to spit it back out so you can taste it too?
I mean, fucking ask for yourself and find out for yourself.
Because what I think is really good tasting,
you might fucking hate.
So I actually can stand to drink diet soda.
A lot of people think I'm fucking weird.
Rob.
Yes?
People don't think that you're weird.
Eat me.
Anyway, so I didn't get to hear the you want sample thing.
And then the lady who was checking us out,
she looked like a brunette Donatella Versace,
which kind of scared me a little bit.
Oh my god, that woman is hideous looking.
She looks like droopy.
Welcome to Donatella Versace's Halloween party.
I give you candy, cigarettes.
Here's some candy, here's some cigarettes.
God, I love when they impersonate Donatella Versace
on Saturday Night Live.
Anyway, so the lady who checked us out
There were these two kids that were trying to play in one of those power wheelchairs.
You know how if you're handicapped and you go to the grocery store, they give you a complimentary
wheelchair to sit in?
What a complimentary wheelchair.
There were these kids, and I swear to God, they were about ready to ram right into all
the candy.
It was funny.
But I'm really upset because I didn't get to hear the you want sample thing, so I just
have to rely on Loki.
Loki is the only one that can do it.
And then he had to go, I'm trying to train her not to offer the samples, because she
does it at the wrong times.
You already get your food, she's already given it to you, it's all ready to go.
I got sweet and sour pork, and she'll give me a sample of sweet and sour pork like, gee,
I didn't know what it tasted like.
Oh my God, that's so good, maybe I should get some.
Oh wait, I already did.
She's so retarded.
And then on Friday, they had a person that was even dumber than she was, this old guy,
He was like, oh, you want food?
You want Chinese?
What kind of rice do you want?
And it's like so fucking annoying.
They're so slow.
They're like operating in another dimension.
They operate in the process.
Freaking old.
But yeah, they sucked.
And then Rob had to go and ask for a sample and actually
thinks it's OK to ask for samples.
And then she went back to asking people for samples.
God damn it.
You messed it all up for me.
I swear to God, she recognized you when we walked in there.
We walked in and she looked at you with that, hi, look on her face.
I was kind of like, oh, she recognizes Loki as a frequent customer.
But what was so weird is right before you went up there to get helped, she started staring
off into space.
She was staring at some person on the other end of the store.
And mind you, there's a line of five people there waiting at the counter.
She's looking at her ancestors.
She's staring off into space, yeah.
seeing the ghost of Christmas past in front of her or something. It's fucking crazy.
But the woman's entertaining, so I'll continue to patronize that really. If for nothing else,
then good stories to fill up time on Orange Laundry Radio.
I have plenty of things I could patronize. In a completely different sense.
Let's start off the lovely show with How Was Your Week, How Was Your Day, our favorite
way of letting you know what's going on in our lives. It sounds like Jamie wants to start.
Oh God, that gives me a headache. Jamie, how was your past two weeks in your day? You were
out last week for sickness. Oh my God, Thursday. Wait, how long have you been sick now? Like
three weeks? No. Do you have SARS? No. No, I started to get sick around Wednesday-ish
and Thursday. Dan's like, hey, let's go out and have dinner and shit. And so I'm like,
Okay.
Wait, you had dinner and shit?
Shut up.
Everything makes you shit.
Anyway.
Not soup.
With my digestion.
Anyway.
All right.
It could be like chunky, creamy cheese soup or something.
Moving on.
Anyway.
I'm sorry.
Could you repeat that revelation for our listeners?
The beef soup makes your urine smell like beef.
If you go around and smell it, it's a fact. It's just like honey smacks.
Honey smacks makes your urine smell like honey smacks.
It's quite fascinating.
Honeycomb, honeycomb, we want honeycomb.
Honeycomb doesn't do anything. It's just honey smacks
and beef soup. I don't know.
The blue wine punch makes your urine green.
It's kind of weird.
So if you were to eat beef sloop with honey smacks on the side, would your urine turn
into this sudden stink bomb?
You could just whip it out and pow.
Hey, what about my week?
Sorry.
Okay, freaking piss sniffers.
Okay.
Okay, maybe it's different for a woman because you sit when you pee so you don't really smell
it because it's kind of contained in the potty, right?
The smell is right.
But when you're a guy, you're whipping it out and you pee right there and what?
I'm just saying, I'm just saying, you can't help it.
What?
I seriously think that's why some guys sit when they pee.
Okay.
Everyone here in the studio does have their pants on.
I don't know what the hell they're talking about.
We can fix that.
Hey now, what the hell is that big black stitch?
I don't know.
Bradley sort of looks like he's not wearing pants in the webcam.
Oh, your head's in the camp.
Sorry, Jamie.
You okay?
You sure you want to talk about your week here?
Okay.
Do you want something to drink?
You want some honey smacks?
I had beef soup, but now all I have is chicken soup.
Okay.
Fucking go in the bathroom and take a pee right now, because I'm sick of hearing about
your urine.
Okay?
Okay?
Okay, if you have to pee, stop talking about it, just get in the bathroom and pee.
We have so many Jamie quotes in like the past like two minutes right there to use in the
next intro.
Not to mention that the blue light punch turns your stool green also.
You are in the perfect position for me to just knock you right out of your chair.
Actually that would be my chair.
Knock you right out of Logie's chair.
I could throw the ferret at you, but that's too much effort.
How was your week?
How was your day?
Two weeks.
I was sick the whole time.
I guess as everyone can tell, I still have this nasty cough.
Last week, when I called in, as you can probably vouch for this, I sounded really shitty.
I was getting dizzy in my chair.
I ran fever all weekend, I ran fever at work, but it's nothing that's like super contagious
it's a sinus infection.
But I didn't know that time I thought that I had like leukemia and emphysema at the same
time.
No, Dan thought I had emphysema, that was funny, he's like, he was mistaking emphysema
for bronchitis.
Isn't emphysema something smokers get?
Yeah.
And you quit quite some years ago, didn't you?
Like five and a half years ago.
Yeah, so that's weird.
Anyway, so all the snot in my nose that's been consistently draining since I had this
infection start has been going right into my lungs, and then I've been, of course, coughing
it all back up.
I sound like I'm going to die every moment, and then I got over all the nasty fever, shakes,
those symptoms, but I cough myself into headaches now, which sucks.
I have a headache right now.
It got bad enough that Tuesday when I was doing laundry, I stopped breathing for a little
bit.
I had to go lay down.
I took three puffs off my Ibuterol, laid down, and it felt better finishing my laundry, but
I called the doctor the next day.
They gave me more asthma medicine that night.
And then they said, I get a call the next day that says, either come into the doctor
or if we can't schedule you, go to the emergency room.
So I was like, okay, oh shit, that's like pretty, pretty bad.
So I went to the doctor, turns out I had sinus infection, drainage.
And then they prescribed me more drugs.
So now I'm on an antibiotic and I'm on Robitussin with codeine.
Robitussin, Robitussin.
I swear at night, okay, you know me and my insane tolerance for alcohol, coding will
just totally screw my head up, so I take it before bed and I'm really groggy when I wake
up in the morning and dizzy and all kinds of fun stuff, so I'm on all kinds of drugs
now.
On top of that, my voice sounds really crappy and I work in a call center, so I'm hoping
that I get over this crap before I go to Alabama. That's next Tuesday. I'm going to be on a
plane next Tuesday. Anyway, so that's also why I sound really crappy. I'm about to spew
up one of my lungs on your carpet so you can put it on the webcam.
All right. Well, feel better soon. I mean, that kind of sucks that you have to go back
to work tomorrow and talk, but on the bright side, maybe, you know, it'll build something
up, the talking. I don't know how that works. You have no idea how gross it is. I can kind
of imagine because I know that, you know, as somebody in my position, I have to talk
a lot of times all day long too when I'm teaching. I talk loud too because I'm teaching. And
And usually if I go for a while, like if we're in between classes and I'm not talking a lot
loud and it takes me a little while, those first couple days when I get back in a class,
where I have to kind of build up my voice again, so cough, cough, cough.
Don't talk to me about actually coughing up everything, it's really gross.
Luckily I haven't had to go through being sick and trying to do all that yet, but who
who knows, maybe someday. Okay, so let's move on. Let's talk to Bradley. Bradley, how was
your day and how was your week? And I think I'm sitting on the cord. Sorry, we'll give
you a little more room there. My bad. That's as long as you're going to get to go. Oh,
I have the wrong one. There we go. Now it's all untangled. Well, this week not too much
happened. Sat around most of the day doing not much. Actually, I shipped out 20 or so
packages to various places in the U.S. and six other countries. On Tuesday, I finally
went by Fireside Lanes, which is like a mile from where I live. Went and checked out their
DDR Extreme, and it's in pretty good shape, so I played two games then, then went back
on Thursday and played six, and now my foot hurts from all that stomping. Let's see what
else. And yesterday I fixed up my 2DX controller a bit, so I can actually play some 2DX the
first time at home for the first time in like two months.
God, I haven't played 2DX at home in a long time.
I'm really hoping that, well, I mean, maybe we'll talk about it later, but I'm just hoping
that there is, in fact, a new consumer style coming out.
And yes, I know they've got all the signatures, and da-da-da-da-da, we'll address it later.
I just really hope it happens and they don't try to dick us somehow.
Yeah.
It better not suck, too, considering we've had to wait like a year and a half at least,
if not two years.
Probably going to have to wait two years for this new 2DX, basically, from the time we
got the last one.
If it sucks, Konami can, like, just go to hell. I don't know.
It better be good. It better have, like, 300 songs on it. Sorry.
Well, hang on.
And then, let's see, what else?
If anything happened, not really much else happened.
more 2DX a day and passed a few new things that was like played a few courses and passed
a few new ones. That's about everything that happened this week. Alright, on to someone
else.
Loki, how was your day? How was your week?
I didn't do anything today except for work on my cabinet a little bit and it's come along
quite well. I'm on my last sheet of stuff to cut out, and the only thing that's holding
me back is the damn battery power in the jigsaw. I mean, otherwise I would have been done today,
but yeah, once it's all cut out, which will be this week, I will start putting it together.
And then comes the wonderful job of finding out where we're going to put it. Yeah. No,
Anyways, earlier this week, I said we'd just get rid of the couch.
Well, I mean, what I was thinking is that we move that small chair somewhere, put the
couch against the window, put the cabinet where her chair is, because obviously the
... You okay?
Okay.
Obviously the camera would be on top of the cabinet sitting somewhere, and then, I don't
I don't know, we'll figure out where to put the other chairs.
Maybe burn that or something.
I'll figure it out.
But then today, before the show, as you might have seen on the webcam if you're watching,
I was calibrating the TV to look nicer,
which I don't really notice anything, but whatever.
Actually, I noticed that the chat room's more readable than usual, except when people use colors.
But anyway, so we were watching that and said,
do not go beyond your abilities or something and showed someone like trying
to pry off something on a circuit board and getting electrocuted
and the house started getting electrocuted and then it burst into flames.
And that was great because the house caught on fire and we had laughed.
And then what else?
Oh, not much. I ordered the rest of my parts for my cabinet. I ordered my buttons for popping music, so those are coming, along with my bezel for the monitor.
You know, the little black thing that goes around it so it doesn't look like a TV, it looks more like an actual monitor.
And then, um, yeah, it should be coming together pretty fast. So, that's about it. Yeah. Not too much.
Alright, oh and saw scary movie three this weekend. That was funny. I heard it shattered like a gazillion records
How was it? It was pretty good
It was just you know like you hear the names like airplane and naked gun your expectations are high
What the movie's supposed to be and it was good. It was really funny
I was like a first movie that I've seen a long time actually made me laugh out loud in the movie theater
But you know a lot of the jokes were ruined from the previews
See, that's why I didn't want to watch those clips, because I knew it wouldn't ruin the
movie.
Well, no, no, no, not those.
I'm talking about like the previous.
Like one of the funniest ones, like the Michael Jackson thing, you know?
Oh, I see.
It's like stuff like that.
But it was good.
It was good.
All right.
Sounds good.
So that's it.
Nothing else to say about your week?
No.
All right.
My week and my day.
I had a pretty boring week.
Nothing too exciting.
I think I've kind of gotten sick of going to golf land to play F-Zero and all that,
Because I don't know, F-Zero, now that I've unlocked pretty much everything,
it's kind of like lost its flair a little bit.
I mean, it's still a fun game and it's way better than Initial D.
But I'm just kind of, I'm bored with it now.
Plus what's weird about Golf Land, the local arcade that a lot of us play at,
is that they now have two Initial D machines for
a total of four cars to play Initial D with.
Totally unnecessary, that money could have gone towards something else.
The initial D isn't even that popular anymore, except maybe on Friday and Saturday nights
there's a wait.
I'll probably use that to fix or beat maybe a machine.
The nights I usually go there, Tuesdays, Thursdays, empty.
There's maybe one person playing constantly throughout the night, enough that one machine
could handle.
I don't know why they got a second one.
It's kind of unnecessary.
And then DDR Extreme's still cool, I guess.
I'm still trying to AAA stuff.
I don't think I got anything new this week, but I'm working on my heavy AAAs.
a lot of single digit grades, but no heavy AAAs, but I'm working on it. For some reason
I want my PA to get better, not that I'm ever going to be that great, but I can try. And
then pretty much I've been working on my game of Final Fantasy X. I won't spoil where I'm
at. I won't give a spoiler. I'll just say I'm at Mount, what the hell is it called?
Mount Gagazil, I think it's called. That's where I'm at right now, for those of you who
play the game. So I think by my estimations I'm probably about halfway, somewhere between
halfway and two thirds through it. So still a ways to go and I'm trying to burn through
it before Final Fantasy XI comes out on Wednesday except I don't see that really happening because
I've got vanilla sky tomorrow night and then Final Fantasy XI comes out Wednesday. Now
the interesting thing is I work a short week next week. I'm only working Monday and Tuesday
because I have three days off.
I'm supposed to go to Hollywood for Halloween,
but I foresee that the trip might be canceled.
I'm going to find out for sure tonight.
So if the trip ends up getting canceled,
that means I'm pretty much going to be stuck here,
and I'm going to do nothing but play Final Fantasy 11,
because I'm a freak.
So that's it.
A bunch of us Orange Lounge radio listeners
will let you know what Final Fantasy 11 server
we're going to be on.
I haven't, I've kind of been staying away
from information on the game.
I've looked at the benchmark.
looked at the demo I watched Brad lanky style if you listen to vanilla sky he
he's on there a lot he was a beta tester for Final Fantasy 11 so I saw it a little
bit over there but other than that I really been kind of just keeping it a
surprise what all is gonna wait for me Final Fantasy 11 I haven't read up on
the classes or anything so it should be exciting but the thing is is that come
Wednesday I want to make sure I get the game like I want to be one of the first
people with the game because I want to make sure the name I want doesn't
doesn't fucking get taken, because I hate that shit when people steal my name. It's
my name. Back off. I have a radio show and you don't, therefore I'm entitled to the name.
And that's pretty much it. So it's kind of just anticipating my vacation next week. Yay.
And then not a whole lot too exciting this week. I haven't been to play 2DX in like six
weeks. I haven't been to Scandi in a while. Just golf land. And playing stuff here. Playing
Castlevania. Loki bought the new Castlevania game and I'll talk more about that tomorrow
night. Okay, I think we're going to do, we're going to go to a break and when we come back
we'll talk about some more news and some things going on in the Milani world. I think maybe
we'll do the news story next. We had a news story that aired locally here in Sacramento,
California where we all live and it's comedy so you guys definitely want to stay tuned
to listen for this because we're going to play it for you guys and make fun of it because
that's what we do. We'll be back after a set of some five key Beatmania songs. This should
be fun. We will be right back.
.
.
.
.
.
I'm out to play, gonna have me some fun In a world that is totally mine
showing my
my
my
my
my
my
I'm on the floor, feel myself in the light
Moving shoulders
to your feet
As I'm turning
I'm still with the light
So my heart comes to my feet
When I
dance I'm feeling the love
The light, measure I stay with the keys
As the movie happens, I'm still with the sky
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B gave me
and join us on all the fun together.
But hey, if you're a broke ass like I am,
why don't you come to the one place
that costs absolutely nothing to go to
and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Kick it with me and you just might realize
the best things in life are free.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio,
episode number 66.
Okay, so shifting gears a little bit,
we wanted to cover this.
We have in Sacramento our local UPN affiliate.
So right off the bat, you know this is going to be class television, okay?
We have our local UPN, United Paramount Network.
United Post-A-Mock.
United Crappy Television Network.
United Wrestling Network.
Hey.
It's the only thing they're famous for.
I like SmackDown.
Well, that's the only show they've got, basically.
That and Enterprise.
And Black Television.
And yes, the leader in Black Television.
So anyway, UPN did this story about Dance Dance Revolution, and this aired on our local
affiliate channel 31 here in Sacramento and we wanted to play the story for you
as you can see you know what the real people out there have to say about DDR
so if we're gonna fire up the clip here and we will be us of course stopping it
and interjecting our own snide comments occasionally so here we go
which we're just waiting for it to load are you gonna put on TV so Jamie can see
too you don't think it'll work over there Jamie you have to come here if you
you want to see it otherwise you have to just listen.
When you think of video games, what comes to mind?
The joystick, the chair, the set of steady eyes?
It's not very loud.
Can you turn it up?
This is the home version on PlayStation right now of DDR,
which we talked about at the top of the show,
because gone are the days of Pac-Man fever, the Donkey Kong
craze.
This is an interactive video that swept the nation.
It's definitely not for couch potatoes.
And GES' Tara Moriarty is shaking her groove,
saying it's John's incredible pizza in Stockton.
They basically have economics playing in the background on a widescreen TV in the studio.
Then they got some dumb bitch on the spot in John's famous pizza, which is pretty much
like Chuck E. Cheese.
It's got tons of rides and stuff.
They actually have carnival rides in there, which is pretty sweet.
We're playing DDR Max 2 with all the employees who aren't working.
You said Justin is not there tonight?
No.
Justin is...
He's not being let in.
My bodyguards...
Justin Timberlake.
Okay.
Not letting him in.
Okay.
But you are going to compete.
We're having a dance-off right now.
Let's show...
This is Adam.
They're having a dance-off.
I was hoping that they could compete.
There's two employees on the machine playing something on basic.
Everyone in home could vote on who was better.
And joining me is Yoshi. You have been doing this machine work here at John's Incredible Pizza and you've been actually practicing on this machine after work when everybody's gone home and you're really good.
Yes I am. I've actually been...
Pause it, pause it, pause it. What a conceited little bastard.
So I hear you're good at DDR. Well yes I am actually.
God, I would have loved to have been there to kick his ass.
They're not talking to the person on the machine, they're talking to some guy off the machine.
We're going to see him play at the end of the story.
Everybody else I know that plays DDR, anybody that's good in tournaments and stuff like
that, it's like this thing.
Don't get me wrong, this thing bugs me too.
You ask somebody if they're good at DDR, you could be talking to somebody who comes in
like top three in tournaments and they'll go, yeah I'm okay, yeah I'm okay, yeah I play
it sometimes.
Sometimes DDR community is just like over humbled-fied, you know what I mean?
If somebody asks me how good I am at DDR, I'm going to say, well, let me just put it
this way, I kind of used to play it a lot.
Yeah, that's more my response, I just say, I haven't played for a few years.
I've practiced a lot.
All right, move on.
I think you have to hit play.
Yeah, you have to hit play.
And so, who does this?
I mean, old people, young people?
Everybody, now and then, they come, they try, and they really have fun on this game.
play and so who doesn't I mean old people young people everybody now and
then they come they try and they they really have fun on this game even if
they're not good they can really dance what's the key because I mean I think
it's really difficult actually the key is to listen to the beat and just watch
the arrows go from bottom to top and hit the corresponding step and be
You're doing like the light version.
You can do heavy, moderate, or light.
Yes, there's three difficulty settings.
There's light, standard, and heavy.
Okay, we're going to cut over to Lloyd and Beth so we can see how they are stacking up
against this competition here.
Let's take a look.
Are you guys ready?
Oh, yeah.
Tara, we're picking our song.
Pause it.
So, okay, so they're having this dance off, quote unquote, between the people playing
in the arcade and then the two hosts in the studio.
I don't know how the fuck that works, but they're having a dance off, which means we're
going to make asses of ourselves all at the same time on this game.
He looks completely unenthusiastic.
These people don't need to be touching this software at all.
This is why old people... I'm sure these guys aren't touching the software.
That's what interns are for.
I used to be an intern at a television station.
Trust me, that's what the interns are there for.
These guys don't have to know shit about the game.
fucking stupid. But anyways, let's watch and laugh at them as they make an ass of themselves.
And in response, yeah, they were playing the whistle song at the beginning. I'm not going
to pick the maniac level. No, no, no, no, no, no. Basic. I'm a basic guy. Use your arms
with it too. Come on, you're a big boy. Just bounce, just bounce. Okay, ready? Left, left,
left. The guy is not even looking at the screen and they're playing dive. You're not bad,
Okay, basically what's happening now is the male host of the show is dancing and he's
looking like he's doing the chicken dance.
He's trying to play DDR, it's like nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.
And they're playing dive, which kind of sounds like the chicken dance anyway.
And then the girl host, I shouldn't say girl, the old woman host, is leaning, she's leaning
over and going, okay, up, up, left, left, right, up, up, up, down. It's like, fuck,
you know, if I was just starting out at DDR, that would just throw me off. You know, she's
not able to read them as fast as they're coming up the screen. I would have turned around
and bitch slabbered and said, stop it. I'm making a big ass out of myself on television
as it is. Leave me alone. Move on. We'll give you the link to the video at the end. Oh,
and look, they failed. Pause, pause. It took them a whopping 15 seconds to fail dive. Whoever
decided to pick a four-foot song for these two incompetent hosts to play on the start
of... That was a bad mistake. That intern is so fired. That intern is so genius. He's
like, I fucking hate those bastards. They make me do all their fucking work for them.
I'll make them look like fools on TV. And now the male host is so shocked that he failed.
He has Sylvester Stallone face. He's got like, ooh, ooh dream, ooh foot trip. Meanwhile,
employees are still going at it on the whistle song. And not working. Uh oh. And uh, okay
here it goes. So now the female host is asserting her authority and just yanking the other two
So now the female host is asserting her authority and just yanking the other two employees off
the machine and letting the third employee, who happens to be a DDR maniac here, put in
his coin.
And then you get to pick your own song.
Pick your own song, pick your own difficulty level.
Oh, chords in Japanese.
Take out who you want to play,
which is one right now. This game will give you a teaser.
It's max two, by the way.
20 seconds.
Okay.
He's gonna do the heaviest difficulty possible,
and this guy, I mean, this is like a workout.
I mean, if you don't want to go to aerobic class, or...
So you go straight for a healing, vision, and angelic mix,
because he's gonna show how big his dick is
right here on TV.
Just, we'll just fade out here, Beth.
just catch this guy says ready and then he just follows the arrow and he also
picked the song with a woman's gonna have to stretch for like 20 seconds to
build this blank spot everybody starts gathering around and then you have these
little dance-offs look at him go I'm so fucking amazed
get a kick out of this okay Cara thanks a lot I could see my reflection listing
of area locations for dance dance dance revolution positive playstation by the
Pause it.
God, she did not go dance, dance, dance.
Yes, she just said dance, dance, dance, revolution.
Too big.
It's like either she read the teleprompter wrong
or something happened.
You're playing dance, dance, dance, revolution.
Oh, is there going to be a RPG mode?
Dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance, dance,
dance, revolution, revolution.
Let the bitch finish.
And Xbox is going to come out with a version that's DDR UltraMix, and
the one we have in our studio is thanks to Jim and Suzanne Eckes.
So check- Okay, and then that's it, it just cuts off.
Notice how they say nothing about economics in there.
They say nothing about, Max 2 is out now and you can buy it.
This is further proof that Microsoft is trying to buy out the world with this
stupid Xbox thing.
Because there's another place, and we'll talk about this later in the show,
where they have a huge advertisement for DDR.
On the Xbox, they say nothing about, oh, Max 2 available now.
It's all about, no, the Xbox version's coming out.
What?
When she said right at the beginning of the thing that she said for PlayStation.
But she was playing Kinomics.
She wasn't even playing what's available right now.
And thanks to these two people who are probably interns or something,
just brought it in.
I would have been like, oh, fuck this Yoshi bitch, man.
I want to fucking do doubles and kick his ass.
And be like, oh, man, that makes me so wet and hot
because he's so sexy, he's better than that Asian man.
Oh man, I want a piece of that.
And then they would have all been like,
oh my God, he is so cool.
You know what, Rob?
I think we need to write down and say,
hi, we host a radio station about Bimani
and we think you're stupid.
Love, Orange Zones Radio.
I will write that letter if you want me to.
I will write that letter telling them, you know,
that their article was-
They should interview us.
You know what though?
I don't think we need to waste our time with it.
I'm gonna be honest with you.
I just, you know, let it be, whatever.
We've got bigger fish to fry
than trying to get our faces on UPN network.
All right, if you want to watch that story
and laugh at it yourself,
the link is www.upn31.com
and Telemores Lounge Radio sent you.
The link there, by the way,
is on the bottom right of the page.
It says, Beth and Lloyd cut a rug in a video game dance-off.
Who the fuck says cut a rug anymore?
I just ate Taco Bell, and I've got to cut a rug right now.
Hello, and welcome to The Cut Piece.
That's cut the cheese.
Oh, man, I've got to cut a rug.
Rob, that's cut the cheese.
Whenever I hear cut a rug, it makes
me think of farting, or queefing, probably.
Ew.
I got to vibrate the rug a little bit.
Cutting a rug, isn't that what porn stars do, they get prepared for their videos, they
cut their rug and make sure the carpet's all trimmed.
That's called shaving their private area.
Cutting a rug doesn't make me think of dancing.
Dancing and cutting a rug are completely different.
To cut a rug, you have to be bent over in actually cutting the rug with a knife or something,
Whereas dancing, you're gyrating about to music, so I don't get it, stupid hippies.
All right, we're going to take a break, and when we come back, we're going to talk a little
bit about an interesting- We'll come back and take scissors to your
carpet here.
Yeah, and we're going to cut the rug here in the studio when we get back, and when we're
done cutting the rug, we'll get into the Orange Launch cage match, so make sure you're in
the chat room so you can vote in tonight's cage match.
And we're going to talk about a really interesting location, probably, dare I say it, the most
interesting place I've ever seen a DDR machine.
And I don't think I've seen a unique thing like this anywhere, so we'll talk about that
when we come back.
I have.
Have you?
All right, we'll talk about it when we come back.
This break, I think we're going to do some DDR Euro stuff.
So let's do some music from- Let's just have some Eurobeat, why not?
You want Eurobeat?
You want Para Para music this break?
for some palapala. Alright, we'll do that. We'll do God. People are going to hate us
for this one. Yeah, but Nastila's going to piss his pants. It'll be short and painless
you guys. Okay, we'll be back after some quick block of music from Parapara. We'll be back,
Orange Launch Radio.
Lost me, lost me, lost my power Turning evil, making evil, surfing forever
Clicking evil, cocking evil, starting to get
Every single level, play the level, dunking the well
And put them to dust during the morning of the night
I'm on fire, I'm on fire, I'm on fire, this is how ya
Make a second in your heart
I'm on fire, I'm on fire, I'm on fire, burning wire
It's the light of your life
Bang bang fire, bang bang fire, bang bang fire
This desire, big obsession in your heart
Bang bang fire, bang bang fire, bang bang fire
Burning wire, it's all into your life
Please don't listen to my word
Don't come too far, don't come now
Three, two, one
Hurry up, my little guy
Everyone is getting all the secrets, baby
Come on, baby, come on, boy
Won't you really be the only one here to talk to you?
You were saying to me, that fight is a future coming
You're all night, about five-two-thousand, come down
Three, two, one
I need to touch a body, touch a body, cause I don't want to talk about it, talk about
it now.
I need to move my body, move my body, please, don't wait for me, please, please, cause you
There's nothing on the night floor I'm looking for a yellow banana door
Take me like a sea prune and lay down all your body
I'll give you like a tune if the sun comes on down
Shake, shake, let me close down my body up
Look at the moon, light it all around
Time to stay on the night street
Light up, take off your suit and dance with me tonight
My sweet, my sweet banana
Yeah, yeah
I think of you every hour
My sweet, my sweet banana
I wanna dance till the morning, boy
My sweet, my sweet banana
I wanna feel like your mama
My sweet, oh, sweet banana
You know the fruit that I'm not against you
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, this is Orange Lounge Radio, welcome back to Orange
lounge radio. I believe we've been doing this show what? 66 weeks now. I think that is probably
only the second time I can ever remember us doing a para para music break.
You know what? I couldn't help it when Eurobeat was on. I found myself starting to do part
of that one. That was my first para para.
Those songs, by the way, for you guys, Tony and the main band don't know much about the
game. Boom Boom Fire was the first one. That was probably, I think for most of us, the
first PAH we learned. Not everybody, but most of us. It was my first PAH. The second one
was the club, the one named after the PAH club. Third was Eurobeat, my favorite PAH
PAH song, and last was My Sweet Banana, one of Jamie's favorite PAH PAH songs.
Some interesting comments made in the break there.
There was one about, I think Rice Princess was talking about how 2DX para para songs
are really cool.
They're like some of the better ones, and there needs to be more of them in 2DX.
Like if 2DX just needs more songs, just take some from Parma Para.
One of my early six stars was a Pata Pata song, and my first seven star was a Yerby.
Also I believe it was-
Actually, my first two sevens.
No, I take them back.
My second three, out of the first three that I passed, the second and third ones, were
Eurobeat.
Sorry.
My first one was Please Don't Go.
DD Archaholic was saying something about asking, have you ever driven to Eurobeat and Para
Music?
But you know what?
Para Para Paradise was the first soundtrack I ever bought.
I'll admit it.
It was the first Bimani soundtrack I ever bought, was Para Paradise.
And driving to that, that's the only time I think I ever hit 90 in my car, and I drive
like a grandma, okay?
You've been in the car with me with my Eurobeat.
I am a very safe, over-safe driver and when I put that CD in, I go like 90 miles an hour.
You've been in the car with me with my Eurobeat.
I don't remember who I was.
It was Ryan, somebody said that I get all cool when I drive with Eurobeat.
I was like, what do you mean by cool?
He was like aggressive.
What do you think happened with Parapara?
I want to ask this question to anybody who wants to answer.
What happened with Para Para?
It came out.
It was the coolest fucking thing on the block.
Everybody wanted to go to Milpitas Golf Line to play at Para Para because it was like,
oh, it's like DDR but it's your hands.
Then what happened next?
Probably a month later, it didn't come down to about a month later when people were finally
realizing oh, there are set dances you're supposed to do to these things.
And then it kind of turned into this big dancing thing.
And I remember there was a time where you could go to a place like Milpitas Golf Line
And there'd be one person up on the machine, there'd be 20
people behind him doing the same thing.
And that was the cool thing to do.
And then all of a sudden, huge fucking backlash
against Para Para.
And then it just became the people who held out versus
Para Para Para versus everybody else.
And I even admit that I was totally into Para when it
first came out.
I bought the soundtrack.
And then there was just a day when I was finally listening
to it going, this all fucking sounds the same.
And that was it.
I was done with Para Para.
And I think it was about the time it was released for the
home version.
I taught myself four pa-pa-pa's so I could go to the arcade and blend in with the crew
crowd.
And then I just didn't give a shit anymore and I didn't really care about anything.
I remember when RBGL got the pa-pa-pa machine.
I remember that too.
And there were people who were staring at that scratch in their butts going, ugh, what
do we do?
And then we got up there and Rick ate the paper that says, do not shadow.
Oh yeah, it was great because at Sunnyvale Golf Land, their machine used to have a big
sign on it saying do not shadow because if you've been to Sunnyvale Golf Land you can't
fucking walk down the aisle if there's anybody standing in it, right?
So you don't want to have people standing there shadowing and it was like this big thing
too because Sunnyvale Golf Land is kind of where the backlash sort of began I think.
A lot of those people who think they're cooler than everybody else kind of started that whole
thing and then they had the big sign on there that said don't shadow.
Well what ended up happening, that machine got moved from Sunnyvale to Roseville Golf
Land.
The first day it came in one of our regulars over there took the paper off the machine
and ate it. It was hilarious and we have a picture of it hanging out of his mouth. Kind
of a symbolic thing like, kind of, screw you, we're going to do what we want.
And I remember, it would usually be, I'd play, you'd shadow, and someone else would shadow
too. One of the people in the shadow. Who else was it? Was it Anita?
No, this was when we first knew Anita. I don't remember.
So there was a couple of people, just the parents were funny.
Oh yeah.
They'd be like, huh, we're stupid, what you doing?
Some different theories from the chat room as to what happened to Para Para
and why it's not cool anymore.
Snubdismoid says, I think people saw themselves playing.
That's what it ended.
When somebody just saw themselves playing and went, God, I look like an ass.
I don't really care.
Stapler X says, looks just like another passing Japanese trend.
I think for me, is I stopped going to RVGL.
That's a big part of it too.
I would say...
I play when we go to Miggle.
You know what?
People look stupid when they play DDR too.
So I don't know if people seeing themselves playing is necessarily a turn off, because
you look just as stupid playing DDR.
And in fact, like Dance Maniacs, that's the worst.
Okay.
Okay, I love Dance Maniacs, and you know what, I'm fucking building a Dance Maniacs machine.
My machine covers everything, but Dance Maniacs is part of it, so there.
I'm just saying, that's cool, I love Dance Maniacs too, but you look like a total boob
playing it.
I mean, that's the thing.
Hey, Rob?
Yeah, but it's fun, it doesn't matter.
What?
You said boob.
I did say boob.
Okay, SD Driftking says my DWI is equal to forearm exercise.
You don't want to know what my forearm exercise is.
Moving on to the next topic.
Actually, I want to address DDRgolic's idea about what happened.
She says, I think what happened is all the haters started being haters and ruined it
for everyone.
Well, you know what I say, if haters are bothering you, you need to fight hate with hate.
stand for that shit. Outnumber them and make fun of them. That is how you're going to stop
the haters. You fight hate with hate. We used to fight them with making fun of them. I remember.
And it worked. The people that make fun of DDR, we would totally, we would just like,
we'd gang up on them, like some kind of geek gang. We'd like all, remember the guy that
made fun of me one night playing DDR and then like 10 of us, we all just kind of like jumped
him, like sort of thing. We were like, hey, you want to get up there and fight him? You
play against him and he ran to the bathroom and cried and you offered to pay for his game and then
there's all those other people who i would just have thrown out haha guess what if you're gonna
make fun of us then you don't just play anything all right i think it was because you know um
submitting you know uh kind of playing pair of pairs kind of like almost just like converting
over to being metrosexual. That's why people weren't playing it, because they're afraid
of the bright, shiny side, if you would like to call it that.
What do you think would happen if you were to show that to the folks from Queer Eye for
the Straight Guy? I've never watched that show.
Crab people, I think. Even the Queer Eye for the Straight Guy people would go, okay, that
is too gay. Get that out of your house. That's too gay. Too gay.
Well, you want to know what, though, before- It's going to be in this house.
Before there was a pata pata, though, I don't know if you remember, but there's videos that
I found way back when.
Yeah, the pata videos.
No, the ones where they were demoing the game in Japan with the little girls with their
flowery shirts doing the pata pata on the machine.
It's because the little Japanese girls are fucking hot, and they're like, I'll do whatever
you want.
And then also, the guy got that guy, Bucky, to fucking come over here and just beat ass.
If he was the main star of the game, people would be just falling over that game.
Jumping backwards a little bit, about three people in the chat room because of the buffer
are asking, what is metrosexual?
Apparently you haven't watched South Park, but anyway, metrosexual is where you act
gay, but you're not gay.
It's kind of like being high in fashion stuff and that type of thing.
Metrosexual is being gay to get chicks.
It's like the thing where five years ago, make fun of gays, can them, all this stuff.
Trust me.
I was afraid to come out for a long time because I didn't want to face this backlash.
Now, five years later, if you're gay, you're cool.
It's like being metrosexual is being one of those guys that's kind of up there going
on a date with some woman at a candlelight dinner, yeah, I blew a guy once, just experimenting,
thing and that's supposed to like make them more attractive you know I think
it's better to be that than manual than manual sexual it's just like that means
yeah anyways it's like you know I think it's just like you know okay define it
manual has to do with using your hands okay it's like it's like you know how
smoking was cool back in the 90s and stuff it's like being gay is cool now
in like the year 2000 and so on. Next year will be like bestiality or something. It's
just it's fads. Hey kids, be cool. Fuck a sheep. All right. Yeah, I know gay people
are cool. Okay, somebody in the town was saying gay people are cool. Leave being gay to the
gay people, okay? We're good at it, okay? Why don't you leave being gay to the gay people
And like, if you're straight, good for you.
If you're bi, hooray.
OK, now I'm being corrected on this too.
If it's metrosexual or metrosexual, it's either or.
They mean the same thing.
People say it either way, because metro, hetero, get it?
Metro is like city.
Well, right, a metro is kind of what it's supposed to be.
But people say metro, it's kind of formed into that.
Metrosexual.
They're saying in the chat room, Ben Affleck
is a perfect definition of a metrosexual.
I would say more like Justin Timberlake is a perfect example of someone who's metrosexual.
He does all these really fucking gay things like being an NSYNC, right?
Yet, he's blinking Britney Spears.
Not anymore.
Not anymore, but he can say something that 99% of straight guys dream of.
He banged Britney Spears before she went lesbosexual or whatever it's called when a woman goes,
cool to be gay by making out with Madonna. He's like, I was so good she could never have
another man after me. That's why she's gone lesbian and that's even hotter. Anyway, so
the moral of the story is, leave being gay to the gay people. Be accepting, but be straight,
okay? That's all we ask. Going back to my live journal post about national
whatever days. You know what? They need to have National Blowjob Day. They do have all
these sex appreciation day, masturbation day. I'm sure they have a blowjob day somewhere
on the calendar, Jamie. You just don't have it penciled in. You know what? That's because
they're gross. I will look it up. Loki is going to look up National Blowjob Day for
you all. Okay, let's shift gears a little bit. I want to ask a question to the chat
room, going back to something actually Bahmani related. Send this to me over private message
by the way, because I'll read these later. I want to hear from people who aren't in Sacramento
first off. Thank you guys for listening, our local friends, but I want to hear from people
outside of Sacramento. I want to hear the strangest place you've ever seen a Bahmani
machine, whether it be DDR or something like that. I want to hear the strangest place you've
ever seen a DDR or some kind of Bimani machine? Because what we found out this week, let's
rewind to Monday, Monday vanilla sky. After vanilla sky was over, lanky style rice princess
and I, we all went to Walmart to do some shopping or at least I was shopping. I wanted to go
buy cheesy poofs basically. So I was going to Walmart to buy some cheesy poofs and hold
on.
October 3rd.
Loki says national blowjob day is October 3rd
It's also national go commando day, so
National blowjob day is October 3rd, so if you missed national blowjob day. I want you to celebrate tonight, okay?
So here's your chance to make that point
Happy belated anyone to participate with you then get some flexibility all right there you go now
Can I get back on the topic of strange moly machines okay?
So send me a private message, strangest place you've ever seen a Bimani machine, I'm Skye
in the chat room over at www.calibimani.com, click on Orange Lounge and click on chat.
The No Skye went to get cheesy poofs and usually, whenever I go to Wal-Mart I can't help but
go into the electronics department because they have cheap electronics.
Cheap mouses, cheap CDs, cheap games, cheap everything because Wal-Mart is the land of
everything cheap.
But for whatever reason, on this Monday we went to toys and games, we went to stuffed
animals and things like that.
We did not go into the electronics department.
Come to find out Tuesday morning, this comes up on the boards at sacramonday.com, hey guys,
did you hear?
Walmart got a DDR machine.
And I'm thinking to myself, no they didn't.
I was just there at the Walmart in Folsom on Monday and there was no DDR machine to
be found.
Well, it turns out this DDR machine is smack in the middle of the electronics department
at Walmart. Now, most Walmarts, I think, are all laid out the same. For those listening
internationally, Walmart is this huge chain of stores in the U.S. Big, big, big store
that sells everything. Most Walmarts, I think, are laid out the same. So like when you walk
in the electronics department, you have your CDs off to one side and then off to the other
side in this Walmart, giant DDR solar machine just standing right there. Fully operational,
It takes 50 cents to play three songs or get three coins or whatever it is.
Now I've heard of a Walmart having a DDR machine out in the front arcade or an arcade on the
side, but I have never heard of a machine anywhere in the middle of a fucking store.
So of course, couldn't resist, had to go play it today.
I had to go rent some errands anywhere at Walmart, so I went to go play the Solar 2000
machine.
And again, I want to state, this isn't like the Walmart and Lodi or other places that
had it in the front, or in a separate arcade.
This Solo 2000 machine is right smack in the middle of the electronics department, so as
everybody's walking by, people can look at it.
The machine is not for sale, they're not trying to sell it.
In fact, they even have a sign on the Solo 2000 machine that says, hey, the Xbox music
game, they changed it, I guess they updated it, but last week it said, hey, the Xbox music
generator's coming out on such and such day, I got nothing to do with you.
They changed it today.
It says Xbox DDR coming out November 18th, right?
Again, says nothing about the PlayStation Max 2.
It says nothing about the already available DDRs out
there on PlayStation.
It's all about promoting the Xbox.
It's almost like Microsoft bought them that machine and
put it in the store.
I don't know.
But now we have this DDR solar machine in
the middle of Walmart.
It won't be there for long because the parents will see
the needles and the barely dressed nurse.
That's what I was thinking.
Walmart.
king of censors. This is the one reason I won't really buy CDs at Wal-Mart. I'll look
and see what's new, but I won't buy, because I fucking hate that Wal-Mart censors the albums.
You go to buy an album at Wal-Mart, and you will buy the desensitized version. Look at
the fine print, look on the label, and you will see that a CD you're buying at Wal-Mart
is the edited version, meaning they've taken out all the fucks and shits and cop killer
Even a CD like Madonna's American Life that just came out, the Walmart version in track
one, the first song, they took Fuck It out because, oh, heaven forbid, we're going to
hurt our children.
That is so horrible.
I don't think things should be changed like that.
Somebody wants to say fuck, let them say fuck.
Put the sticker on it that says, caution, this CD says fuck on it and then don't let
parents...
That's another case of companies taking responsibility for other people's children.
Why should Walmart do that?
They shouldn't.
Why don't they just not sell the CD that says, caution, the CD has the word fuck in it.
If the parents don't want the children to listen to something with bad language in it,
they need to freak and police what their children are doing themselves.
Walmart should not have to institute these kinds of policies, but they do because they're
run by the religious right.
a whole other story. I prefer calling them the religious wrongs.
Anyway, that's a discussion for a whole other show. Yes, thank you. Excellent point by Leadfoot
in the chat room. Yet, they sell rated M games in the gaming section. They'll sell rated
M games, but heaven forbid they sell a CD with the word fuck on it.
It's just a video game, Rob. How bad could it be?
I know. Did you hear about these parents that are suing the makers of Grand Theft Auto because
some people got shot. No, it's not the parents. It's the relatives of the victims who got
shot because some kids went out and imitated Grand Theft Auto. Sue the kids' parents for
being idiots. Yeah, seriously. It's not the game's fault. It's the damned impressionable
people. They're the social sheep of the world. Anyway. They could be just taken off and shot
or something. Anyway, back to DDR before we got off on a little bit of a tan. Back to
DDR in the middle of Walmart. It's quiet. You can't really hear it unless you're on
it. The pad is so close to the machine that literally I'm 6'2". This is the first time
I've ever played DDR. I have to look down to see the machine. I have to look down to
see the screen. It's really weird. It should be just about right for me. Oh, jazz makes
an excellent point in the chat room. Get up and move is in DDR solo 2000 which has the
word fuck in it. Oh no. I'm going to go there and play get up and move over and over and
I am like Yoshi.
How does that work where they were paying you to play?
What do they do?
They're all here.
We'll give you a hippie sense.
We're supposed to give you a hippie sense so you can play this.
It's just because of people that aren't there paying attention.
There's one nice guy though that's been there the last few times.
He offered to pay for my games.
He did for one of them.
I was like, no, that's cool.
I got the other ones.
I don't want him to just pay me to play the game, but it was all right.
It's kind of cool.
I just don't like their pads because they're like squishy and they hurt my ankles when
you play it with like the wrong kind of shoes, but I think it's kind of cool what they're
doing.
It's just like for some reason, UltraMix is getting a lot of press it seems like for me
because I mean, look at you have the news story, you've got like machines in stores.
It's like that's all your hair runs this goddamn UltraMix, I don't know.
It's like they're really pushing this one.
The Walmartrion, they're dubbing it in the chat room.
The Walmartrion is located in Folsom, California, on Riley
Street, I think it is.
Yeah, that's where the, you will find a DDR solar machine
in the electronics department.
In other words, way out in the little nowhere.
I want to hear if any other Walmarts are doing this.
So check your local Walmart and let us know if your
Walmart's done this.
Maybe this is the one in Lodi.
Maybe, maybe they moved that one in Lodi, who knows.
Anyway, I want to get back to the question I posed earlier
to the chat room and read their responses here.
We've got a whole bunch, so let's hear about some strange
places, huh?
Let's see.
Zodiac Knight says, the strangest place you ever saw a
DER machine was at a tri-county flea market.
DER machine and flea market.
The tri-county flea market.
Baca says, strangest place you ever saw a DDR machine was in a pizza parlor.
Well, it's kind of a weird sight at first, but yeah, it's kind of common where we are.
We see, let's see, Bumlover says, I saw a DDR machine in my butt, wow, that's so mature,
thank you for sharing.
No Stylin says, Walmart once had a Beatmania 5 key before DDR became popular.
That was kind of strange.
Snub Disinoid says, pump it up in the middle of an airport in Brazil.
Listen, like right in the middle of the fucking terminal.
That's kind of cool.
Pump it up machine right in the middle of the Brazil airport.
Jazz kind of cites a pizza parlor as well and the Beatmania in Walmart.
John Field says, a pizza hut, would you like cheese on your
pads, he says.
So a lot of pizza parlors kind of be in a strange place
for you to go.
I think the reason why the pizza parlor thinks.
I know one, a McDonald's.
I've heard of one being in the McDonald's.
What, Loki, say that in the?
A McDonald's.
Loki says a McDonald's.
There's also, I was told this, there was a BeatMania 6 mix, I
think, in the middle of the mall outside the arcade in
Mobile, which I'm going to actually go see if that
machine is there or not when I'm there?
OK, I'm not even going to read that one,
because that makes sense.
I said strange place, see a DDR machine.
Seeing a DDR Extreme machine in the Metreon, says StaplerX.
That's a strange sign.
That is a strange sign, because they held out
for the longest time.
And then says a DDR machine in a bowling alley by my college.
It's in great shape because no one ever plays it
except the occasional drunken bowler.
There's colleges.
They have a solo basement.
And also, seeing a DDR machine outside of the CBS studios
in New York.
John Fields wants to remind us of that when the CBS Today
show or whatever the hell it's called
did their little thing on location.
And that thing was really stupid.
Yeah, it was really stupid.
Tapioca Express, having a DDR machine,
that was always kind of funny.
one that's nearly dead now.
is at the arcade in the Winchester Mystery House. Really? Yes. I think it was short lived though.
Is this getting off all the ghosts? I don't know. The fact that they have an arcade at
the Winchester Mystery House is strange enough. I want to go there. Okay, a couple last responses
here, and then we're going to get into the cage match.
Strange DDR machine places.
StaplerX says, one being in San Francisco's Chinatown, just
out in the middle of an alley somewhere.
I remember there supposedly being a Solo 2000 machine
somewhere there, so maybe that's the case.
Or maybe somebody realized Solo 2000 is just kind of old, so
somebody just kind of chucked it in the alley.
And then, oh, a DDR Solo machine in the middle of the
baseball field.
Rayleigh's Field here in Sacramento has a Solo 2000 machine just right there out on
the, what do they call that, the course, the, what the hell do they call that, or the concourse?
Thank you.
The concourse.
The concourse.
Yeah.
All right.
All right.
Let's get into the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
Whoops.
Wow.
That was a gay little cage match there for a minute.
Last week in the Orange Lounge Radio cage match was a tie and it came down to Jamie
having to cast a tiebreaker vote via the internet.
And she chose in a tiebreaker above and beyond with a song, Far From In Love.
The way the cage match works, just a reminder, we're going to play three songs for you guys.
You vote for your favorite.
The winning song goes into rotation on Orange Lounge Radio all week long.
So the only way you can participate is to be in our chat room www.calibomani.com click
on orange lounge and click on chat.
Alright here's the first song you can vote for tonight and you only hear a clip of it
because it won last week.
So here's a long clip of above and beyond with the song far from in love tonight's first
pick for the Orange Launch Radio Cage Match.
Like a fire burns in the mood, I know this is where it ends
In the ashes we are dying, I'm a stranger
Only friends fly from the night
From the night
You know I don't know how to feel so far away
Gonna let me in
From all the love inside you
Now I've missed your touch
I've missed your touch
I've missed your touch
I miss you so much
Far from it all
I'm trying to show all the love that is built up inside
All right, that was song number one, last week's winner, Above and Beyond with Far From
in Love.
All right, second song in tonight's cage match, you get to hear the whole thing and it's kind
a long one but it's Loki's pick and he has picked for you. It's a remix, it's a white
label remix of Broken Wings by Mr. Mr and I guess this one's also by Emotion, it's a
group. It's remixed by a group on the internet, well it's a group of DJs, all women called
the Diva DJs and it's pretty sweet so I just found this today because I was looking for
White Label remixes.
Alright here's song number two in tonight's cage match emotion featuring mr. Mr. With a song called broken wings. Enjoy
Get ready to experience DIVA DJ ReMix.
the
the
the
the
the
We can't just talk to each other's hands
This time might be the last of the year
Listen, make it up to me, I need you so
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Singing these broken wings.
Learn the mind.
Learn the lips of freedom.
And when we hear you, the voices sing
The folk of love hang up and let us sing
Let us see
Let us see
Let us see
We can take what was wrong, and make it right.
Make it right
Yeah
I know I can't
Baby
Is all I know
That you're half of the flesh
And love that makes me whole
I need something like you
Hey baby, we're the broken wings
Long live the rest of me
When we meet
But with me
I've got nothing
And I pray
Okay, that was song number two tonight, Emotion, featuring Mr. Mr. with Broken Wings.
Let's go around and see what everybody thought of that.
We'll start off with our guest, Bradley, tonight.
That was okay, I didn't really get into it very much.
I'll give it a seven.
I love the 80s, so it gets a 10, because it's one of my favorite 80s songs.
You know, I love the 80s too, but even the original put me to sleep instead of that one, so it gets a 7.
It wasn't a bad mix, but it was pretty damn repetitive.
I can't find my inhaler.
At 3 minutes in length, that song would have gotten a 10, but at 7 minutes in length, it gets a 7.
I don't know, I can't find my inhaler.
Alright.
Okay, let's move on to the last song in tonight's cage match, which would be Jamie's pick.
This song is cool and I had it on repeat 10 times today.
Here's song number three tonight, you can vote for CyberX featuring Rapinoe with Like
a Flower.
I don't want to die without you
upper
middle
mid
lower
mid
lower
middle
one
two
three
four
five
six
seven
seven
eight
nine
ten
nine
nine
ten
nine
one
two
three
four
five
six
Oh
Oh
I
I can't wait to see you in the next video!
I can't wait to see you in the next video!
As long as I stay away, don't only lose hope,
Okay, that was song number three for tonight.
That was CyberX featuring Rapinna with Lil Flower.
Let's go around and see what folks thought of that.
Bradley, you're going to need to grab this mic unless you get up and grab Jamie's.
What'd you think, Bradley?
This is okay.
Her voice sort of got to me a little bit.
I didn't really like the voice all that much. Wait a second. I'll give it a 6.
Okay. Loki.
This is okay. I'll give it a 6.
I like that way better than the song you picked last week, actually.
Sounds very IU-trans to me, actually.
I seriously thought I was listening to IU-trans for a minute there.
I seriously would give that a 10, except I think it needs to be a little tighter.
Same problem I had with the last song.
So, I give it like a... I give it a nine. It's not bad. I could stand listening to that.
I think I like best that it kept changing throughout the whole song, all the background did.
So, I give it a nine and a half. I haven't listened to it all day, so...
I want a trans version of the Chicken Dance.
You know, I have one.
I actually, yeah. Haven't you been threatening to put that in for a while now?
Perhaps.
We'll see.
Okay, so let's review the three songs you can vote for tonight, shall we?
Let's start off with song number one.
It's last week's winner and the song is called, it's above and beyond with a song called Far
From In Love.
I don't like that clip.
Song number two you can vote for tonight is Emotion featuring Mr. Mr. with Broken Wings.
Here's a clip of that.
here is song number three you can vote for tonight, which is Cyber X featuring Rupina
with a song called Little Flower.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. My mouse is being over-scented today. Okay, let's try that again.
There you go. There's your three songs you can vote for tonight. Place votes now. Send
a private message to Sky in the chat room with your vote and we'll tally up those votes
and let you know in a little while who won tonight's cage match. Doesn't that sound exciting?
We need to do something else soon too. What's that?
What are we best known for, Rob? Ranting, the FUs of the week? Yeah! We'll do those
in a little bit. We'll do those next break or something. What is Loki whispering to me
here? He's whispering something to me. I'm on top of it. I'm on top of it. I did not
need to be prompted. While Loki ran off to the bathroom, I was going to have him do a
I don't know that I'll be able to play the show, but I may have some degree of internet
access so at least I'll be in the chat room.
I'll have pre-shows done, I'll have my cage match picks in case, you know, the winner
don't.
So, I'll be there in spirit, maybe I'll eat some beef and pee so you can smell my beefy
pee.
Hooray!
For those who were listening in the first hour of the show.
I said I don't eat beef.
I'll eat some asparagus.
Okay.
It has some really stinky pee.
That'll work.
So, going off, let's plug the spin-off shows, what's going on on the spin-off shows, because
I want to know what's going to happen in public volume.
Monday nights on the station, Vanilla Sky.
Tomorrow night we're going to be talking about some big news in the Final Fantasy world that
came up this week.
Let's talk about that and Castlevania for review and break down on our thoughts on the
new Castlevania and other stuff that we usually talk about on Vanilla Sky, just randomness.
As I kind of compare it, it's sort of that Oprah show on Oxygen, the one that's after
the real Oprah show.
I do not watch Oxygen.
I've just heard about it. I've never heard of it. Oh, forget it. Tell us what's on Tuesday
nights, Jamie. Pump up the volume. Starting at seven o'clock with the pre-show. I don't
know what time my show starts. Seven o'clock with the pre-show. 730 starts the show show.
If you are in the chat room, you can request shit. I'll play it, because I'm nice like
Although I may be doing requests, I may have to be a little bit more judicious because
I'm going to be recording this one because it's going to repeat while I'm in Alabama.
The week after though, I'm doing the show on Monday because I will be on an airplane
on Tuesday.
Right.
So our show will swap next week.
We're going to swap next week, but I've pre-recorded, I recorded last week's show
and I'm going to record this week's show again.
And you'll get to hear them if you miss them, which you have no excuse to have missed them.
I kick you.
It's over at 1030 and you have to be in the chat room or else you miss the full experience.
That's right, just like with this show.
Anything else to plug with the volume?
Give me drugs.
Okay. Wednesday nights, coming back the week after next, if I'm not mistaken. You gonna be ready for it, Loki? The week after next?
Uh, yeah.
Week after next comes what?
I'll be as ready as I normally am.
Moving to Wednesdays is?
Is, uh, I'm just kidding. Livewire.
Lesbian hookers in outer space, Loki presents. No.
Ooh. I like that.
I like that.
Well, change it to bondage lesbian hookers from outer space.
And what happens on bondage lesbian hookers from outer space?
I play music while bondage lesbian hookers from outer space entertain me.
Sounds good.
November is going to be a big month for the station.
I swear to God we will have a new website done.
I have so many ideas for the website.
I want it to be so comprehensive.
I just fucking suck at designing websites.
We need pictures first.
Get the pictures.
Bust the pictures.
I want a website.
I want pictures.
I want a website.
Website?
No, pictures.
I'll take pictures right now.
I don't want pictures.
None of me.
I'll have to make some for you on Patreon.
We can just, like, do a picture of, like, some character from, you know, 2DX or something.
DJ Celica.
There you go.
Why don't I just give you all the pictures I made of Dark Sakura?
No!
Well, you're going to be the junior senior robot now, so I swear to God we'll have a
new website this month at some point because I'm sick of the old one.
I want to be the junior senior robot.
We have a new location for the site that we're going to unveil too and everything.
It's going to be coming up.
We have all that and then we have some new specials.
We're planning for November.
We're going to be doing some new specials.
I just got an idea for one today that's going to take a lot of work, but it's going to be
really fucking cool if I can pull it off. So we're going to do that. Yes. So we're going
to work on that for November. Also in November, the whole way you hear Orange Lounge Radio
will probably be changing. We're going to sound even better. Even though you're still
on the modem line, if you have an MP3 codec, we're going to sound even better. That's coming
in November. And of course you can't forget episode 69. Episode 69 and unfortunately Jamie
won't be here for episode 69, but she will be here for episode 70, which I think is what
I said would be the season four premiere, but I'm not sure. I'm not sure yet. So lots
of stuff coming to Orange Launch Radio in November, which makes sense because it's November
sweeps. All right. We're going to take a break and I'm going to tally up the votes to the
cage match. Last call for votes on the Orange Launch cage match, by the way, while we take
this break. The chat room is asking, since we're kind of doing these themed breaks tonight
of a certain Bimani game.
The chat room is begging, please can we do an oha break?
So I'm saying sure, let's do an oha break tonight.
So we're going to hear the oha ska and we'll hear why,
the zona song and we'll hear candy.
We'll be back and you're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Don't forget to subscribe to this channel and like and share the video
Thank you so much for watching
I hope you like the video
I love you
Thank you so much
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
I love you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Oh
Don't give it up, don't give it up, you're a star
La, da.
La, da, la, la, la.
La, da.
La, da, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Oh
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do you want to be accepted by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Bimani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, also coming in November. New promos!
We're getting rid of all the old promos, all of them.
No, we're getting rid of all the old promos and replacing them with new ones.
Okay, well, yeah, the ones with other people in them we'll keep, like Mel and Step Squad.
But the other ones, forget it, they're gone.
All right.
Welcome back to the show.
We'll get into the FUs of the week in a little bit.
But, Loki, you ran off to the bathroom before I could ask for a Sim update
and what's going on in the Sim world this week.
And I know there's at least Tourney Mix 4th Plus.
Good God, TourneyMix 4th Plus is going on drei.com, so go there if you really give a shit.
I've lost all hope in TourneyMixes anymore. I really just don't care anymore.
I don't plan on entering them. I don't really care. I just...
I haven't played set maybe in months. I'm waiting until my cabinet's done, then I'll play on that.
But, really, I don't like people's sim files anymore.
There's only a few people's sim files that I download anymore,
and the rest, just fuck it.
I don't even download them anymore.
And to be honest, the Japanese people make better sim files
than you fucking Americans and Europeans will ever make.
So shut up.
There's only a few of you that are any good,
and you know what, and you people know who you are,
so the hell with all of you, everyone else.
everyone else. There's only like, what? Three people. Okay, let's see. We've got that Matt
guy. We've got Utterdude. They're awesome. We've got the people at DWI and Sandy. They
make really awesome sim files. And of course, Healing Vision is part of them. Those are
the only people that make any good sim files. You know what it is? You know what it is?
Turning Mix has turned into the new Para Para. When it was first out, everybody thought it
was cool, and now it's cool to make fun of it. That's what's going on. It's because they
to keep adding more and more rules to it.
And it's just retarded.
But the thing is also, there's another group that was pretty
good, too, in making sim files.
I can't remember who they are.
It's like the DWI New World Order or some
crap like that.
That was all right.
But the Japanese people make awesome sim files better than
you'll ever make.
And they've been doing it for years.
So just give up.
Just stop.
And that's it.
Do people still make stuff for BM-98?
Yeah.
Oh, man, the stuff for BM-98 is awesome.
I love BM-98.
I'm sorry, but it takes a lot more talent to create a BMS
file for BM-98 than it will for StepMania or DWI.
We're talking key sounds.
They arrange it.
They make their own songs.
I remember playing BM-98 before I had even seen DDR.
it's just so much
so is so often
and you know i'm so sick of hearing about the money where because
the guys who will be quit making bw eyes
well here's a girl how many years ago you know i'm going to be prepared to
look like that being too hard to write
and yet he keeps making them
if you're going to quit
you quit
you don't keep going back
and equating again
no one cares you like fighting michael jordan
and he sucks now
He's the Hulk Hogan of the Bimani world.
It just stopped.
Just stopped making sim files.
But you know, the few people out there that make actual
good sim files, you know, I'm willing to try a few new ones
that new people out.
But a lot of times, they just suck.
You get one sim file that's a 12-foot rating, and it's just
shit, so whatever.
I just delete the rest and play the few that are good.
You are no longer after creating the largest step file
collection on the internet, correct?
I don't care.
It's just I don't really care anymore.
I download one of everything I don't have, but I'm not
actively pursuing to have a huge collection because I'll
You're not trying to have the largest step file penis on the
internet, basically.
Well, I probably just want to have the best looking.
No, I don't really care anymore.
Mine just looks nice.
It's, it's, you know, my penis is quite, quite nice, but, but my Simphon collection, I don't really care, because I don't play it anymore, so, well, not until my cabinet's done, and once that's done, I'll play it again, but, you know, I don't need to sort through, like, 6,000 songs to find something I want to play, because that just takes too long, so, to hell with it.
Oh, and there's some pretty cool skins out there you might want to check out for StepMania Trans Machina, which is a good one I mentioned back a while ago.
You might want to go check that out. I believe it's in the StepMania thread or skinning, you can find it.
And then I'm sure there's been some StepMania updates because DWI Denver updates, so screw that.
And if you go to, I think it's ddramerica.com or something like that, it's that BitTorrent site I mentioned a few weeks back.
They have the full set of the Max2USA stuff already done,
which I already downloaded.
I could have done it a long time ago, but I just don't
care, so there.
All right, that's it.
That's all that I care about.
Let's talk about, since it kind of relates to STEP files,
let's talk about this whole Into the Groove thing that's
coming out here.
can you bring that up for us
yes that's right we're going to talk about Into the Groove tonight
not the Madonna song but you know
I'll take an excuse to play Madonna
a few things
that are good about this
first off you've got Keel making some of the music
alright what the hell is Into the Groove don't tell me what's in it
tell me what the hell is it
Into the Groove
is going to be
a new arcade software, very similar to the DDR, that's supposed to be hitting arcades.
And it's Linux-based, which whoop-a-dee-doo. But anyways, it's Linux-based, which means
geeks made it. Big fucking geeks made it. But here's the thing. It's created by Chris
Danford. He's working on it. He's the guy behind StepMania. So there's a lot of similarities
to StepMania on there. It's pretty much a lawsuit waiting to happen, but they quote
that it's, you know, too, it's very different from DDR, but looking at the screen, I have
to differ. It doesn't look like it's very different at all. And it looks kind of craptastic,
but anyways, they've got some nifty stuff on there, like they've got a mode where you
can play where there's four arrows, just like DDR, but they're on the four sides of the
screen, and so the arrows are coming out of the center towards the outside, which is kind
cool now it's a little different not exactly fun to play but you know it's
there then they've got you know the normal modifiers like dizzy and sudden
and expand there are featured in step mania so I don't know and they have like
some songs on there that are licensed songs supposedly I guess they're getting
licensing for these I don't think that's gonna happen but whatever that's
interesting because I see on this sample screenshot they've got atom bomb by fluke
Which is like that generic trance song that's on every compilation CD ever, but it's a cool song, so whatever
Baby got Adam ball, and then what Romeo and Juliet I've never heard of a lot of these other songs actually
Maybe you know these I don't but you said now this is what's interesting
Is that people in the DDR world are getting into this you said that keel was possibly having licensed songs on it
Oh, he does and he's like, um, where'd he go?
I remember when I read this, it says about Rockstar, he's on the staff, he's doing music
on it, and Chris Danford is doing some other stuff on it, because we play a Keel original
song on his table, we've actually been playing it for the past two years, I think it's time
for us to change it, but I'm just saying, he's kind of been known in the Bimani scene
a little while for making some good originals that would be good for DDR, so it's just kind
of ironic that this is now going to end up in a DDR style game.
Well, it's not too surprising because he has some of the songs I believe that are on, I
want to say they're on that Flash game, that Flash DDR.
Oh my gods, maybe they'll license Neo Max.
Oh god, I don't give a shit.
For those of you that keep telling me that Neo Max is going to be in a DDR mix, shut
up.
Just shut up.
Nobody cares.
That is like the most overrated thing ever, ever.
It's more overrated than... I don't know, but just shut up.
More overrated than max.period.
Yeah.
Oh.
Well, I don't know.
I actually think I may prefer neo-max to max.period, but fucking, who cares?
Neo-max will never be on a DDR type machine because they only put good files in DDR.
OK, once again, this goes back to what I was saying before.
Why the fuck won't people let me put in a StepMania-based PC
in a DDR machine, and we'll just do it that way.
Since most of the DDR machines are violating copyright laws
anyways because they have licensed music that's out of
this country that don't share the licensing in the US,
basically, it's like an import CD or whatever.
So they're pretty much all illegal anyways over here in
the first place.
So obviously, Kami's not doing anything about that.
If we have it in one arcade, and there's bootleg machines
up the ass that no one's doing anything about.
So no one's obviously going to give a shit if you put your
own songs in an arcade machine.
Except the only people that would bitch about it,
ironically, are the people that love DDR, which they're
shooting themselves in the foot, so to speak.
But I don't understand why they just don't do that.
In fact, I'm trying to push that on our local arcade here.
but no one seems to be biting.
Do you think Konami is going to sue the pants off these people
that put this, if this game ends up in an arcade?
Do you think Konami is going to sue the pants off them?
Yes, maybe.
Don't you think that's a little odd?
I don't know.
Will they?
Because the rumor is, now rumor was a while back.
I don't know if this was true or not.
I'm saying it's a rumor.
But rumor was one of the reasons that Konami arcade mix is you
stopped seeing them is because they ran into trouble
with the folks that made Pump It Up, some kind of like thing
where Pump It Up got the copyright
to make dancing machines in the U.S. Yeah, and the Miro,
the folks that made Pump It Up had the copyrights on U.S. machines,
even though they haven't done shit with it either.
I mean, God.
Yeah, but Pump It Up, it's just not as exciting.
I don't know what Pump It Up is doing wrong.
I can't put my finger on it.
It just isn't as good.
And I'm sorry if you're a fan of Pump It Up, but there's just something about it.
It's just not the same as DDR.
It's not, and it's not the fact that it's five.
It's just the interface, the giant screen, the songs are subpar.
I don't know what it is, but Pump It Up is not the same as DDR.
Anyway, so I think it was something like DDR sued Pump It Up overseas.
And so Pump It Up got the rights in America and then sued DDR here,
something like that.
That's the way the rumor went.
So would Konami really have a right to step in and sue?
Whether you did the step mania machine in some arcade or...
Look at it, Konami hasn't sued step mania. If I were Konami, if I had written
DDR, I would have sued the pants off of step mania
years ago.
I was just going to say as far as that lawsuit was concerned, it was
basically, I think it was overruled.
That they were considered different, therefore
I'll find the stuff on it, but I believe that nothing came of it.
So, basically another frivolous lawsuit that resulted in nothing. Hooray. Hooray for the judicial system.
I think this is just people responding to Konami's of America's unwillingness to make a new arcade DDR release.
People want fucking a new DDR mix and I'm just so pissed off with the fact it would be so easy to do. It's so fucking easy to do it and we can actually license the music because there's a loophole because it sort of would fall under the category of a AVM, what was it? It'd sort of fall under the...
because it's kind of classified as a JewBox. It's a very gray area, but you could license
it for a flat fee of $364 a month, or not a month, a year. That's change. That's like
a buck a day. You can't tell me that no one plays that machine, not once a day. Hardware
would be only a one-time buy of a PC. We wouldn't even really need to do shit to it, and upgrades
to be free.
I mean, it's money in the bank right there.
And they're not jumping on it.
Instead, they're buying $1,500 bootlegs of really shitty,
hacked DDR shit that's not even that good.
It's just all flawed like hell.
I don't understand why people aren't jumping on this.
It can work.
Like I said, my proposal, I'm going to do the Golf Land.
I'm going to probably show it to Keith and stuff.
I'm going to redesign StepMania's thing to be just
like DDR, have skins and everything to make it the most
convincing arcade port, because it's not some sort of
hacked shit where it's going to look like crap.
Really nice steps for songs, full sets of steps, not this
one difficulty shit, full sets of steps, and all that stuff
with full unlocks.
And you can hook it up so it runs off of
credits from coin slot.
It could work, but people will be like, no, because it's not
official Konami.
But people are going to sadly buy this piece of shit machine,
and you're going to see these in arcades now.
But to be honest, I don't understand why anyone would
do that.
Well, now give it a chance.
You haven't seen this machine yet.
It might be pretty cool.
Fine.
But still, I don't understand why people aren't jumping at a
chance to do something like this, because I know Keith, if
he was still at Scandia, would have jumped on this a long
time, or he would have totally gone with the step mania idea
for the PC.
he would have done it.
If I could find a way to hack the actual disk, he wanted me
to go ahead and do that and make a mix that way.
So why not?
If people can get away with making these shitty bootlegs
that really look like bootlegs, why not try to make a
convincing hacked version of DDR?
Whatever.
I don't know, what do you think, Jamie?
Would you play this new mix, this into the groove thing
that's kind of like DDR, but not really?
I thought from the first moment I saw it,
that it looked really stupid.
So no.
I mean, if it's actually released, yeah, and it's
there, yeah, I might give it a try.
But it just looks really uninteresting.
I mean, it didn't even look visually appealing.
Here's my advice.
If you're going to do this, and you're going to put your
balls on the line or whatever, and you're going to
maybe get threatened by Konami. Here is what I have been saying. Konami should be doing
for the longest time. I bring this up every episode for like the past year. This is what
I've said. This is how you can avoid the lawsuit and everything. Make DDR competitive. Make
DDR a competitive game and now it's a completely different kind of game. Steal the dance magic
mode idea but make it your own. You know, you're doing dance magic without necessarily
doing dance magic. Don't fuck it up like that one Dreamcast game. What the hell was that
the one shareware Dreamcast game that we reviewed on the show.
Eat a Fury!
Eat a Fury!
No.
No.
That doesn't fucking count.
Take Dance Magic, make it cool, there you go.
This is what Konami of Japan, anybody should have done six months ago after Extreme was
done and they were done with DDR.
Konami of America should have put out, I don't know what the hell is stopping them, they
And they should have put out a new American release by now, and this is what's going to
happen now.
They're going to go to court and sue these other people, and if these other people play
their cards right, it's done.
Konami of America is done in the arcades with DDR.
But I don't know.
At the same time, into the groove, it's probably going to suffer from the same thing that Pump
It Up does.
It might be the same, but there's going to be something about it that you're just going
to go, it's not DDR.
So don't try to be DDR.
something different. That's why I'm saying go and be more like a competitive game or
come up with something. Think of something we haven't thought of.
I think if you put me in charge, if it was legit, if I could get the go ahead to do something
like this, I could make a mix of DDR that would be perfect. The machine would just keep
going. People would keep playing the same thing. It's just because people get bored
with the same songs and stuff in there.
They're bored with, like, I mean, look at DDR Extreme's been out for, like, boy, like
a year.
Almost a year.
You know, and people are bored with it, you know, it's just like...
Because DDR Extreme was nothing exciting to begin with.
Half of it, half of the excitement factor was old songs coming back.
The other half of it was a bunch of Konami songs that have been beaten to death in the
ground already through other games.
Only a couple of the Transplant songs, I can think of maybe a couple off the top of my
head, Gummel and a couple, and just these things that were, like, you know, kind of
They were lost in other Bomani games that became more popular again with DDR.
But shit like V and A, they were cool at first, but now those songs are done because we warm
out with 2DX.
The dance media licenses were weak.
They're the weakest they've ever been in a DDR game, ever.
The U.S. licenses in DDR were better than anything they licensed in Extreme.
I'm saying right now that pretty much, last thing I heard about DDR was it was an interview
with Naoki that they did for this last DDR Extreme like party, live party thing that
they're reporting on on BOMISEL. They had a little thing there on there showing the
song list where they're talking about. And it sounds like that Naoki is going to be working
now on Beatmania stuff strictly because they're putting, DDR is not going to, it's either
done completely as far as arcade and maybe possibly home versions in the Japanese home
versions, it's either done completely, or they're putting
it on hiatus for a few years.
And they're going to come up with something new.
And so people are like, they want more of this stuff.
I mean, you're getting new fans to it, and they're going
to the arcade and playing it, and they're like, OK,
I'm bored now.
Maybe it's just different to us here.
But don't tell me DDR is dying in Japan, because we read it
here on Monday on Vanilla Sky.
We read it.
DDR Extreme, one of the top 10 selling games
in Japan this week.
Japan, a highly competitive market for video games.
Extreme still lands in the top 10.
The home version, where DDR fucking sucks at playing.
Look at 2DX.
Don't tell me DDR is dying.
Look at 2DX.
They're like, oh, well, we need a petition before we release
another home game.
What?
You need another.
Unheard of here.
If they tried something like that here, I mean, granted,
the US isn't Japan.
But if they tried something like that here, they'd get
laughed out of the country.
I'm just saying, the only trouble you're going to run
it to if you run a machine like this is you're gonna get RIA you know well these
songs aren't licensed or whatever you know that's the only trouble you're
in rent to konami is not even give a shit about the fact that your machine is
you know a bootleg or something like that because your machine isn't supposed
to be over here in the first place cuz you're promoting awareness for the DDR
home versions which is the only thing Konami of America gives a shit about
right now yeah so I mean DDR Extreme or whatever you know those aren't supposed
to be over here those aren't licensed for u.s. and this is something this is
This is the hilarious thing, somebody brought this up, somebody made a damn good point and
of all places DDR freak this week.
I was reading it and somebody said in the instruction manual to Max2USA it says go play
DDR in the arcades.
Says go for the full experience of DDR go play it in the arcades.
What the fuck are you going to find in the arcades?
You are not going to find DDR USA anywhere in the arcades anymore.
Tell me, somebody tell me, in Nortel, where there is more Bahamati machines than anywhere
else in the nation.
Make it California, period.
Can anybody name me three places to have a DDR USA machine?
Can anybody name me three places to have a DDR USA machine?
I can't even think of one.
Maybe the Metreon.
The Metreon, one.
You're not going to find one?
When you're telling people to go out and play DDR in the arcades, you're telling them, go
and play the machine that says, don't play it because it's illegal outside of Japan.
It doesn't make sense.
They're preaching two different things.
They're like, yeah, this isn't supposed to be over here, but
it's over here, so whatever.
Go ahead.
I don't think that there's much that they can do as far as
complaining that there's licensing or whatever as far
as music goes, because the machines aren't supposed to be
over here in the first place.
Music isn't licensed.
So you would run into that.
This is my own thing, is why DDR USA, they're turning their
back on it, just saying, oh, they're pretending they don't
notice that DDR Extreme exists, because they're not
having to pay for the licensing and hey all these great songs we're not having to pay
for and they promote our home releases and if we try to do this the RIAA sucks so fucking
much that they'd be taking all our money to do these licenses and it's not worth it. It's
not worth it. Have Japan license the songs for us that's I bet you anything that is the
true reason why Konami of America doesn't they pretend that the importing doesn't exist
Because then that way, they don't have to worry about
licensing.
It's all on Japan.
And then if an artist or a record label comes back and
says, well, I've seen these things all over.
That's out of our control.
The Japanese movie, that's out of our control.
We can't stop them from reporting.
And to be honest, I think you would get into real trouble if
you started selling.
Say I made a new mix.
We have a new mix.
I have already a logo done for mine.
It's called DDR EX2, Extreme 2.
So, say I made this and I went and sold it on the internet.
That's where you get into trouble because you're
fucking selling a bootleg hacked piece of shit.
Now, if you're going to run it in one arcade on one machine
and there's only one place in the world that you can play
this thing, I don't see what the problem is.
Because it's not like a big deal.
It's not like they're losing any money from it since
they're not making any more upgrades for fucking DDR.
They've already had their fourth plus.
It's already made its money back.
It's just a machine that's going to rot away pretty soon
unless you put something else in it to get more use out of it.
I don't see where they're losing any money, because we
have the latest version there, and they're buying all the
official ones that come out.
But they're not releasing anymore, so it's
just useless software.
It's like saying I take an arcade cabinet that has an old
version of Street Fighter in there, and I put
another game in there.
It's the same damn thing, as far as I'm concerned.
So I don't see what the problem is.
John Fields is giving me a suggestion here about going to DDR Freak and looking at the
California page and finding just how many USA machines are in California. Okay, so 437
places to play DDR in California per DDR Freak. Let's see how many of those have a USA machine.
and I just hit cancel. So out of 437 places to play DDR, one, two, three, four, five,
six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen,
eighteen, nineteen, twenty. And most of them are boomers. Most of them are all boomers.
So 20 locations out of 437.
5%.
5% of all places that have DDR, it's a USA machine.
So if you tell somebody to go out and play DDR,
95% chance some newbie is going to find is not going to be
playing a USA machine.
They're not going to be playing a USA-made machine.
All right.
Yeah.
Somebody's arguing how many I count.
One of the places had two USA machines.
I only counted it once.
It doesn't count if they have two USA machines.
Because really, if you look at it, most places have multiple
machines, they have Extreme and Max2, and forget it.
Forget it.
Just leave it at that.
I just don't understand.
It'd be really easy just to do this.
And as long as people didn't make a big deal about it, I
don't see the problem is.
I mean, no, I don't see anyone at Konami going,
oh my god, there's a bootleg DDR Megamix.
And they're selling that shit, OK?
They're selling a bootleg, and no one's coming down on it.
So I don't think I'm getting it.
The Megamix we talked about last week with the solid green boxes.
DDR Megamix, it looks like a piece of fucking shit.
People are buying it for our $1,500.
As far as I'm aware, it doesn't have any new songs other than Extreme.
Well, Extreme had, even though it said it had all the Fourth Mix and all
that stuff.
So you're buying a hacked piece of shit and selling on the
internet on eBay where everyone can see it.
And Konami's not coming down on them for this shit because
they don't care because it's not a threat.
So if I make one machine in California, one machine in the
fucking world, I don't think it's going to be a threat.
So they're not going to come down on me.
Bradley, I've been so rude I haven't let you
comment on this yet.
Is there anything you wanted to say about the DDR bootleg machine, all that stuff,
if I can untangle the cord from this fucking chair that likes to eat the cords?
Not really.
Well, okay.
All right.
Jamie, who's back there folding laundry, anything else you want to say on the bootleg machines?
I really don't have much of a comment on it.
I just think that, you know, if you look at, and this is honest, this is me,
If I see a bootleg version on one side and I see an official DDR on the other, I am probably
90% of the time going to play the original.
I don't care if it's upgraded extreme or an extreme, I'm probably going to go play the
extreme machine and that's me.
But then again, I usually prefer to give my support to Konami instead of, even if it's
Konami of Japan, instead of somebody's pocket.
I'm not making a possible that's still another thing I'll still will play the
original over over the homemade version okay all right break time when we come
back we're gonna do the F use of the week so send those in over private
message to sky in the chat room right now this break the theme is going to be
DDR Euromix songs, the old school Euromix, we will be back.
And now we meet in an abandoned studio We hear the playback and it seems so long ago
And you remember the jingles used to go You were the first one
You were the last one
Video killed the radio star
Video killed the radio star
In my mind and in my car
We can't rewind, we've gone too far
Like a tree in the night
You can't see where we're going No care in the world
Maybe I'm learning why To see on the side
There's no way of turning
You know there's nothing more to this
Tell me one thing more to this
Yeah.
You know that's the thing.
Ahh.
Ahh.
You know that's the thing.
Ooh.
More than this, you know there's nothing more than this
Tell me one day, one day
There's not a way to go
There's nothing
When the rhythm starts to play, I dance when the earth comes and makes me swell.
Like the lazy ocean at the shore, hold me close, there's way more.
When the rhythm starts you play
Yeah, dance with me every time
It needs a blast
Like the lazy intern
Hold me close, I can't hear you more
When the rhythm starts you play
Yeah, dance with me every time
It needs a blast
Like the lazy intern
10
2
3
2
1
playing
Orange Lounge Radio. If we put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
Hello, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 66 in progress.
After a little bit of a heated discussion about the bootleg machines versus the normal machines and da-da-da-da-da.
I want to respond to a comment that came into the chat room while we were on break there.
One of our new listeners, hello, wampa164, had a kind of a statement.
What I like this, how you said that to the people, designing the DDR clone, running on
Linux, we're huge fucking nerds, yet you're running a radio show that talks about DDR.
Okay, it's a joke, I'm, you know, we're just, it's a joke.
We make the joke, haha, Linux is a nerdy thing because most, you know, Joe Schmoe's run Windows
95 and all that stuff and the easier run stuff, so, you know, if it's programmed in Linux,
must be a nerdy thing. We realize we're big geeks and dorks. I take great pride in being
a dork. There's nothing wrong with it. So there's nothing wrong with coding stuff in
Linux either. It's just a joke. So please, don't take it too seriously, okay? Hello,
I'm making a fucking arcade cabinet for the house. I mean, how much more nerdy can you
get? Okay. Second off, I want to respond to, kind of like, you know, that we get into like
these big heated arguments of over DDR over like how it is kind of just more
like a general kind of vibe I feel in the air this why why we get so
passionate about DDR and stuff look how much this game has changed our lives
look how much money this game is taken look how much money this games taken
from us look how much weight I've lost playing it but look I would not be
living in this apartment with Loki if it were not for DDR I would not have Jamie
me as one of my best friends if it were not for DDR. I would never have gotten Bradley
to ever say a word nor met him if it had not been for DDR.
You know what? I met Bradley at AX playing DDR. Out of the Expo 2000, wasn't it? So yeah.
He was that quiet guy standing there. Meanwhile, I'm over there in my Joe costume singing Xanadu.
So basically the point I want to make, DDR is obviously, if we've gone to the extent
to make a show near and dear to our hearts, so we put a lot of fucking effort into, despite
what you may think, because our website's out of date and all that stuff, we put a lot
of fucking effort into this station that nobody listens to.
But we do it anyway because it's fun.
When we have all these, so obviously we have some very strong opinions about DDR.
And when DDR starts to go in a direction that we don't like, we not get a little bit.
It's just like when Star Wars fans call Lucas an asshole because he does something they
don't like.
Obviously, when all is said and done, we fucking love Konami.
Excuse me, there's a difference between Konami doing something we don't like and what Lucas
did.
Okay, I'm just trying to make a broad comparison.
Obviously, we fucking love Konami.
If it were not for Konami, we wouldn't have DDR, we wouldn't have all this great music.
Konami Originals is some of the best music in DDR, but when they make bad decisions,
we're going to call them on it because they're affecting a game that means a lot to us.
So that's kind of the purpose behind this show.
We slam DDR a lot on this show, but when all is said and done, we're only pointing out
the flaws we see because the game means so much to us in the end.
Okay.
Let's see, what was the other comment?
I want to be fair and kind of give the whole comments here.
Some people commented that Konami doesn't care.
Romani went to pretty good lengths to listen to what the Konami community wanted with the
public beta test and the poll they made to see that people wanted back, which might be
primarily responsible for seeing Rhythm Police again on a mix. Hey, if you listened to the
show a couple weeks ago, I said Max 2 has the best licenses. They did listen to what
the people want. People said We Want Heaven by DJ Yano. They put it on there. It's a pretty
sweet song. So, you know, Konami of America doesn't completely fuck up one after another
time. But it's just kind of like what's frustrating sometimes is that Konami, when they do things,
They do it so well. Why won't they keep doing it?
Why won't they make new mixes? Okay. Here's what?
What
What do you think I said? Okay. Here's what I don't understand. Okay, the whole the whole thing of DDR3 mode is like, yes
They're going in the right direction. You know, they're they're getting input from the fans. No
Come in
Hello. Hi. Okay. So they're getting input from the fans and everything and they're like,
oh yeah, we're starting over. We're doing this. And they're like, ha, no we're not.
It's like giving the players blue balls. That's pretty much what it is. It's like you're getting
them all psyched up for like this new thing. They're just going to keep going. Then they're
like, no, we changed their minds. We don't really want to do that anymore. It's just
are really annoying. They frustrate the players. All right. So, bottom line. Look at us. We're
dorks. We don't care. Yes, we have a radio station dedicated to DDR and you know what?
We like it that way because DDR has affected our lives so much. We feel the need to talk
about it three hours a week, in some cases more with our spinoff shows. So when DDR does
something we don't like, we're going to point it out. End of story. And we're going to give
our kind suggestions in a comical way, because this is radio, and we want you people to have
something to listen to. If we were just sitting here, well, I see that we're going to have
the new Max 2 out in a couple months, and it would be boring. So obviously we've got
to say things that are going to piss people off, because that's what radio is all about.
It would be like watching Masterpiece Theater.
Exactly. All right. I think we're done. But you know what? I welcome the counter opinions.
I welcome that. So I don't want to sound like I'm singling a person out or yelling at somebody,
because I welcome the other opinions. It's kind of fun. We just filled up a good 10 minutes
right there. All right. Let's completely change topics and let's stop saying F-you to Bamani
for a little bit. Oh, I have announced the winner of the Orange Lounge Cage Match. Holy
Christ. We got so much on another tangent here that we didn't ever even announce the
winner of the Orange Lounge Cage Match. Here it is, tonight's winner of the Orange Lounge
cage match by quite a large margin, I must say, is coming from a person who I don't think
has won the cage match in a while, Jamie.
Your song won tonight.
Yay.
Good job.
Cyber X with Little Flower.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You love me.
You all really love me.
I feel like going ferret squee.
So that's good.
It's a good song.
I'm glad it won.
All right.
Cool.
So there's your winner for tonight's cage match.
Sorry I didn't announce it earlier.
We got kind of sidetracked.
Woo hoo.
Okay.
That means I don't have to pick a song next week.
There you go, there you go.
We're going to get into the FUs of the Week, so we're going to stop saying FU to Bomani and we'll say FU to some other stuff real fast.
So, Jamie, why don't you explain the FUs of the Week for those people who haven't listened before.
This is where we get really pissed off and tell you about it.
Um, first
after he goes to my cough that will never go away
I feel like I've been cursed
So fuck my lungs and my nose for being trippy, although I really do like coding a whole lot.
Another F.U. goes to being sick at work and then another F.U. goes toward the attitude
of some of my co-workers that I'm contagious, which is absolute bullshit because it's just
a sinus infection, which is bacteria.
If you're going to get a fine of infection, you're going to get it.
Another one goes toward not having any PTO left over after my trip from Alabama because
I had to use half of what would have been my remainder going to the doctor.
Another one goes toward my car still not being done yet, although they're making progress
on it.
The biggest one right now is this headache that just won't go away, so yeah, I'm done.
Wow, that was pretty quick.
That's because I'm in pain.
Next up, Loki.
I'm eating spaghetti, dry spaghetti.
Anyways, um, I view the stupid drivers because you go too damn slow, especially when I have to yell at you and you don't hear me. That pisses me off too.
So of course I should guess that you wouldn't hear me since my windows are down. But you should! You should see me angry and move out of my way.
FU to Walmart for having a solo 2000 because solo sucks, so you suck.
And FU to the DVD video that I had for calibrating my TV, it's very boring, so yeah, that sucks.
I expect it to be exciting, exciting.
In defense of that video, it did have the electrocution and the pyromaniacal arm.
Okay, that was funny.
F you to Rob for encouraging the old Chinese lady for giving people out samples.
I had her trained really well. She wasn't going to give me a sample.
You're the fucking go and ask for a sample.
God damn it.
What sample?
F.U. the fact that we have to do these on Sunday because I'm more violent on Mondays when I'm pissed off at things, but now I calm down by the weekend. It's just not fair.
I don't have much more to complain about.
Oh yeah, F you to stupid high school whores because you suck and we know that you're going
to get knocked open pregnant and have some STD and then like collect welfare so you suck
in advance.
I'm done.
Alright.
I would have to say I give an F you to this fucking driver who as I was you
know I hate it when people as you're driving down the street they have to
pull out of a lot right in front of you so you have to step on the brakes that
is so fucked up when I have to slow down because you're an asshole and you can't
both ways before you pull out of the parking lot. Fuck you! And I'm continuing FU to Comcast's
worst cable company on the face of the Earth. Now they're fucking over a bunch of my friends.
I've been reading a LiveJournal this week. Comcast has been taking people offline and
all this stuff. And worse yet, it's spreading. It's worse than Gator. It's spreading like
a disease. Oh, now it reminds me, FU to Lop.com, I'll let Loky give the rest of this. Lop.com
Find the hidden link on there and then download their uninstall program and run it.
It has the only way.
Also, avoid the program No Adware.
It's like called No Adware or something like that.
It is Adware itself.
Irony.
I still vouch for the Seek and Destroy program.
That's a good one.
I've been using Adware as well, too.
I have to use Attaware and then this one program called, oh I forget what it is, I stick with,
I have about three different pop-up programs running at the same time to avoid any pop-ups
and get some, still sneak through, so.
I'll tell you what, it's all about Mozilla.
If it weren't slow as shit, Mozilla would be the best because you can block, the pop-up
I have found though that I haven't had nearly as much crap get on my computer since I've
been using the Google companion on Internet Explorer.
It has the search engine, the pop-up blocker, and an individual word search by every title
that you've put in there.
It's a very, very intelligent little companion, and it effectively blocks just about any pop-up that'll come through and anything that tries to install on your computer.
It's very effective, so I recommend it. You can get it right on Google.com.
Okay. Bradley, you have any FUs you want to give tonight?
Oh, sure, sure. Fuck you to not having money, because that's why CalMPS had to take my stuff away.
He actually had options for paying like 90 bucks or something, but I have like two payments on Monday that I just barely can cover, so I had to let him take it away.
And it'll take me like two months to get it back if I can ever get to that. But anyway, and fuck you to not having money because there's Papa John's pizza ad right in front of me and it makes me hungry for it, but I can't really afford it.
He can turn it over if it helps.
Are you gonna buy Bradley pizza?
I got Bradley pizza one day.
I try, I try not, I make it sometimes but I don't, I don't tell people about it.
Just, he's trying to be funny and he's not, just ignore it.
Yeah, well he, he's trying to be funny.
He'll be funny if he does it in Portuguese.
Miserably, miserably, terrible, horrible, he'll be very bad.
And, ok, uh, and fuck you to that, cause then, then we're supposed to have like this, and then,
And then she said, oh, so I messed it up, so I'll have like 11 AM on Thursday.
And so then I think she called me at 11 AM her time, because I wasn't running at that time, but I couldn't get to it.
And then now fuck you to Mailsweeper, because her company uses that, and it started thinking my emails were spam.
So I tried like four or five different times to get through, and I kept from blocking him, so I still needed a caller to make sure that my last message got through, which didn't seem to be blocked.
And hopefully it'll actually work out and actually talk to the person, and then they can reject me for not being full of the customer service skills that they probably want.
Uh, let's see, what else? Anything else?
Uh, fuck you, the chairs that make too much noise.
Because, like, these hydraulic chairs, they're quite the first, and then they start making noise on me for some reason.
And... and I'll wrap it up so people can get to the set room and finish it up.
That's it then?
Yeah.
Alright. Let's move on to the chat room FUs, and fuckin' hey, there's a lot of them tonight.
No Silence says, my F.U. of the week is those people that think they're cars, you know those
people that ride the scooters and the motor ones, they get in front of you thinking they
belong there.
I go, get out of my way, you're not a bike, so go on the sidewalk.
My next F.U. of the week is for my car not being fixed, again.
My next F.U. of the week is spending over $100 for art supplies, again.
F.U. for running out of ideas, I need more ideas.
God I'm sick.
They got cut off. God, I'm sick.
EvilNauke2Dx says,
My only F.U. this week is homework, and hi Nee-chan.
Sorry, I'm a honky.
Jazz says, I don't have an F.U. because I'm a happy little hoe. My F.U. is that I don't have an F.U.
because I'm a happy little hoe.
John Fields says, F you to humanity in general.
Yeah, humans suck.
Without humanity, you wouldn't exist.
You'd be in a world of nothingness.
You'd be a robot.
23rd Magus says, F you to people who
think they know it's in my head, and then proceed
to put words in my mouth.
F you to Solo 2000, you suck, you don't deserve to exist,
you are inferior, good day, sir.
I disagree, 6th panel owns you, but whatever.
You're entitled to your opinion, even if you're wrong.
23rd Magus continues to say, fuck
not getting a call back from either Radio Shack or Papa Murphy's. How hard is it to
email me or leave a fucking message? Die, K, thanks, bye. When they don't call you,
you call them. That's my advice. Wampa164 says, F you to teenage kids. They can't drive,
but think they have and deserve more rights and have no respect for their elders anymore.
the word ass hat. The word is lame and annoying in my opinion. Oh shit, I just said it. God,
you're an ass hat. Stop being such an ass hat. You are wearing your ass as a hat. Stop
being an ass hat. F you to the person who suggested switching vanilla sky with orange
lounge radio because I'm not coming in on Sunday evenings. You switch them. It was Monday
I don't care, other folks don't care, so why the fuck do you have to scream about how I
got 4 grades on 1998 Extra Stage?
Guess what?
I don't appreciate it, and I hope you get pregnant.
No, because then that means there'll be more of them.
Fat old fuck you goes to the nasty smelling shit logs that take my turn on initial D.
Hey, how about I take a fucking broken bottle to your head, then we'll see how badly you
want my turn.
You suck shit anyway, and you don't deserve life to begin with.
Wow, there's a lot of anger in here.
I know it's initial D. Why are you getting concerned anyway?
After his, I have another one.
We're almost done.
We're getting the last straggling FUs now, so that means I'm turning the music off because
these are stragglers.
Ewan Aoki 2DX has one last FU to his USB wireless adapter for blue-screening my system.
And Wampa would also like to say, FU to MTV for being a piece of shit.
They don't even play music but brainwash our youth and corrupt them to shit.
Similarly, FU to the same teenage kids that can't drive but instead ride their shitty
racer scooters.
lastly F you to midterms from stapler X that's the last one no more I just
wanted to add that I just forgot what I was gonna say way to go oh yeah I would
it is a stupid bitch on the riding rock online community on live journal her
account got banned and her husband's account got banned and you know for well
the thing is they don't know and gravity's not replying back the thing is
though I understand that I would be upset if my account were banned, you know.
But they didn't check, apparently she did not check the ban list to see
if it was a temporary ban or a permanent ban.
She did not stop to think that because they've recently been hacked,
that this could be a maintenance issue and that their accounts will be reinstated once they've
completed whatever it is that they're doing, you know.
Instead, she's acting rude to everybody on the list, and acting like this is her life.
It's a stupid game.
So if you think we're assholes when it comes to DDR, go look at this community.
I would be upset.
Like I said, I'd be upset if I was unjustly banned, if I didn't do anything, but she was
just being really rude and nasty to people with no reason to do it.
And they were offering legitimate suggestions, things that she can do, the different solutions
to her problem.
But all that she wanted to do was bitch about the service, and she didn't even take any
of the proper steps to be sure that it was indeed a true banning.
Like I said, it didn't have to do with the maintenance or anything.
This person was so stupid.
Just go to livejournal.com users slash ragnarokonline and it's probably one of the older ones now
but she's a really stupid bitch and needs to be slapped inside her head.
She doesn't deserve her ragnarok online anyway if she's not addicted to it.
Are you going to slap her with your dick?
I don't have one.
If you had one.
Your hypothetical dick.
I would slap her.
Your internet penis.
would slap her with the Red Bull cock.
All right.
Speaking of LiveJournal, Orange Lounge
has a LiveJournal community that is posted every once
in a great while.
Hey, well, actually, we've got quite a few people watching it.
Well, there's some news and some questions
that get asked on there.
It's a username, Orange Lounge, all one word.
And there is a DDR one.
It's actually the live journal community, Bimani.
I think there's also a DDR one, but it's kind of.
No one updates it.
Yeah, it's kind of.
Just look for the Bimani one.
And on Dead Journal, there's DDR Maniacs.
Oh, pretty cool.
Well, we're winding down the show here.
We're getting into the home stretch.
Loki, is there anything we missed?
You and I had tons of topics we wanted to talk about tonight.
Is there any last minute things we had we forgot to talk about?
We did the UPN story.
We did the ranting about the bootleg machines and the new games and all that stuff.
He's thinking.
He's off in La La Land.
Altar Makes Go is gold.
I thought that's kind of old news.
I don't know.
Altar Makes comes out on the 18th of November and-
That's going to be when I'm in-
No, I think I'll be-
Don't you come back right about then?
I need to look at a calendar.
I think so.
that's about the time I'm going to be back. Oh, oh, oh, I have happy news.
Okay. Oh, God, that hurt. For old-school gamers.
Okay. There is, for anyone who remembers on the Sega Saturn, the Sega Ages collection,
where they were, well, in the U.S. they released multiple games on one disc,
but in Japan they were, each game was released individually, like Space Harrier, you know, all this.
Well, they're doing Sega Ages 2500, which basically, for the PS2, it's remakes of old
Sega games that were supposed to sell for 2,500 yen, about 23 something, and they've
released Space Harrier, which I ordered, Fantasy Zone, which is my second favorite game ever,
and so I ordered that too, Fantasy Star, which is a really nice remake, those are the three
that I ordered.
that are out right now is Monaco GP and Goldnax.
So the best prices I've seen
for our most reliable site is toysnjoys.com, T-O-Y-S-N-J-O-Y-S dot com.
They're located in Hawaii.
They have really fast shipping.
And they're selling it for 25 bucks.
So, but that, I just had to make the mention for all the old school people
because it's really neat that they're doing that.
Oh, what, Logie? Come say that on the mic, because that's big news to me, because that
kind of is an epilogue to something we were talking about just a minute ago.
Euromix 3 is coming out next year, early spring, I think.
So at least somewhere, someone is continuing to do DDR. Some Konami company is continuing
to do DDR. That's a good sign. So is Europe doing DDR the way it needs to be done?
I don't know.
Well, the only thing that I've heard about it is that Wannabes is going to be on it.
That was one of the tracks.
Joy of joys.
Well, it doesn't matter. It's just it's a song that's in DDR. It's a new mix
Yeah, but is that is that some fanboys wet dream or is that something has actually been documented somewhere?
It's like is that announced somewhere has announced
DDR UK is all over it
So because I believe anything they say
Well, they're pretty on top of it for your mix. Yeah
For most DDR news sites, they're pretty respectable.
Yeah, I mean, they've got the UK end covered.
But let's see.
Well, if that's all the news you've got,
I guess we can go ahead and wrap up the show here.
Yeah, that's all the news I can think of.
All right, let's go around and see what everybody's.
Oh, and Jamie would like this.
They're selling second mix machines on eBay right now,
a couple of them.
I don't remember it wasn't like $4,000 with some insane amount you get an
extreme gain for.
Yeah.
Well, the thing is, is that, and Dan and I have sat down, talked to that,
what made it official, we're buying our house in the spring.
Um, actually next, uh, next spring we're buying our house.
We will have a house and we will have a DVR machine.
So, um, but the thing is, we're probably going to have an extreme.
Why not a second mix?
Because you can't grade a second mix.
Get bootleg third.
Get a third Korean, third Korean.
No, I do not want the third.
If I get a third mix, it's going to be a third plus.
Whatever.
All right.
OK, let's go around to Garibay's final thought.
Now the show's wrapping up.
Bradley, we'll start with Bradley,
our guest for this evening.
Wasn't said much, but that's OK.
That's what he's known for.
All right.
Be active, not passive.
Let my performance today be an example of what not to do.
Okay, final thought.
I'm going to be done with my cabinet this week.
Didn't you say that last week?
No, really this time.
I'm on last.
No, no, really.
I swear I'm going to be done.
Well, with part of it at least, I'll be done with the major cutting of the cabinet.
Will we actually have a wooden empty cabinet at the end of this week?
Possibly.
I'm thinking battery power is the only thing stopping me.
I have, like, all the sheets I have left to cut are just rectangular, so, I mean, it's
not anything complex or anything. And then it's just putting it together. That's pretty
much it. You know, it's not much left. So, maybe. Maybe we'll have a cabinet by the end
of the week. Who knows? I'll be waiting. Jamie, your final thought. Ow! My final thought
That is, I'm so happy I only have to work two days next week.
That makes me giddy.
And you don't have to work a full week.
I wouldn't exactly call what I do work, but sure.
I get two weeks off in a row, huh?
Blimey.
All right.
That's it.
Final word of the show tonight.
Nellie, you want to take a stab at one word, Nellie?
Can you say one word?
Just one?
No.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Skye and Loki.
We expect you a nice play again.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Thanks for listening and we'll see you next week.
Orange Lounge Radio, the after birth, the part after the credits have faded out.
We'll add a little bit of WTF to tonight's fortune cookie, Jamie.
Explain yourself.
I was going through my waves and I could not decide on one, so I picked the Sailor Stars
transformation from the last season of Sailor Moon in Japanese, of course, which I actually
thought was a pretty good series because they killed Chibusa, except they brought in Chibi
Chibi and she needed to die too.
Yes, I was a Sailor Moon fan once when it was like new, but...
I watched a couple episodes of it once.
You watched the crap version.
I have like...
I can show you some quality Sailor Moon.
I just...
The quality Sailor Moon, isn't that a bit of a...
No.
I like Tuxedo Mask.
coming but the guy they have playing them in the live-action series is ugly
he's ugly I don't care what our bales we say he's ugly all right anything else
you guys want to say in this little portion after the credits have faded
here. Ow. My head hurts. I smell like sawdust. At least you don't have pea beef. Beef, beef.
Did your pee smell like beef tonight? Or pork? No. It's just the beef soup. That's like that
Thank you everybody for listening to and supporting Orange Lounge Radio.
We do appreciate it.
It's really great.
We're more popular right now than we have been since the stations existed.
That's really cool.
So please continue to listen to our Bobbani Music and More program with all your favorite
DDR2DX and Dance Media favorites.
Place 24 hours a day, seven days a week when we are not live and vote us a five in your
player window, exceptional, and vote us your favorite station.
If you add us as a preset and then you go into the live 365 presets, you can select
us as your favorite station and then if enough people select us as their favorite station,
we get money.
And we get reported on by the news.
That's right.
And then we can be on UPN 31 too because we'll be cool.
So what's this DER, dance, dance, dance, revolution.
Tonight's post show you guys, this is an album I think some of you guys have been wanting
to hear. It's a brand new Dance Mania album that just hit the shelves a couple of weeks
ago and we got a copy of it here. Thank you very much Tiger for passing this along. This
is Dance Mania Trance Z is tonight's post show so enjoy and thanks for supporting Orange
launch radio. Good night.
It's hard for me to say I'm sorry I just want you to stay
I just want you to stay in my arms
Everybody needs a little time away
Far away from nature.
Even lovers need a holiday.
Far away from nature.
Ooh, now it's time for me to say I'm sorry I just want you to stay
Do you believe in destiny, and close my eyes and dream that you are closer to me?
So follow me, and you will see, together we can touch the sky, we're flying so high, high, high.
I'm free in the light of the night Until the morning sky
I feel alive tonight
I feel the morning light
Do you believe?
Is this the thing?
I know you need to be with me
When something feels so good, it's only about the me
As time goes by, I wonder why
When you will be here with me someday, I'll fade anyway
I'm free and alive and blind
I'm still the morning sky
I'm free like the sky
I'm still the morning sky
Oh, I wanna dance with somebody
I wanna dance with somebody
Yeah, I wanna dance, dance, dance with somebody.
Somebody to love me.
I wanna dance, dance, dance.
I wanna dance, dance, dance.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, with somebody who loves me
Oh, yeah
Oh, hey yeah
Hey yeah, hey yeah
Oh, I wanna dance with somebody
I wanna come and see somebody
Yeah, I wanna dance with somebody
With somebody who loves me
Somebody, somebody, somebody, somebody
Somebody who loves me, yeah
Somebody, somebody, somebody, somebody
The whole thing is all love
I need a man who takes a chance
On a love that burns high enough to last
And when the night falls
My lonely heart calls
I wanna dance with somebody I wanna turn my feet with somebody
Yeah, I wanna dance with somebody With somebody who loves me
I wanna dance with somebody I wanna turn my feet with somebody
Yeah, we dance with somebody, with somebody who loves me
I could see the way, just to hear you breathing
Watch you smile while you are sleeping, while you're far away dreaming
I could spend my life in this sweet surrender
I could stay lost in this moment forever
Every moment spent with you is a moment I treasure
I don't want to close my eyes
I don't want to fall asleep
But I miss you baby
And I don't want to miss a thing
Cause even when I dream of you
The sweetest dream would never do
I still miss you baby
And I don't want to feel the same
Flying close to you, feeling your heart beating
And I'm wondering what you're dreaming
Wondering if there's me you're seeing
Then I kiss your eyes, and thank God we're together
And I just wanna stay with you in this moment forever
Forever and ever
I don't wanna close my eyes
I don't wanna fall asleep cause I'll catch you baby
And I don't wanna miss a thing
Even when I dream of you
I don't want to miss one smile I don't want to miss one kiss
Cause I just wanna be with you, right here with you, just like this
I just wanna hold you close, feel your heart go close to mine
And just stay here in this moment for all the rest of time
Yeah, yeah, oh!
samba
Santa Maria Santa Maria
So come on baby take me higher Cause I'm dreamin' of your love, dreamin' of your love
And I want to be your last desire, a fire, a fire, a fire.
Santa Maria.
Santa Maria.
Santa Maria.
We are
Santa Maria
And I only wanna be with you baby
Cause you know its gonna be
Heaven here with me
Remember how it used to be baby
I love you baby, and if it's world over I need you baby
You are my lonely love, I love you baby Trust in me when I say
Oh pretty baby, don't take each other's name I need you baby
You're just too good to be true Can't take my eyes off of you
You feel like heaven to touch Oh, I wanna hold you so much
As long as love has arrived
And I thank God I'm alive
You're just too good to be true
Can't take my eyes off of you
Part of the way that I said
There's nothing else to compare
The thought of you leaves me weak
There are no words left to speak
But if you feel like I feel
Then let me know that a dream You're just too good to be
Can't take my eyes off of you
I love you, baby And if it's good old blood, I need you, baby
For my lonely night, I love you, baby
Trust in me when I say
Oh, pretty baby
Don't bring me down to say
Oh, pretty baby
Now that I'm about to say
Let me love you, baby
Yes, we love you
Lord, you're so good to be true
Can't take my eyes off of you
You feel like heaven to touch
All I wanna hold on is so much
As long as love has arrived
And I thank God I'm alive
You're just too good to be true
Can't take my eyes off of you
I love you baby
And if it's good old brother
Leave you baby
Keep on my lonely ride
Love you baby
Trust in me when I say
I said, oh, pretty baby, don't bring me to the train.
Oh, pretty baby, now that it's fun to say that I love you,
baby, let me love you.
And I said, hey, yeah, yeah.
Hey, yeah, yeah.
I said, hey, what's going on?
And I said, hey, hey hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
I said, hey!
What's going on?
And I said, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey!
I said, hey!
What's going on?
And I say, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
What's going on?
35 years of my life in the steel.
I'm trying to get up the crappy hill of hope.
For a destination.
I realized quickly when I knew I should
That the world was made up of this
Fatherhood of hands
Over there that dreams
Into the quiet sun, I'll shine a light for friends
But to get it all up was in my head
And I, I'm feeling a little superior
Into the wind in the morning and at the first night
And I take a deep breath, and I can't breathe higher
And I can't go back all my life
What's going on?
And I said, hey, yeah, yeah
Hey, yeah, yeah
I said, hey
What's going on?
And I try, oh my god, I try
I try all the time
In this institution
And I pray
What am I going to bring?
I pray for a single day
For a little desire
Into the questions of the life I've made
Just to get it all that was in my head
And I, I feel
A little easier
Until I wake in the morning and I step outside
And I take back the questions that I can't resound
And I scream from above and I say
What's going on?
And I said
Hey, yeah, yeah
Hey, yeah, yeah
I said hey
What's going on?
Can't touch this.
Can't touch this.
Can't touch this.
You can't touch this.
You can't touch this.
