Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio, where Monty talks and then some.
Uh, mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
Orange Lounge may contain sexual, perverted, and mildly retarded content.
You probably shouldn't let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
Yes, I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, goddammit, I will.
Thank you for watching!
Here's to my big opening.
A sphincter says what?
I'm super, thanks for asking.
Oh, you little bitch troll from hell.
What am I doing here?
No.
Dodge this.
This is a tasty burger.
Look, you stupid bastard, you've got no arms left.
Yes, I have.
Look, there's a flesh wound.
Searching for a boy in high school is as useless as searching for meaning in a Pauly Shore movie.
Oh yeah?
Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
DarkSakura.
I've got a sniff.
Skye.
But I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
Loki.
I hate you!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live, and this is episode number 63 for October the 5th, 2003.
You're tuned into the Bomani Scene's most sexually educated radio station of all things B-Money.
My name is Rob Roberts.
You might know me as Sky.
Joining me as always are my awesome co-hosts.
In this corner, the happiest, most tardy bunny on the farm.
Who's tardy?
You know her better than DarkSakura.
Hi, everybody.
It's Jamie.
Yes.
Yes, Sak.
Jamie's not here right now, so I don't know where she's at.
She's probably stuck in traffic somewhere and we'll be here- FUCKING OLD PEOPLE ON THE WAY OVER!
THE DUMB BITCHES ARE RUNNING!
She parked in my space and I told her to fuck off!
So, I don't know where she is.
She'll be here soon, I'm sure.
Uh, in that corner, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
I'm a trainer.
Trainable.
Trainable.
I'm a trainable.
That sounds like a lunchable.
And also with us tonight, as well, say hello to our many guests we have in the studio.
We have the one and only Ted Puppy.
How are you?
Tired and pissy.
Alright.
Also with us, say hello to the ever so lovely VHG.
And that stands for many, many things.
Yes, yes it does.
How are you?
I'm good.
Good.
Also with us tonight, say hello to Bradley Arcadian.
Welcome.
You've got mail.
Also with us tonight is Nellie, but she doesn't talk, so we won't bother giving her a mic.
And she'll do sign language into the webcam.
Thank you.
Yeah, I don't get it.
Like, she'll be on the cam, but she won't talk.
Whereas Jamie will talk, but not be on the cam.
So, like, why don't you just pretend that Nelly is Jamie?
And then, like, you know... Nah, it don't work.
Anyway.
Uh, plenty of things to talk about.
Oh, there she is!
Hello!
Okay.
Um...
We will... Jamie already says I hate people.
You want to say something before break or you want to wait until after?
Alright, she'll wait until after.
We'll take a quick break, we'll be back and yeah, talk about stuff.
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We put your thing down, flip it and reverse it.
Howdy everybody, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
Here we are at the start of episode number 63.
Whoop-dee-doo.
What an exciting week.
Not quite as exciting of a week as last week when we had Max 2 was out and new and all that other fun stuff.
Although, Jamie's here and she brought with her, she brought the US versions of VRare 1 and VRare 2.
I bet you have to get it at Fry's, correct?
V-Rare 1 you got at Toys R Us, actually, with DDR Max, and V-Rare 2 you have to get at Fry's, which is pissing a lot of East Coast people off.
Because there's no Fry's out there.
Because there's no Fry's out there.
Sucks for them.
Well, I know Fry's runs a website at Outpost.com, right?
That was the only place you were able to get.
You remember when Dance Dance Revolution for the PC came out, you could only get it at Fry's, it was a Fry's exclusive.
We were supposed to care about DDRPC?
I know, but humor me for a second here.
So theoretically, shouldn't you be able to get those samplers at Outpost.com?
I don't know, and I really don't care because I already have that too, and I could just get the VR online somewhere.
I would think so, but...
And I am not a collector, sir.
Hello, Jamie.
Yo.
So what's up?
I'm fucking tired.
Oh, I'm sorry, yeah?
I hate people.
You hate people?
I hate people who tailgate me.
I hate people who go too slow in front of me while people are tailgating me.
And I hate the stinky old man at my apartment complex.
Well, I think now might be a good time to get into our favorite game we like to play here at Orange Lounge Radio.
How was your day and how was your week?
So, I think, Jamie, it would be most appropriate if you would start us off tonight.
Um, well...
Starting with the week, the week was pretty good.
You know, nothing really horrible happened.
Got to have somewhat of a date with Stan, which we hardly ever get to spend time together.
It was pretty good.
Last night was great.
I drank how much last night?
A lot.
Not as much as I usually do when I go drinking, but it was pretty good and I was very happy and spent most of the evening with a pleasant buzz.
What did we do?
Oh yeah, it was Chubb's birthday.
Yes, Chubb's birthday party was his day.
And that was really lots of fun and happy birthday to Chubb's being 21 now.
Yeah.
Played some Pump It Up while someone intoxicated.
Played lots of that crappy Wanda Bee Pachinko machine.
And I have, like, this blue-spotted dog.
And a cup that says Dave and Buster's on it.
Ooh.
Um, today, though, I'm, you know, in bed, sleeping, because I was up until 5.30 in the morning.
And I hear, If you don't get up and help me clean this house...
You're not going to go to your show!
So I get up and go, excuse me!
And then clean the house.
So I spent practically all of my day cleaning the house.
Then had a nice shower, got ready.
I stayed at home long enough to turn on the show.
And went to the grocery store.
And then I was in every bit of bad traffic I could possibly imagine, short of there being a wreck.
Because, you know, I wouldn't be here right now had there been a wreck, because I would still be behind all these people, stopping and staring at the wreck.
Wow.
Oh my god, I see a bloody stump!
That's an arm.
Ooh, yay.
You know, if you want to see bloody stumps, just go, like, rent a horror movie or something.
I was talking about if there had been an accident, people would be stopping and going, oh, can I see a bloody stump?
So, at any rate, that's why I was late.
You know, stupid people.
And now I'm doing laundry.
Oh yeah, I had another thing happen during the week, but it's really retarded.
Um...
I never mind, I'm not going to talk about that because it sucks.
I figured as much.
I played some PSO.
My game froze in the middle of playing PSO, so I lost the two levels I gained.
And all of my items that weren't equipped, including my meteor cudgel, which pissed me off.
But I'm getting them all back.
And that's really about it.
Buy stuff from my vendor in Ragnarok, thank you.
Alright, let's move on.
Puppy!
How was your day and how was your week?
Let's see, today I'm kind of pissy because I've had too much chemistry work to do.
I've spent all day writing up lab reports and writing up freaking chemistry things.
I had to bring my chemistry book with me so I could work on it before the show started.
And then I had a little adventure at lunch I wanted to go get food before leaving to come to the show So I go down the street to Carl's Jr's I look inside There's like 15 people in line to order And like one person working behind the counter So I'm like, screw this I go over to the subway nearby
They don't take ATM cards.
I go down to the two grocery stores in the same plaza and neither of them have working ATMs.
I drive halfway across town to go to a liquor store that has an ATM.
It's not working.
I drive back downtown to go get food.
And then when I finally get back with it, it's, like, not the right thing.
And I ate it anyways because I was hungry and had meaty thing in almost 24 hours.
So yeah, that made me kind of pissy.
and then the whole stupid driver thing that's like for everybody that drives except for the stupid drivers themselves and then um yeah this week I just did school stuff and then played lots of Initial D because it's like sucking me in oh yes Disgaea too because that's just too cool oh excuse me and I'm done
Bradley, how was your day and how was your week?
Alright, beginning this week I went to a temp agency and then they sent me to an interview for data entry position the next day.
I did okay on that, but of course as I go on I think of many different ways that I screwed it up.
But it was like my first real job interview talking to an actual person in front of them.
It was like the only other job interview I've ever done was over the phone for an intern thing like
I was supposed to find out at the end of Tuesday if he had decided yes or no.
The person in the agency is supposed to call me back, but she never does.
I was waiting until the next morning, and I called him and said, what did he decide?
He's looking at the resumes and everything, so we have to wait a bit longer.
and so we'll wait until Thursday, Friday and he hasn't decided by Friday yet so I guess we'll find out next week sometime
So, I doubt I'll get it, because I didn't do all that great.
You know what, though?
I've been in a very similar position in job hunting, where you're going to, like, 10 pages to 10 pages of your staffing agency, whatever it is, and I swear to God, those people are never really with it.
Like, they never are able to meet their deadlines or whatever.
You're just strung along like a stupid puppet, and then finally, just out of the blue, one day it'll hit.
So, we'll all cross our fingers for you.
Yeah.
So, well, I'll have to go look at stuff next week.
Yep.
That's the future.
Maybe try to fake my way to knowing medical terminology, but since I know a little bit, I may be able to fake that somewhere.
But, uh, let's see, yesterday didn't do too much, I don't think.
And then today, watched some TV, and came over here.
I think that's basically it for my week.
Alright.
Okay.
Alright then, let's see, who else wants to talk about their weekend of day?
How about VHD?
You got a minute away from the kitchen that you can... Well, I know we got Loki, but Loki's doing some stuff there.
Okay, then, oh, here comes VHD.
So, what do you want to know?
I want to know, how was your day and how was your week?
Hmm, my week's actually been kind of okay, other than the fact that I had to switch to an 8am class, and I'm still waitlisted for math, I guess I'm cool.
Which, by the way, I hate WLD 57 with a passion.
What the hell is that?
Workload English.
Oh.
Shut the hell up, puppy!
Shut up!
But yeah, I hate it with a passion.
We actually have this journal entry we're supposed to write.
The beginnings and endings, just anything about it.
So my topic now is the beginning of Workload 57 and the end of my life.
Which is how bad it is.
Interesting.
I've written on my friend's legal pad, kill me now, please, just kill me now, during English class.
So, yeah.
And other than that, been cutting back on initial D, slowly.
Good for you!
I'm just messing with you.
Let's see, been kind of studying, extra emphasis on kind of, going out, meeting lots of people.
Other than that, it's been a pretty okay week.
Oh, except my mom's always over-emotional every time she comes here.
It's getting kind of irritating.
It's like, gee, mom, I'm not going to die while I'm in Davis, okay?
But I'll miss my baby!
You know, it's kind of funny.
I actually thought she didn't like having me around the house.
And then, like, all of a sudden they move away and now she's like, oh my god.
They can't wait to get rid of you until they do and then they miss you like hell.
Yep.
So, yeah.
It's been a pretty good week.
Um...
I'm eating these blue chips so I'm having a hard time talking right now.
Next we'll go to Loki and see how his day and his week was.
But first I want to say hello to some new chatters we have in our chat room tonight because we have a lot of new people in the chat room tonight.
Are they listening?
Are they listening?
I hope so.
They better be listening because we know.
We know and we will find out and you will pay if you're not.
www.cali.com Sorry, I don't like it.
Click on Orange Lounge and click on chat if you want to join in.
I don't know, it's brown and watery.
Just like these new people, I don't recognize.
I've been here before.
Greg is Masa.
Hello.
Zodiac Knight.
Hello.
Sen.
Hello.
And XT Senai.
Oh, they're the same person.
Well, she got said hello to twice.
What a lucky girl.
Hello to everybody.
Okay, Loki, how was your day?
How was your week?
I didn't do anything today.
Except I started wiring my second pads.
And those are almost done.
Probably be done this week.
And I was playing on the one that is done.
And it was pretty cool until the ground wire fell off.
and that didn't work too well so I had to re-solder that and I didn't do that much I worked a little bit last night up until about 5 in the morning and did some stuff because I rebooted my computer you dumbass and it automatically kicks on right away anyways and then um I don't know that's about it people were gone from my work so I had it pretty easy the last two days just ate sandwiches and um
Red the Internet.
Cool deal.
Yeah.
Oh, and downloaded more Zim.
New Zim.
Because you're the biggest pirate ever.
Arr.
Arr.
We watched a cool video today that I got off the Internet.
It's about teaching sex.
We'll get into it in the afterbirth.
Okay.
We're going to make Jamie watch it during the afterbirth.
Okay.
You have to go home right after the show?
Can't stay for a little bit?
Okay.
But I want to tell!
Fine, tell.
It's about teaching sex ed to retards.
It's an instructional video.
They were called trainers.
Trainables.
Trainables, whatever.
I should think.
Diapers.
Trainables.
Okay.
Anyway, we'll get into that in the afterbirth, which is after the credits of the program.
God, our chat room is such a bunch of moody bitches, I swear.
All the people I didn't say hi to, like all of our regulars who've been here weeks and weeks before, they get their FUs read every week and everything.
Now they're all, why didn't you say hi to me?
Why didn't you say hi to me, crybaby?
Because you don't matter.
I'm trying to extend a warm welcome to the new people.
The old people should already feel appreciated.
We love Orange.
I give a general shout out hello to the Orange Lounge chat in general.
and I gave Jamie a dollar yesterday.
And he got to spend a liquor.
Bitch, I bought you a drink.
You drink half of it.
That's neither here nor there.
So then without further ado, I'll talk about my week and my day because I actually have video game stories to talk about.
Shock of shocks.
Let's see, this week I actually went out and played DDR not once, not twice, but three times.
And Rob can count.
Scary, isn't it?
And you know what's weird?
I think this is actually working because my pants are like about ready to fall off.
It's like they're down to here.
I'm losing weight.
This is so exciting.
My ass is getting smaller with all this DDR I've been playing.
I'm so happy.
But anyway...
Well, I know, but it's not just that, but it's that I've been playing it more in the past month, and I've been, you know, eating less crap.
I still eat crap, but I'm eating less crap.
And all that stuff.
And now Iron Chef VHG is cooking me dinner.
I wonder what I need to bring in next week, then.
This is great.
The women bring food every week and cook for us here on Orange Lounge Radio I got told not to push my luck That's just because I can't cook I will cook one week
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
It's kind of stupid because it's really hard to keep a perspective on where you're at if you're trying to move as well.
So most people, the serious players of Playoff Zero at Golf Land, they don't put on the seatbelt so the thing won't rock.
Because if you're not wearing your seatbelt, you won't rock.
Thursday I went and did the same thing and I got another AAA.
I'm trying to AAA heavy songs now.
I AAA'd Kind Lady.
Yeah, you were there.
AAA Air?
I'll work on it.
Is it?
I'm very close.
What was I really close?
I'm really close on, like, Butterfly and Let's Get Down, the easy ones.
I can get, like, one great.
I just haven't yet to... I've yet to get zero greats.
What else have I gotten really close on?
There was another one I got really, really close on the other day.
Oh, yeah, I'm really close on Let's Groove as well.
But there's something else.
I think Do It Right, the purple one, with the purple...
Harmonize Two-Step, thank you, I'm really close on that one too.
So.
Uh, oh, and 1998.
Anyway, so there's like a lot of these sevens I'm really close on, but I haven't done it yet.
I'm so close!
Anyway.
So there's been that, and Friday I went out there too, but I just played a couple games because I was going to meet somebody more than anything on Friday.
And then yesterday was Chubb's birthday party, and I went with DarkSakura to San Jose, and we went to Milpitas Golf Land.
I got to play some Horsey Crack, because I haven't played in about three months, so I started a new horse, and her name is Sana.
Oh, I retired Happy Bunny.
Yes, you retired Happy Bunny.
and Bride of Kiriyamaoka.
Wow, you made a Kiriyamaoka breed, huh?
No, my horse and who was the mommy horse?
One of Mel's horses.
And they birthed a Kiriyamaoka.
Did you get any other rare horses?
I just have my three.
I saw a horsey on the top list, like the number one horse on the list was like a panda, but it was brown.
Yeah, it was a chocolate panda.
That was neat.
How exciting.
Yes, to go with the chocolate martinis.
Then, what else was I thinking?
Oh, also, the other cool thing about Derby Owners Club, I've never seen, for some reason, whenever I've been to play, I always get, like, the outdoorsy tracks.
I've never seen that track that's Sega, and it's, like, nighttime, and it has Sonic the Hedgehog on it and stuff.
That's a good track.
It's cute.
I like it.
I saw the coolest thing, though, on Horsey Crack.
What?
What?
A five horse photo finish.
Oh yeah, I remember seeing that.
The five horse photo finish.
It's crazy.
Five horses all finished with the same seconds and like what, thousandth second?
They all finished five of them.
It was crazy.
And three of them were nose and two of them were neck.
And if you've never played Horsey Crack before, it's lots of fun.
And if you live in SoCal, I hear they're all over SoCal now.
And there's a couple in NorCal too.
Yes, VHG, Horsey Crack.
and then after Milpitas Golf Land we went over to Dave and Buster's and oh my god oh my god I love Dave and Buster's like I've never had as much fun as I did yesterday because we drank yesterday and this is what I learned about Dave and Buster's I never knew this before call me stupid or whatever but I never knew this before there's little lights above all the machines and if you're sitting in a machine and you're playing and it can be anything
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
They had that one, and it's also in the same family of Namco games as Prop Cycle.
The Prop Cycle.
What is it?
Kayaking.
It was a kayaking game.
Is that what you call it?
Well, more like Inflatable Raft.
Inflatable Raft.
River Rafting.
Okay, we'll call it River.
It's a River Rafting game.
It is so much fun.
And Jamie and I kicked ass at it our first time.
We were on the high score list our first game.
Yeah, number one.
Shut up, Loki.
We ran the whirlpool and everything, and the penguins.
So DarkSakura and I did a little, yes, there were penguins at the end of the glacial level, so cute.
Anyway, DarkSakura and I, we played this game and we drank a lot.
Like, I didn't really get to drink a lot, though, because I was driving, so I had to be responsible.
I was still under my usual.
And I had my one martini.
And then we played Pump It Up Premiere 3, which I'd never seen before, but they had Premiere 3 of Pump It Up there.
I played all the old crap.
There's only one licensed recognizable song in the whole game.
and it's pink.
Get the party started.
But it's really crazy because there's parts... If you play it on crazy mode, like, they ain't fucking with you.
It really is crazy.
You'll be jumping around and, like, you'll have this freeze that are the top two arrows because, you know, Pump It Up is five.
It's four corners in the center.
So it's like the top two arrows and then you have to hit the middle one with your hand and then the back two with your hand as well.
And this is all in the span of about, like, one second.
It's crazy.
It's like a 12-footer.
It's sick.
So we were watching Chubbs, and people tried to do that, and it was really funny, because Chubbs was really drunk, and he was doing it on the ground and stuff.
She was hand-slamming and stuff, and he was like, ow, my hand hurts.
It was so funny.
It was so funny.
Johnny and I were all playing all the Wimpy Easy stuff.
Oh, that was cool.
I played Conga on hard.
It was fun.
Yeah, and then Chubbs is all, hey, can I take your game?
Can I do a song?
I'm like, okay, just don't fail.
He failed B in five seconds.
I was so mad.
That was like two dollars I was out.
Because Dave and Buster's is expensive.
But, good times.
Otherwise... There was the humongous food court.
Oh my god, at the Great Mall, they had the biggest food court I've ever seen in my life.
Oh my god.
They had, like, Chinese, Japanese, Indian, McDonald's, steak.
Yeah, it was a rip-off, but it was huge.
It's so big.
So, uh, yeah, we did all that, and then we got home last night at about 2am, and then Loki and I were watching music videos until, uh, late.
Which one might I talk about later?
I don't know.
So, I guess we'll take a break.
Unless anybody else has something they want to say?
Let's play some of that VRare 2 stuff tonight.
Okay, let's do that.
Let's play something on VRare 2.
There's nothing... There's nothing new that hasn't been in Japan already, but it's new to the U.S.
And there's just some interesting things on it, so why not?
We'll give it a spin.
Let's see.
We'll play... I don't play anything that's super long, so... I think that we should go with...
You know what, looking at this, I'm really not sure what to, because some of these are really long.
Yeah, so I'll just play some of the game edits.
Here's the funk disco extended mix of High Lady.
Okay.
What is that?
It's kind of a long one.
It's kind of long, so this will be the only song we play this break.
When we come back, we will talk about other stuff.
We'll talk about some Imani news going on.
Loki will give us a sim update.
And later tonight, by the way...
I don't want to ruin it if it's your cage match pick.
Oh no, you're picking, you told me you're doing the paranoia thing, right?
Tonight?
So we have a new Loki remix to debut tonight, yes?
Yes, so we have a new Loki remix to debut a little later on in the program.
So, enjoy this from the DDR Max 2 VRare.
This is Kind Lady, the funky disco extended mix, and we'll be back.
and many more.
I'll give the love you need till you hover in obscurity I'm like a restaurant, I'm a great lady You can hurt me, but I am the cure And when you wake up late thinking it's a dream Just touch me, boy, you know you can count on me Believe me!
It's late, it's late, you know what you found in me It's a late, it's kinda late, and you
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Please listen to Orange Lounge Radio because real radio makes Captain Jack cry.
Welcome back.
We hope you enjoyed that kind lady funk disco extended mix, all seven minutes of it, from the USA V-Rare 2 soundtrack.
DJ Ranma S
DDR Max, it says, Dance Dance Revolution game features over 70 songs and 100 plus minutes of authentic dance music.
And then DDR Max 2 says, the DDR Max 2 Dance Dance Revolution game features over 65 songs and 100 minutes, exactly, of authentic dance music.
Eww.
Well, it's not cooked yet.
I need to marinate it, though.
Alright.
Eww, you ungrateful veggie cookie.
You've been here and you're going, eww.
Because it looks ewwy.
There's conversations going on here without a microphone.
You know what?
There's a big rule that I try to remember.
It's called never think while you eat.
We'll just take a picture of it and put it in front of you while you're eating dinner.
Fun.
Then we'll remind you of your ew.
It'll look better when it's cooked.
I know it will.
Then when you look on the side, it says in really, really tiny print,
Warning, all rights reserved.
Unauthorized duplication is a violation of applicable laws.
Printed in the USA.
V-Rare Soundtrack USA.
And in the Max 2, it says V-Rare Soundtrack 2.
So, it's kind of like, it's in really, really tiny print, but it's kind of a nod to the Japanese V-Rare ones.
Very.
V, very rare.
Very rare.
It's very rare.
If it were meat, it would still be mooing.
Actually, for the record, Max 2 has 69 songs in it.
What a nice number.
Not quite 70, but 69.
And I think Max1 had like 71.
So... So yay.
What else can I tell you about what's going on?
What's going on in Bomani News this week?
Anybody hear any interesting things?
Yes, Loki.
I know some things, and if you don't mention them, I will.
Yes, Loki.
Okay, a bunch of shit's gone down this week.
Um, starting with, um, first off, more details about DDR Extreme.
Um, it being that it's very similar to Max 2.
Ooh, surprise.
Surprise?
Okay, anyways, um, let's see.
There's gonna be dancing characters.
Ooh, surprise.
I know everyone's surprised.
Um...
I think we announced last week's A Stupid Barber was going to be in there.
Yes.
That type of shit.
And I'm trying to think, what else?
Nothing really else as far as, you know... Did we announce the other songs that were going to be in it?
Yeah, we probably did, didn't we?
Probably.
That's no big deal, though.
So yeah, not too much going on with DDR Extreme.
They're not going to release too much more information because obviously it's coming out in a couple weeks, so, you know...
I don't honestly think there's going to be too much more unlocked in that game than what they have.
It'll probably be A Stupid Barber.
And guess what?
I found out today that Forever Sunshine is going to be Forever Ours in the U.S.
Yes, that piece of shit, Forever Sunshine, is going to be pretty much replacing Let Them Move in the U.S.
as the piece of shit track that they get to put on every single release.
Now, wait a minute.
Last week we did have that vote, and Let Them Move is still considered the worst of the two songs.
Yeah, okay, so basically what you're saying is instead of, like, Carrot Top, I have, um, I don't know, um... Charro.
Yeah, I have that.
I mean, they're both bad, but, you know, it'll still wear on you, but anyways...
Enough with DDR Extreme, nothing going on there.
The big news was in Dance Dance Revolution Party Collection, which they announced the new tracks.
And this is what's coming out after Extreme, and there's more news coming out on this mix than there is on the other one.
First off, let's start with the new exclusive songs.
Well, some of them exclusive, but anyways.
We have Freedom, the new B4U track, which no one gets to rat's ass about.
Wannabe by the Spice Girls, which is also going to be in Dancing Stage.
I have a rant about that when you're done.
Try to Love You, which was also in Max 2 USA, Stars, which was in Poppin' Music, Stars in Second Naoki Style, whatever that means.
We might have that somewhere.
I'm going to look for that, see if we have it.
I need you, the Inside Out Door Mix, which is a remix of I Need You from Max 2 USA, and then a new Paranoia remix called Paranoia Respect by 0.3K.
Just What the World Needs, another Paranoia mix.
Which is probably going to be a 300 BPM Paranoia.
and they announced a few more licensed tracks in here.
Unfortunately, I didn't know which ones were new than what we had last time.
One of the ones I remember is Music, which is from 4th Mix.
Oh, I love that song!
Um, Ecstasy from 5th Mix, of course, um, Overblast was another one.
It looks like it's a pretty decent collection of, like, songs in there.
Um, Moonlight Shadow, you know, Missing Heart, um, is pretty good.
Plus, this game has selectable characters, and you earn the characters as you go along in it.
And that's another thing about DDR Extreme, is you earn the characters as you go along, not all at one time unlocked, like in Max 2 USA.
The selection screen for the characters is actually pretty cool.
They had a video that was on IGN that people grabbed shots from that are pretty cool.
You know what it reminded me of, that character selection screen?
Have you guys ever played one of those bootleg Nintendo carts?
It's like Mortal Kombat with 64 characters, and they have all these little tiny pictures just all lined up in a big table.
That's what it reminded me of, the character selection screen, because there's so many characters in this party collection.
anyways uh...
So that's pretty much all that's going on there.
Obviously, it's going to be a reskinned Extreme engine.
Can I bitch for a minute about something?
Yeah.
I want to know why in the hell we're only getting one new Dance Mania license on this whole thing.
That license being Wannabe by the Spice Girls.
Without the obvious that it was on the Euromix, so we're getting it too.
I mean, because, you know, there's a hundred songs I could bring over from one of the USAs or Euromixes just because we got it.
Wannabe by the Spice Girls was on...
I believe it was Zipmania Best.
It was on one of the Dance Mania albums.
Dance Mania Diamond.
Easy.
Why waste any more effort on a compilation?
But why just one?
Because you'll buy it just the same.
No, I won't.
Not because of that song.
I mean, the Spice Girls are so five years ago.
If this was five years ago, fuck yeah, I would have eaten that shit up.
But this is five years later and everybody knows the Spice Girls are lame.
But Japan isn't exactly on top of modern culture in the US.
I understand that.
For them, the Spice Girls are like, whoa, that's so cutting edge.
I understand that, but why just one?
I would rather they do none.
If you looked at DDR best hits, there was nothing new about it.
It was just clear-cut best tracks.
Why give us these new tracks when they fucking suck?
I don't know.
Well, I don't know about these Konami originals.
They may be good.
When I talk about Dance Mania licenses, either you're going to take the effort to give us a lot of new Dance Mania stuff, which would be nice and very well appreciated, trust me, and prove that DDR is not dead yet.
or you can give us crap.
And that's what we're getting, is crap.
Now, aside from home versions, there was a little bit of arcade news this week.
First being DDR Extreme.
Everyone remembers back to when they were first releasing DDR Extreme.
It was beta testing and all that stuff.
How there were some onis for some of the older songs.
Just kind of like Little Bitch had some onis and stuff.
But there was one step chart that was going around forever that people were like...
I can't find this in the game.
This has got to be fake.
You know, it was the damn Darium Oni steps.
Well, come to find out, they were actually going to be in there, but they just cut them out at the last minute.
But thanks to the wonderful programming at Konami of Japan and their, you know, very buggy DDR Extreme,
You too can play these wonderful step charts that never made it in.
And don't tell me Xtreme does not feel rushed to any of you, because Xtreme is the most buggy of any DDR game they've released yet.
1998 just froze on me Thursday.
I played it first song, and it fucking freezes on me.
But the neat thing is, the arrows scroll by really fast to catch up, and you can still hit them if you're fast enough.
It's kind of challenging, but...
Also pisses you off.
But anyways, what you do is you do the Oni trick.
For those who are not familiar with the Oni trick, you have to go to an Oni selection screen or non-sub selection screen, and you kind of switch back and forth until you switch, I believe it's just above where you're looking for.
So say, for instance, you want to play Damn Darien with the Oni steps.
You pick a song, say, and what they've been doing is like the player's best.
So say Damn Darien is like number six in player's best.
So what you need is you need to get an Oni, a song with just Oni steps, so basically one of the Oni remixes, in number two, because, you know, they're going to match up.
So what you're going to do is you put it in there, and you switch real fast, and then when Damdarium comes up, it's going to have Oni steps on it, because you switched it really fast, and DDR Extreme is just really cool.
To kind of reiterate that point for those that might not be getting it, if you ever notice when you're switching around in the difficulties section,
for just a minute when you're spinning that wheel on the Oni courses if you're on something, let's say you're on an Oni course that has all heavy songs for just like a split second when you switch over to the one beneath it that might be a bunch of trick songs for like a split second those trick songs will be listed in green like it does that thing where it's collapsed and then it expands well like right as it expands it'll still be in that green color before it switches and that's the trick they're exploiting here
Yes, the new Oni steps, they've got Damodarium Singles and Doubles, which are okay.
They've got one for, what was it, Love Love Shine, that's new single Oni.
And then they have one that's just retarded for Blue Impulse.
All it is is completely blank and one freezer at the very end.
It looks like one of my edits that I did to kick the can years ago called Big Cans.
It's one arrow at the end of the whole thing.
That's the one where Rick and Timmy Nepal got off the machine and ran circles around Golf Land and then came back and hit the last step.
Yes, that was my edit to Big Cans, which I never did finish Big Cans will always be only half the song I never finished it It's gone, I think I deleted it Do you really?
I found one of my old missing memory cards that has my edits on it
I'm making a new Legend of Max edit, but um...
A new thing I was going to mention also, the last of the news, is there was a nice little bootleg upgrade on eBay recently.
It was Dance Dance Revolution Megamix, which included all the songs from 4th, 5th, and Extreme.
A nice little bootleg package there, which is actually still up for auction right now.
Or it says, seller ended the listing early because of the error in the listing.
The item has been relisted.
I don't see what they say.
What are you reading here?
I'm just reading the auction.
It says, this auction is for the 9th Dance Dance Revolution upgrade kit named Mega Mix.
This upgrade includes all the songs from 8th, 5th Mix, and 4th Mix games.
The kit includes Marquee, which looks like a piece of shit.
Um...
Upgrade instructions and software and hardware components to upgrade your third mix and higher DDR2 player machine.
Loki will link this eBay auction in the chatroom for all of you.
Yes, it is just a piece of shit.
Now, I noticed that you had posted about this over on Aaron in Japan, and they were all kind of going, obviously this isn't an official Konami release.
No, I did not post it on Aaron in Japan.
Okay, they had already had it posted in there.
I saw it actually earlier in the week.
Sorry, sorry.
And people started noticing it, but...
Duh, obviously it's a bootleg, but the most curious thing about this is whether it legitimately is 8th, 5th, and 4th or not.
I am knocking my shit over!
What are you doing?
What are you doing?
Those are my post-its!
No!
What the hell?
Shit, they have got information on them.
It's important information.
Gosh.
Sorry.
Sorry.
I like being overdramatic.
No, but anyways, no, it's a legit hack in the game, so it does have all the songs that it claims it has, it's just that no one spent time to create a marquee.
I don't believe that the guy is telling you that all the songs are in there, but I will not believe it until I see a video of it.
Period.
Why?
Because I just, it doesn't make sense.
I don't, because how do all those songs fit on a CD?
There's got to be some kind of switch or something.
They're doing something...
Either it's fake or there's something really low tech about it.
Easy!
Easy, you take out the videos.
Okay, so that's a possibility, but that's just what I want to know.
I want to know more about it.
It don't take up that much space.
It really is not that hard to do that.
Well.
I'm being a stubborn bastard.
Is it really only a dollar right now?
Maybe I should place a bid.
The reserve isn't met on that.
Obviously, the reserve price is going to be over $1,500.
I could bid $69 on it.
You could, but you won't win.
I said that he should give it to me for free.
I would laugh at whoever was stupid enough to bid on that.
Actually there were four bids last time.
Why?
I get it.
Okay, think about this.
Think about this.
Say you got it.
It's a bootleg machine.
You know that from the get-go.
You already have a bootleg machine that's not making any more money for you right now.
So what you do, you get a nice upgrade bootleg machine.
Anyway, since all of them are illegal over here anyways.
And you take that and you put it in your arcade next to your DDR Extreme, which is still making some money.
And then you make a new marquee for it.
And whoa, there you go.
You're assuming this thing works?
I wouldn't waste my money on anything.
Hey, all the bootlegs for Max 2 and DDR Extreme work, why would this be any different?
Because they're bootlegs in the sense that they are copies of Konami official things.
No, they are hacked hardware.
Somebody went in there and not only hacked the hardware, but hacked the programming.
Why is that a problem?
I don't believe it until I see a video.
What are they showing here?
They're showing a shoddy marquee.
and they're not showing any in-game shots, anything about the game itself.
We're all going off just what this guy says, which, you know, okay, maybe it's right, you know, but I just, I don't get it.
It doesn't make sense.
I want to know more about how this is actually operating.
Is it really all in one mix?
Is it like one of those Taiwan 64-in-1 games where you pick one of the games before you start the game?
What is this about?
I don't know enough about it and I would never spend $1,500 on it.
I would.
I would.
You're crazy.
If I had extra money, I'd definitely buy it.
You're very crazy.
Anyways, alright, so there's that.
It smells like burning in here.
Yeah, it smells like burning because VHG's cooking.
Hey!
You know what?
I don't like beer.
I know you don't like beer.
Oh yeah, you can drink all my Coronas and stuff that I've got in there because I bought those home for free.
Oh, I already told her she could have one.
Except I sort of like Corona because it doesn't taste like American beer.
Someone drink the pale ale.
Seriously.
I'll take them home.
Okay.
Okay, um, I think what we will do is we'll take another quick break.
Can I play something?
What do you want to play?
We should play that Paranoia remix.
Do you want to do your new mix?
Oh yeah, that's right, I was gonna, well, hmm.
Wait, wait, it's a game, it's a game, yeah.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Talk about your new remix, Loki.
Well, earlier this week, we downloaded illegally off the internet because we watched the video about the bad things about piracy and how it hurts the record industry.
Right.
And then we said we don't care, so we went ahead and downloaded it anyways, since it sucked.
And we downloaded the brand new album for Enigma, Enigma 5, which...
I believe it's called Voyager.
Enigma, great band.
I love some of their stuff, like the Cross of Changes was an awesome album.
This new album, Voyager, fucking blows.
Well, don't you want to cue it up?
Yes, I do.
Sorry.
Anyways, there's a song on there called Boom Boom, which is kind of neat.
And so I mixed that with Echoes from 9th Style.
I got no boom boom echoed in my head remix.
So this is going to be interesting because a lot of you guys may not have heard Echoes before.
It's kind of one of the lesser known songs from Night Style, but it's got a pretty cool backbeat to it.
Yeah, and I just totally mixed it around, and that's actually pretty decent for a mix.
It wasn't hurried along at all, so it turned out pretty well.
Alright, so here it is, the world premiere here on Orange Lounge Radio of Loki's latest remix.
This is Boom Boom, the Echoed in My Head remix.
And it's Enigma vs. Dragoon.
Enigma vs. Dragoon.
We'll be back.
Alright, that was a world premiere of Boom Boom, originally by Enigma, but remixed right there by Loki.
The Echoed in My Head remix, so it had a little bit of echoes from Nightstyle in there.
So, what'd you guys think?
Boomy.
Your chair attracts more microphone cord than, like, a pimp attracts hose.
Here you go.
Uh, what'd you think of it, Bradley?
Sounded pretty cool.
Yeah, I liked it.
He definitely made that album better.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
Basically.
Although, I will say the fourth album has my favorite Enigma song ever on it, Gravity of Love, which has a cool video on it, as Loki saw last night.
So, yeah, Gravity of Love, good Enigma song.
The entire Voyager album, bad Enigma song.
Is the video like watching a Bjork video?
It's not quite that fucked, but it's like Eyes Wide Shut.
I haven't seen that movie.
It's pretty cool.
So...
Alright, so that was the Boom Boom Boom, uh, not Boom, sorry, not Boom Boom Boom, that's a Vengaboys song, that was Boom Boom, the, uh, Loki, you should mix Boom Boom with Boom Boom Boom.
Ah, that song that I wanted you to mix, I played it for Rob yesterday, Dutch Glockenspiel.
Oh yeah.
And I left the CD at home.
Eh.
Okay, we're going to break with some Bomani songs.
I'll play a couple songs that you can find.
There are Bomani songs that are typically in the game, but you can find them on the US VRare 2 soundtrack.
We're going to hear... Oh, we played that first break, yeah.
We're going to play the Bad Routine, and we'll play some Vanity Angel, because that's a good song.
And...
We can play the really shitty I Feel Mix.
Why not?
That's short.
Alright, we're going to do the I Feel Mix.
We'll start off with the I Feel Mix here.
The New Age... Here we go.
This is... Well, judge for yourself.
The New Age Hope Mix of I Feel is going to start off this break.
This is the New Age Put Me to... The Hope of Going to Sleep Mix.
And we will be back with the Orange Lounge Cage Match.
Yay!
Stay tuned.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
and the CD is currently spinning we'll be back I feel I feel I feel
I feel... I feel... I feel... You will not hear the crappy I feel.
Because... Because...
Hello Flo, make me a sandwich!
Thanks for watching!
Thank you for watching!
Mr. Random Person on the Street, who by the way is not an actor, what do you think of the Orange Lounge Big Money Music and More show?
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly.
It's like being at a club, except you don't have to actually ask someone to dance.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
on this lovely Sunday evening here, episode number 63 in progress.
And we're going to get to the cage match in just a minute, but I want to ask you guys about this site.
A lot of you guys were looking at this before the show.
This is a site that somebody brought to my attention earlier this week in our chat room.
Just head on over to www.callybomani.com, click on Orange Lounge and click on Chat.
The site is sexiestgamer.com.
Have you guys seen this?
Hold on, I'll bring it up over here for you guys that haven't seen it yet.
And those of you that are listening, feel free to visit.
But basically what this website is all about is that there is this website, and I believe it's British.
Yes, Gamer.TV.
Gamer.TV is a British network, right?
They're trying to find the world's sexiest gamer.
And this is what they say.
They say, this is kind of what it's about here.
What gives?
There's booty for the best booty.
Find out what's at stake beyond your reputation.
So you look here, it says, this is what the whole idea behind Sexiest Gamer is about.
Our mission is to prove to the world that gamers are not joystick jockeys glued to their keyboard.
Our search for the sexiest gamer gives you, male and female gamers, the opportunity to send in your hottest gaming-related pic.
Visitors to the site will be able to rate the hotness of each entrant.
We all know that being a babe means different things to different people.
You don't need to be a supermodel.
Anyone can enter.
Time to get on down.
The first round of voting for all selected entrants starts on the 2nd of October and continues until the 20th of November.
Based on the first round of voting, 10 finalists will be selected.
Voting will then begin on the finalists.
On the 12th of December, 2003, a live grand finale will be held in front of a celebrity judging panel.
The finalists will be asked gaming and personality questions and based on their performance and their results from the second round of online voting, the judges will select the male and female winners.
And they win a trip.
I'm thinking that Orange Lounge has a large and sick enough fan base that maybe I should enter.
What do you guys think?
Should I enter this?
Would you guys vote me a 10 if I entered?
I'm serious.
I'm not going to do it if you guys aren't going to back me up.
And that includes the chat room.
Alright.
Where's your beer?
I don't know what happened to your beer, Jamie.
I have to think about... Jamie, what do you think?
Should I enter this?
Okay.
Yeah.
Would you enter it too?
No.
Why not?
I want some female needs to enter to represent Orange Lounge Radio.
Erin, I think you need to enter.
Yes, I think you need to enter the Sexiest Gamer competition with me.
It'll be me and you.
We're going to win that trip.
We will get our Orange Lounge Radio legions of fans to vote for us as Sexiest Gamer.
But this is the thing, is that there's so many assholes in the Bomani community that they're going to go and vote us a one just because it's us.
So we have to vote over and over and over them in order to pull this off.
If it's IP, log on to a dial-up account and do it.
I don't know.
I'm thinking about it.
We'll have more details as we go on.
But think about it, because if Aaron or I could win this thing,
Then we could go on to Gamer.TV and whore the shit out of this station.
Tell me that's not a beautiful idea.
All right.
Yes, we will wear sexy orange clothes.
We will wear nothing but orange lounge shirts in our pictures.
What?
An orange lounge suit?
No, I'm serious.
Aaron, are you going to enter this shit if I do it?
Alright.
I will see what we can do.
Alright.
Some more to come in future weeks on that.
We'll let you know next week where the sexiestgamer.com project stands.
In the meantime, how about we have ourselves a cage match?
How does that sound?
Sure!
Good, I'll give you guys some music to listen to while you're eating.
Last week in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match, it was another tie, but the winning song was a little bit surprising, at least to me anyway.
My song won, and it was a song that was suggested to me by The Ice Bitch, who hasn't been to a show in a while, but he suggested this before the show last week.
It's kind of a booty song, it's a song that maybe...
You could hear one day on Solo 2000, something like that.
This song is like the epitome of booties.
Well, here it is.
This is the song that won last week and the first song you can vote for tonight.
The way the cage match works, just a reminder, you have to be in our chat room to participate.
It is a listener-supported event.
www.callybomani.com Click on Orange Lounge and click on Chat.
I'm going to play three songs for you guys.
After the three songs are over, you vote on your favorite.
The winning song goes into rotation all week long on Orange Lounge Radio and comes back next week.
So since this song won last week, you only get to hear a clip of it.
Here's last week's... No, sorry, you only get to hear a clip of it.
That's the rule.
It's not fair to the other songs.
It's not fair to the other songs.
This is song number one tonight.
The band is Fanny Pack, and the song is Camel Toe.
Enjoy.
Alright, that was song number one.
Fanny Pack with Camel Toe.
Last week's winner.
Okay, let's get on into our next song.
Next song will be Loki's song.
Why don't you tell us about it, Loki?
This song is featured on the Diverse Systems CD, Hello Boss, which is a remix CD of all Bomani music.
And they're done by these independent artists from Japan who do a lot of the BMS files you find out there.
And we're talking quality music.
The best
Beat Mania Files, if you ever find out there.
Definitely not this crap that you would see in, like, maybe, uh, I don't know, Tourney Mix or something like that.
But, um, no, this is really quality music.
Um, they sell a CD in Japan, Diverse Systems.
Anyway, this song is called, um, P8107.
Now, what the 8107 means, I don't know, but it's a remix of Paranoia that's fucking awesome, so...
This is Ono Ken with PH107
Okay, song number two.
Onokan with PB1, er, I'm sorry, P8107.
I keep reading that as PB.
I have peanut butter on my mind.
Let's go around and get votes from our studio.
Jamie.
Um, this one gets a 9.
The only reason it doesn't get a 10 is because it's more paranoia.
And that's it.
But other than that, it's like, damn, damn perfect.
I'll go next, I agree with Jamie, same score, I give it a 9, same reason, it's another paranoia, but it's very cool because it sounds like tack, and that's cool.
Loki!
It gets a 10 because it's the most awesome paranoia remake ever, and it will blow the crap out of whatever this paranoia respect piece of shit's gonna be.
So, it's way better.
And this is another example of how Konami has failed us as a company in producing a quality dancing game.
So, you know, you can really save yourself a lot of money and license some of these independent artists to make really kick-ass music for almost nothing.
But no, go ahead, license your expensive tracks that suck ass like wannabe.
That's fine.
Whatever.
Alright, moving on.
Let's see.
Jonas just arrived.
What do you have to say?
Well, 10 for Loki's reasons as well.
Well, this is like the only Paranoia Remix I actually think is one of the best of all time.
I don't know why the hell they have the speed of Paranoia Survivor.
Almost from 200 to 270.
And then you've got like Paranoia Evil, that's how it grabs like... You know Paranoia Red, which has almost no rhythm to it.
This blows the shit out of any fan-made Paranoia remix, basically.
The only one I could actually see acceptable was probably Paranoia Massive.
But I think this is a lot better.
Alright.
Does your friend that you brought along want to comment on this at all?
No, he's... Seven.
Alright, sadly...
Pretty good, but I'm not as impressed by it as you people are, but I'll give it an 8.
Okay, an 8 from Bradley.
Violent Hyper Girl, Chef Iron... Violent Chef Girl.
Okay, um, it was okay, it wasn't too bad, but it's still more paranoia yet again, so I guess an 8.
I mean, it's not so bad, but it wasn't really overly great, you know, like, oh my god, great.
Okay, and last but not least, Puppy.
When Loki first said online that he found a good Paranoia remix, I was like, either you're shitting me or the sun's about to explode, so I went outside to see if the sun exploded yet.
It hadn't, so I wasn't sure, but now that I've heard it, it's actually good, and I like it, and I give it a 10, and I just hope that we aren't all dead tomorrow.
Alright, chat room seems to really take a liking to that one, but you guys, it's not over yet, we have one more song in the cage match, and it's Jamie's entry, and why don't you tell us a little something about it, Jamie?
It's Delirium, after all, remixed by Samson and Ewan.
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Okay, that was song number three, Delirium, featuring Jael, with After All, the Svensson and Ghislaine mix.
Janie?
It gets ten.
That's it?
That's it.
I give it a nine.
Very nice.
Good vocal.
It's a good contrast to the other song, too, and certainly to song one, because it has vocals.
It's nice.
I like it.
I dig it.
Svensson and Ghislaine are the shit.
Loki is in the kitchen.
Both the women weren't so dirty.
Um... Fine, I'll make some of my instant rice in my rice cooker.
And it'll be instant goodness.
Anyways, nah.
Um... It was alright.
I've heard that song, like, numerous times on numerous CDs, so it's... Really worn out.
To me.
Plus, I have the CD.
It's somewhere around here.
Oh!
No, that's... yeah.
Well, alright.
But is it the Svensson and Gillen mix?
Give it a number already.
I give it number... two.
No, I give it a... eight.
That's cool.
Alright, moving on.
Jonas.
I'll give it a nine.
I like the song, the lyrics, the way they actually did the trance itself.
Does it make it sound like more GTS or generic kind of shit?
Alright, uh, Bradley.
That's pretty good.
I'll give it an 8.5.
SilentHyperGirl.
I think that was okay.
It wasn't too bad.
Nice, kind of, subtle fan.
Give it a 9.
Okay, sounds good.
Puppy?
Uh, it's a decent song, it just didn't really catch my attention and suck me in like any, like a song I like would have, so I was gonna A.
Alright, that's the votes.
That's interesting.
Both songs entered in tonight against last week's winner.
Nobody gave either one anything below an 8, which is kind of interesting.
I don't think that's ever happened before.
Usually somebody's giving somebody else a 4.
No, you can't change your vote.
It's too late.
So, all the songs are well liked by the studio tonight.
They're saying except number 1.
Well, number 1 won last week, so somebody liked it.
Here's a quick recap before we let you vote, and you'll be voting by sending private messages to Sky, but here you go, here's a quick recap.
Song number one, Fanny Pack with Camel Toe is the first song you can vote for tonight.
Alright, song number two you can vote for tonight is P8107.
Alright, song number three you can vote for tonight is Delirium featuring Jaliel with After All, the Svensson and Ghislaine mix.
Alright, place vote now!
And if you don't know how to do that, you can either double click on somebody's name or you type slash msg sky and then your vote.
And you guys have about three minutes to place your votes for the cage match.
So, Jonas, you showed up before we got into cage match.
What's new with you?
We haven't seen you in a while.
Oh, not much.
College.
Made a few DWIs.
and you want to plug those, where can people find them and what are they called?
That's on my website, www.gameroom.com slash explicit.
Hold on, let me see if you type me that right.
Huh, what are you going to do here?
Just make sure you spell explicit right.
Oh.
You spell it wrong and you get the wrong link.
What's that?
3X.
Okay, XXXPLIZIT, okay.
Okay, so I'm going to post that site in the chat room for you guys if you want to visit the explicit site.
There it is.
Let me see, the last time I came here, I've only had like around 7 sim files.
Now I have like 11 released, including Paranoia Massive.
For those of you who want to try it out.
Who's the friend that you brought with you tonight?
That's my cousin.
Oh, your cousin.
Let's say hello to the cousin.
Oh, he's a little radio shy?
Oh, okay.
Hi, Erwin.
How you doing?
He's quiet.
All right, all right.
That's fine.
That's fine.
Let's see.
What else is new?
Loki, you got a minute over there?
You got a minute over there, Loki?
Here he comes.
I just wanted to know if you would tell us about... Don't tap the mic, because that goes out of the air.
If you'd tell us all what's going on in the sim world.
There's some stupid contest.
It's called TourneyMix 4.5+, my ass.
It's not important, so you shouldn't care.
TheFNDC.com
I thought the reason why they entered, like, made Tournament Mix 4 a plus is because people are, like, sick and tired of this anime and trance category being, plaguing, like, Tournament Mix 4.
I know.
What?
Let me bitch some more about my tournament that I'm holding.
Don't hold it then if you don't want to bitch about it.
I know.
We're not going to miss it.
Hello, there's a site called Bomani Sims, or should I say Bomani Style.
New music comes up there all the time.
And guess what?
It's not all trance and, you know, anime music.
Other music exists out there, but you limit everyone by what you can put in there so you don't get anything good.
Stop whining.
In fact, there's been some real shit on Bomani Style's system.
I think I've seen some country songs in there and just some weird shit.
Yes, I agree.
TurnMix is run by stupid people.
Well, some stupid people.
How the hell did they put Legend of Arc third place in TurnMix 4?
Well, think about all the work that went into it.
He shot his own video, he made his own steps, he made his own song.
I mean, that's pretty good.
As opposed to, like, I shit out steps for a song that I named wrong because I got it off of Kazaa, and I don't know what the real title is, so I'm going to say it's the Inspector Gadget theme.
Even though it's a classical piece, because I'm a stupid white person that doesn't know what real music is.
Here's a hint.
I would like to just give the tourney mix planners, the people that plan the next tourney mix, some advice.
And let me tell you something here, right out the gate.
No matter what you do, people are going to bitch that the contest sucks.
So don't even listen to us, don't listen to the chat room, whatever.
If you're happy doing your thing, do your thing, okay?
Because somebody's going to not like it, and you're just going to have to deal with that.
That's part of doing things and having a big tournament.
Thanks for watching!
Some sort of song that needs to have some audio quality set on it.
They need to be 192 or whatever quality.
They need to have some kind of audio quality set on it.
If they're not meeting these minimal standards, do not waste my bandwidth.
Number one, learn how to draw.
It's not that hard.
If you can't draw, take someone's picture, make it look nice, put a title on it, done.
Give credit where it's due.
Don't draw shit and paint.
It looks like crap.
And I've seen so many sim files where they...
The banner art and stuff is just like utter shit.
I don't care if you can't draw.
It's not that difficult.
Use fucking Photoshop filters.
It's not that hard.
I don't draw that much in Photoshop, but I use filters out of the ass, and it looks good.
So, just do that, and just, you know, pick good songs, you know, pick this crap, cut it good if, you know...
Make sure the steps sync and make sense and aren't insanely hard.
And number one of all things they should do is do not put who made the file on the file.
Because when you do that, you make people want to play these files because, oh, it's this person, and they won't play the file, they'll just vote because they like this person.
No, if you don't put, you know, what person is... BMR.
Yeah, what each file, who each file is made by.
If you don't put that on there until the very end, when all the voting is done,
Then you'll get a more fair vote.
But when you go ahead and put, you know, who made each file and all this stuff, and when you have people, you know, promoting their files like that, and I don't care if you promote your files, but the fact is that people are only voting, like, 30 people voted on one file, which might have been pretty good, but, you know, the ones that suck, like, Max, uh, whatever that was, I don't... Which one?
Neomax?
The Neomax.
Neomax, you know what?
Oh, wow.
Oh, you made your own little thing out of a MIDI program with, you know, fucking, um...
Fruity Loops, Whoopty Doo, Should I Pat You On Your Back I don't give a fucking shit if you made that song because it sucked it's just another Max remix that sucks so what if you put more work into it I put work into Legend of Trance and you know what I don't give a shit if it sucks it's fine you don't see me bitching about it but here's the thing everyone's like oh it's the BNCDR it's so cool no I'm sorry the thing I just played a little bit ago you know the Paranoia remix that was 100,000 times better than your fucking song okay that's what I have to say about that
Now, in fact, that's another thing, is people are like, oh, well, I wanna, you know, vote for this, because, and they didn't really play the song, they just, you know, voted for it because they're like, oh, and you know, Max is so cool, oh my god, this guy can be in DDR, oh!
That also gets me to one point.
Like, you know Boomerang, right?
He's been done by BMR, right?
He just re-edited the steps, put it on, people just overrate his ass, and...
With some of the things I've heard out of there, I think that a very loud fart would sound better than some of those.
And I thought he quit making sim files like three years ago.
Come on now.
Here's, okay, here's my, this is why maybe, I'm just going to kind of play devil's advocate here and tell you why maybe they have not gone to the anonymous system.
Let's say you submit a file to the Tourney Mix and it's anonymous, whatever.
But let's say I do it.
Now, everybody knows I'm not going to enter Tourney Mix because I know I'm not talented enough.
I go in and then I come on this station and say, Oh, hey, by the way, you guys, I entered 2 Become 1 by the Spice Girls in the contest and you all need to go vote for it at 10.
Well, there, I've just fucked up the whole anonymous thing.
How are you going to keep 200 people quiet and not get their friends to go on there and vote their songs 10?
That's why the anonymous thing...
Probably has not been tested.
Now, you could say, oh, if we find you, we'll get you, but you know that's not going to work.
You're not Big Brother.
You can't see everywhere and stuff, you know, so.
Any comments on that, Loki?
I was just going to say, do you have any comments on that?
Because I was playing devil's advocate to your anonymous idea.
I wasn't listening to what you were saying.
Okay, real quick.
Let's say I submit an entry, and then I come on Orange Lounge Radio and say, Hey guys, look for my entry such and such.
Vote for it at 10.
Well, now haven't I just ruined the whole anonymous thing?
No, because guess what?
Not everyone gets on this radio show and promotes their thoughts except for me.
But what about, let's take somebody like the well-known people.
This is what you're trying to prevent, is you're trying to prevent the well-known people from winning every time, basically, just because of the well-known ones, and they're the ones who get their files downloaded.
Well, now all these well-known people post on boards, and some of them will post their own shit.
They're proud of their stuff, as they should be.
Well, fine, just make a rule against it.
That's pretty easy.
It's like they didn't rule about distributing files.
But you're not Big Brother, you can't see everything.
Yeah, but there's thousands of little minions of mine that are running around boards that are waiting to, you know, fucking, you know, turn this bastard in because they also have a sim file posted in TourneyMix, you know, because they have, like, 300 people entering this goddamn piece of shit.
So, obviously, you've got, you know, 300 people looking for their files on all these boards, so trust me, it gets covered pretty easy.
Alright.
Oh yeah, um, can I say something about the turn mixes and all the sim files?
Oh hell why not.
Well, there's like a lot of people I know that are like underrated and making sim files, but when I download some of them, they're actually hella good, just for the quality of the steps.
That's another thing, when is Civis, okay, the guy that's fuckin',
Runs DDR, EI What's he know about sim files?
I don't see him making shit, okay?
Now where is he?
You got like Moogle Hunter, he knows how to make sim files Now he would be a good judge Amani Ruler, he's made sim files I bet he writes hard files, that's the only problem Hey, it's fine, he's made sim files He ran a sim file site that's different You know, you've got the guy Those people Those should be the judges we have
What are all these other people going like, oh, your file sucks ass because I don't like trance music.
I'm sorry you don't like trance music, but you know what, that doesn't have anything to do with this.
They're judging the song.
I don't like this song.
It's a sim file contest.
It's about the file, not the fucking song.
I don't care if you don't like this song.
Or like people who made those SM errors, you know, Step Mania errors Oh yeah, Step Mania sucks!
Well that's maybe if DWI fucking updated their goddamn program within the last six months You know, we'd have people using that But I'm sorry, because Step Mania is like 100,000 times better than DWI So why don't you just have a Step Mania contest?
I know, seriously.
Because they're maniacs, so people can make files easy.
Because they're not doing it old school in Notepad.
Cry, cry, cry some more for me.
It doesn't matter if it's just Notepad or anything.
It's the way the quality of stuff is.
If you have something bust up with, like,
The whole point of this thing and the argument we get down to at the very end every time is that this tournament sucks.
Tournament sucks, just don't enter it, just whatever.
That's what I do, I don't enter it, I don't give a shit, I just at the very end, I download the files, weed out like the ten that are any good and delete the rest.
And that's what I do with everything.
I don't know, it looks like turnmix is like a bias, because anyone can throw like a porno video and get a number one spot on the turnmix, even though there's just a porno.
It's just a big joke.
The whole thing's a joke.
It was good when it was just like a little fun contest.
Turnmix 1!
We're going to make this a biannual thing where we, you know, do this and everyone's looking up to it.
Who gives a shit?
It's just a fucking contest.
Well, I was thinking about entering turnmix 4 plus just for the hell of it.
Use that existing sim file.
I think I'm going to use that song for wins.
I just, I don't care anymore because, you know, if I want to get quality sim files, they're not made by U.S.
people.
They're the Japanese people that are making the sim files.
They're the people back from when, you know, Dance Dance Evolution, that site was around.
Back when, you know, Fifth Mix was coming out for the arcade and sim files were coming up for that back in Delight Deliverance.
Duplication.
This site was up.
This was the only place where you can get all your official steps.
This was the site, and it was run by Japanese people.
And they also had originals, which had all difficulties, and they were intelligent steps, really nice backgrounds, professional, done everything.
And you know what?
When that site died, people didn't realize that the small site with the originals is still up.
And you know what?
I get sim files from there, and they're 100,000 times better than all these stupid sim files that people make.
I think we need to change the pace, what do the rest of you think?
Let's see, how about we announce the winner of the cage match?
Sorry about the delay.
No, that's alright.
Everybody needs to vent once in a while.
That's why we have the FUs coming up.
Oh yeah.
You two need to keep a quota tonight though.
You just bitched for about five minutes there.
So that comes off your FU times.
Alright.
Yeah, yeah, Loki's like, I'll drop it from 20 to 19.
Okay, tonight's winner of the Orange Lounge Cage Match, I have to say this, song number one, my pick, didn't get a single vote.
So, we had last week's winner did not get a single vote, and between the other two, fairly close, a lot of people voting, but in the end, the winner was P8107.
People felt very strongly about one song or the other, though, just looking in our chat room.
So we'll just see what happens next week when P8107 comes back and does battle against two new picks.
There's also another song that Onokid did.
You can play it later on break.
We'll do that later.
Hi, Jamie.
Hi.
I took a nap during the rant.
I did, because Corona makes me sleepy.
I need to go club a seal.
Okay.
Alright.
Alright, we'll be back.
We're going to take a quick break.
We're going to start off, I thought we'd start this off with Echoes from Nightstyle, so those of you that were listening to Loki's remix before can kind of hear what he had changed and all that stuff.
And then some other stuff.
Something from Guitar Freaks, something else from Nightstyle.
We will be back.
Oops, I have to say really fast.
Sorry.
Send your FUs of the week now because we're doing that when we come back in our chat room.
www.calibermoney.com Click on Orange Lounge and click on chat.
Let's try that again.
Dragoon with Echoes.
Music Music Music Music
Thank you for watching!
Hiho, Kermit the Frog here, informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio is brought to you by the letter B, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Hello everybody, welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio, we hope you're having a good time listening.
Episode number 63 in progress, we're going to get to the FUs of the week, but first...
Some quick station housekeeping announcements and things like that.
Just a reminder, we do have other shows here on Orange Lounge Radio now on Monday nights at 7 o'clock.
Me, Vanilla Sky is the show, and Rice Princess and Lanky Style also come over and visit, and Loki makes cameos all the time.
And we talk about game news and then other stuff going on.
And tomorrow night's show, I will make my official endorsement for California Governor.
And since my initial...
The answer is... Unicron.
Jamie, what's on Tuesdays?
Tuesday is Pump Up the Volume, which is my request show.
If you're hanging out in the chat room, make a request.
You might hear what you want played, because I have tons and tons and tons of MP3s.
So, that's where I basically hold up my hand, extend the middle finger toward the RIAA.
But I'm thinking of breaking out, I picked up the soundtrack for Initial D Special Stage Which is the PS2 Initial D game And I might play some stuff off of that Oh great, Nostylan's going to want to make love to you for that one He's been saying Eurobeat randomly in the chatroom for like the past three days Eurobeat, Eurobeat, more Eurobeat Then probably before the show we should, you know, send him the gift of a plastic keyboard cover Yes, that's probably a good idea
and maybe a blow-up doll.
Yeah.
Next.
Wednesday nights, there's nothing right now.
And Thursday nights, Livewire's on hiatus until November.
Right.
That is correct.
It's on break.
I'm building a cabinet and I need extra days.
Also, working on something else for 2004.
I like to call it the SC2K4 project, which only I think one other person knows about.
And it's going to be very, very complex if I pull it off.
That's something to look forward to in 2004.
Also, something else to look forward to in about one month, Orange Lounge Radio is going to be upping the stream quality.
Don't worry, modem listeners will not be shut out.
Modem listeners will still be able to connect as always, and it's going to be great, because the music is going to sound, if you have the correct codec loaded into Winamp, and if you don't, it's okay, the station will still play, it won't sound as good, but it'll still sound better than it does now even, but it's going to play DSL quality radio on a 56k stream, so it'll be really nice for some of you guys.
That's in about one month, as soon as Live365 gets all their...
We're also extending another kick to the 23rd Magus.
For being stupid.
Alright.
There it is.
Alright, so now I think, Jamie, it's your turn to take the stage and give us some rants.
How's that sound?
Sure.
Oops.
My first FU of the week goes toward this fan for blowing dust directly up my nose.
The next one goes to my house for being dirty because I work all the time.
So we cleaned the house today and my allergies wanted to, you know, murder me through my nose.
I was going to be dead, but I took a shower instead.
Another one goes toward Corona and Apple Juice for making me burpy.
This is the sparkling apple juice, which is the best stuff in the world.
Another F you goes toward all the stupid people that were on the road today.
I hate them all and wish that they would wreck their cars far away from me.
And another one goes to the stinky old man in my apartment complex who walks around smoking cigars.
Really stinky cheap cigars.
And the thing about really stinky cheap cigars is that they make me so nauseous smelling them that I have been known to throw up before.
Yeah, very disgusting.
So this old man stops me because I usually, you know, just sort of tuck my hand under my nose when I walk past him so I don't have to smell it.
and he's like, hey, do you have a problem?
Do you have a problem?
And I just kept walking, but next time he does that, I'm going to say, yeah, it's you and your stinky smoke, so.
I have a problem with how he stinks and what I have a problem with.
Another one goes toward my car in Meineke for misdiagnosing my car.
Potentially it may not be the head gasket.
It may be the valve job.
And another F you goes to all the people who have said that they're going to sign up for my message board and haven't yet.
It's just... It's... I don't... That's why I said the people who said they were going to sign up and didn't.
It's... It's, uh...
roleplay.darksakura.com, sign up for it or I'll kill you.
That was beautiful.
And another FU goes toward not having all the information that's needed to set up a particular server for a particular game.
Right?
Sorry, I missed that.
Thank you for watching!
See you next time!
I feel to myself for mis-measuring every single aspect of everything on my DDR pads, thus making them one hell of a mismatch of pieces.
But they still turned out okay, it's just that everything's mis-measured and sticking out in places and stuff like that that shouldn't be.
F you to old people because you drive too slow and you should die F you to DMV for not sending me my tags yet because I got pulled over by a cop who was saying that my registration was expired but then after checking with his little dispatcher found out that my registration wasn't expired so that's pulling me over for no reason but he was nice about it and didn't write me a ticket like the guy last year
and then F you to all the women that are saying Arnold Schwarzenegger molested them in some way.
You know you wanted a piece of that.
You know you did.
He's a big hunky guy.
Don't tell me you didn't want any of that.
You're just mad now that he's becoming a political figure and you're not with that.
So don't be a hater.
Don't be a hater.
And don't tell me that this stuff isn't totally just because he's going to win the election.
Because that's why you're coming out a few days before like, Oh, I just now got the courage to tell you guys that he molested me or touched my ass or something like that.
Whatever, like, it's like a big coincidence, like, we don't know this, and Davis is like, oh, I didn't pay these people at all to say this stuff, not at all.
Um, so F you to them, and, um, F you to, um, Roy, because you got mauled by a tiger, and you know what?
Maybe if you weren't like, you know, such, you know.
The tiger was jealous because you weren't showing it any love.
You were loving the other lions and tigers and bears, oh my.
Oh my.
See, the tiger just couldn't understand why you like the small penis but not the big penis.
So, whatever.
Anyways, F you to Game Show Network for airing that show called Who Wants to Be the Governor of California?
Never in my life have I seen a more retarded show.
If anything, Mary Carey should never run for office ever.
In fact, she should just kind of disappear because no one wants to hear her talk.
Because she's an idiot.
A complete idiot.
But you know what?
This is why I think she should win.
Because I would like, at this point, to see California just crash and burn.
Like the big, um, space shuttle crash earlier, you know?
Yeah, it's just like... Just... Just burn.
I just want to see it go down and just die.
California just needs to die.
You know?
And, um, oh yeah, F you to, um, the government for actually searching for weapons of mass destruction.
You ain't gonna find them.
Stop wasting, just, just cop to it.
You know, we didn't like, we made up that there were, you know, weapons of mass destruction.
So what are you gonna do?
We already destroyed them and now we're rebuilding them.
Get over it.
And, um, F you to the fact that, like, um, I can't vote on the recall thing because I didn't re-register.
That sucks.
F you to certain websites out there, maybe Flamani related, that have little flash or shockwave animations that play MUSIC WHEN YOU GO TO THEIR GODDAMN SITE!
I'm gonna say this every week until you fucking turn that shit off.
No one wants to hear it, it's annoying.
Turn it off.
Your little flash animation?
Cool.
Music?
Not cool.
I think I'm done.
Finally.
F you to sports.
I don't care.
Why do the rest of you?
F you to Dave and Buster's because everything's so expensive there.
And you kicked everyone out at 10.30 that was under 18.
Or, I mean, under 21.
Sorry.
Over 18, but under 21.
And, you know, screw that.
We were there.
We were their escorts.
We were their parents for the evening.
Why you gotta kick them out?
They weren't drinking.
Most of them weren't.
Thanks for watching!
I think that's pretty much it.
I don't have a lot of FUs.
FU to the recall.
I just can't wait until this whole stupid thing is over.
It should never happen in the first place.
And FU to cell phones going off mid-show.
Just kidding.
I'm kidding.
Oh, come on, Aaron.
Yours does it all the time.
So does mine.
I'm kidding.
OFU to Walmart, Target, and the bookstore, and Ralph's, and the paper store in the Folsom Outlets because none of them carry giant birthday cards.
And I'm too lazy to go all the way to Sunrise Mall.
You people need to be more practical and think about my needs because the world revolves around me.
Thank you.
Alright, I'm done.
Let's hear from the rest of the room, shall we?
Starting with
Dare I say it, Jonas.
Tick Tock Tick Tock Victor, my name is not meant to be written in late, so stop it.
First of all, fuck the IAA.
Definitely.
No one wants to pay $20 for your shit.
Come on, we've downloaded MP3s for a reason.
To just try and see if it's a good music and all.
Who wants to spend $20 for sucky songs?
Yeah, exactly.
Okay.
Fuck some pigeons, try to shit on my car.
Yeah, I have to clean it up and shit.
I saw some dog trying to lick my balls off.
Okay, I have to ask, what were you doing with your balls exposed to a dog so they can lick them?
Okay, I was outside, um, running, and suddenly some dog tried chasing me.
Remember, it's not cheating if you put peanut, smear peanut butter all over your balls and have a dog lick it off.
Ballpark.
I love that show.
Let Jonas finish, Aaron.
He's not going to cut you off.
Don't cut him off.
Good job, Jonas.
Everybody give Jonas a hand.
Good job.
That's how to do it.
Good job.
Alright, Aaron, your turn.
I guess Greg and Claudio agree on me with this.
FU to math homework.
Lots and lots and lots of math homework and we have a test in like a week, unfortunately.
Goddamn midterm.
Um, FU to stinky people who play Initial D. Or it's that particular large, fat...
Nerdy-looking, smelly guy that beat Claudia at initial D. She knows who I'm talking about.
He's the equivalent of one of those really, really fat, like, glasses-wearing anime nerds who take Japanese just to figure out what they're saying.
You can watch their anime episodes.
Et cetera, et cetera.
And... let's see...
FU to Sean Davis of ECS30, who's not teaching us any programming, who is going straight through everything and not actually teaching, because I don't know anything about programming.
And, yeah, I think that's it.
And, oh, and FU to, um, FU to Nosan for Parra in IRC.
Parra is dead!
Get over it!
That was the one Bomani game nobody was playing in Miggle yesterday.
I'm going to make Paras once I get my controller and get it running in Step Mania.
I'm going to make Paras for Mac 300.
I'm going to work on my X-rated Para game.
I'd play that.
I will bring Para back single-handedly.
Or double-handedly.
Double-handedly depending on the technique.
Well, see, it's not that I hate all these little freaks saying that, oh, it's going to come back, it's going to come back.
We're playing for fun.
God, it's not a fucking community anymore.
Okay, I'm done.
Oh, one more real quick.
Let me squeeze in there.
F you to this really crappy movie, The Oral Adventures of Kraven Moorhead, number 17, because it was really dumb, and I just wasted my time watching it.
It was hilarious, I guess.
I have another one to put in.
F you to Workload57 for being the most boring and shittiest class on all of Earth.
I want to die now!
Bradley!
Wait up.
Fuck you to the job market and being evil and stuff like that.
Fuck you to waiting to find out if I got a job or not.
Fuck you for being discouraged that I probably won't.
That I didn't do well enough or something.
Let's see, what else?
Fuck you to... Let's see, what else?
Fuck you to squandering my money for...
being lazy for way, way, way, way, way, way, way, way too long.
And fuck you to stupid Americans who don't know math and hate math homework.
Math rules!
Yes, I was a math major and chemistry.
I like, yes, well.
That's because I'm lazy, that's not because I know math.
Zing!
I can do anything!
Hey, he's been able to stay unemployed this whole time because he knows finance, thanks to that.
He knows how to budget out those unemployment or whatever, however he's doing it, so... There you go.
I should have never been on unemployment.
Well, we don't need to get into personal life.
I would actually wish I would have gotten onto it, like, sometime.
Yeah, but I'm not a student anymore.
Just to interject something here, think freely Roy, the show is probably going to be cancelled forever.
YES!
Will you please tell that to everybody, Nelly?
I'd like the world to hear the wisdom of Nellie here because she makes a good point.
Alright.
I forgot it already.
Alright puppy, your turn.
I'd like to begin by saying fuck you to the following ionic compounds.
Silver sulfide, Stano-sulfate... DO NOT BRING CHEMISTRY ON TO THIS PROGRAM!
I had to... Okay, I'm... I'm sitting here working on this fucking chemistry homework right now!
It's... That's how bad it is!
It just fucked chemistry all together.
Because I hate having to do busy work like this.
And it's not helping me any.
I still have to do, uh, one, two, three... A good four more pages worth of writing chemical formulas.
For homework.
Yeah.
And it's annoying and it's a pain in the ass and yadda yadda yadda yadda yadda.
And, let's see here.
Uh, I, fuck any, fuck all non-working ATMs in the city of Davis, which is the large majority of ATMs.
Yes, the People's Republic of, I actually took that real life comic and put it up as my desktop picture on my computer.
Yes, Davis made famous by real life this week, that comic.
The guy who draws us from the same town we are.
Fuck the people at the UC Davis arcade for taking way too fucking long to go through applications for jobs because it's been a month since I turned in my application and they still haven't reviewed it yet.
I noticed this theme of lazy employers tonight.
Oh, really now?
Because actually, there's an EV Games opening today, so I'm going to go apply for a job there, too.
Poppy's going to work for the enemy of Jamie.
I have no enemies.
I don't make enemies.
Can't we all just get along?
I have another one that I provide.
I think it's like you just whoever made Murder Burger changed their name.
Because as cool as it is to have Red Rum Burger, it was so cool to have Murder Burger.
I need to go eat there.
On the right side, we just found out there's a Red Rum Burger in Folsom.
And we're going to go there for one night.
I haven't had Murder Burgers yet because it's on Sutter Street.
Just to answer, puppy, I wanted red meat because I really wanted a hamburger.
But I don't eat beef anymore and I can't really digest it very well.
So, I had an ostrich burger.
Ostrich sounds... strange.
It's yummy.
It's really yummy.
Anyway, um, who's next?
Yes, Helen?
F you go to, uh, TapX Tads in Davis, because we opened them up, what, Friday night?
And we found the cool... we found enough soil to pot a plant.
So, yeah.
Yeah!
It's that bad, so yeah, F you to TapX for never seeing this happen.
Actually, F you to the minions, Dark.
Alright, let's move on to chatroom F you, shall we?
Please, less.
And we will comment on them and make fun of them.
AZN Buddy Paul says, F you to schoolwork and F you to negativity.
That's it.
Chaos would like to say, F you to Love is Drowning, original soundtrack version from Nightstyle, because the singing makes my ears bleed.
Is that a Politary song?
I don't know.
Oh, we need to play that new Politary song that Loki found a little later.
Maybe we'll save that for next week, or maybe we'll do it when we come back after F yous.
Baka would like to say, my FU of the week goes to initial D players of Riptide for being such pains in the asses.
Bastards hog the machine and hog the F-Zero machine and call it the initial D on crack.
They don't know shit about F-Zero and why do they play it?
Because the machine gives out free cards.
Bastards.
VH2 would like to respond to you.
Well, tell us something we don't know.
Come on now.
Every time I go here, it's like all the same things.
Alright.
Ninst would like to say F you to the entirety of my college physics department.
All the professors have a different thing wrong with them and none of them can teach.
That's the same thing at every school.
23rd Magus would like to say F you to being sick right before a job interview.
F you to midterms being this week.
F you to being too broke to afford a communications book to study for said midterms.
First of all, you need to actually look past where you're applying and apply somewhere else.
and FU to looking at the wrong page during an oral assignment.
Prompting the teacher to ask me if I knew the difference between Niko and Inu.
One page had a cat in the picture, the other had a dog.
Look lady, teach us to count in Japanese before you call out page numbers in Japanese.
Marin would like to say, oh by the way, Marin made a, she made a funny earlier.
She said, Siegfried's been mauled by a tiger before.
If they stop sleeping with the tigers, they might not get mauled so much.
Marin would like to say, here be my F.U.
of the week.
F.U.
to the financial aid office of the local college.
Apparently, they didn't distribute any of my financial aid money to any of my classes.
So I got a lovely letter in the mail yesterday from the administration office saying that I have to tell the temp to pay for all my classes, otherwise I'll be removed from all of them.
Well, if you guys would listen... No, no, no, because I can actually comment on this one.
Alright.
F you to the financial aid office at the local college.
Apparently they didn't distribute any of my financial aid money to any of my classes.
So I got a lovely letter in the mail yesterday from the administration office saying that I have until the 10th to pay for all my classes, otherwise I'd be removed from all of them.
Speak to the director of financial aid if they won't help you contact the Department of Education and turn their asses in.
Straight to Jamie's mouth.
She's listening.
I work for student loans.
You talk to the department.
If the school is not going to work with you, if the school does direct lending, contact the Department of Education.
If not, find out who your lender is and contact them.
They can work with the school.
And Maren says, yes, ma'am.
Oh, my goodness.
Yes.
I will tell her that, well, I'll tell you.
Tomorrow I will send you an IM with the Department of Education's 800 number.
Maren says, yes, ma'am.
She's on that.
All right.
And F you to Rick for not straightening out issues with our old apartment complex.
Thanks to him not correcting them.
I'm being sued for reg for the last month we were there, even though we weren't there the whole month.
End rants.
K, thanks.
Bye.
Moving on.
Dork would like to say F you to Counter-Strike for having so many hackers that can rip your freaking head off from the starting point.
F you to work for not letting me off early so I can go home and listen to Orange Lounge Radio.
I'm here today because I asked for off to go to a friend's birthday.
F you to my car because I don't know what the fuck is wrong with it.
Now my chances of going to Mobile, Alabama for their tournament is slim.
F you to my saving habits.
F you to my DDR private attacking because it all... If there's a tournament next month, I'm going to be in Mobile next month.
Wow, DarkSakura, you need to cover the Tournament Mobile for us.
That's my freaking hometown, I'll do it.
You need to research that.
Get in contact with Dork.
Hey, Dork, email our station.
I'm actually in the chat room, even though I'm technically not there because I'm logged in at home.
DarkSakura, SSF, that's me, send me a PM with the details.
Dork, do that.
Okay.
Dork would also like to say F you to the Saints for losing again.
So what else is new?
Tao would like to say F you to my roommates for monopolizing the PS2 with Disgaea and then taking the GTA and my sacred FFTA from me.
Which, if I remember, didn't he mooch that from somebody else?
I believe so!
But anyway, would you like to respond, puppy?
No.
Okay.
You know, I've had this horrible urge to play Parappa 2 lately.
All right.
In all seriousness, he says, F you to, well, shit, this was a good week for me.
F you to not having much to bitch at.
That's a good feeling.
No silence.
Stop parrying in the chat room.
Speaking of no silence...
Screw people that drive slow, F you for people that wear transparent shoes, F you for not having 40 cent days at McDonald's, F you to Comcast, F you to my car which has been dead for three months, F you to people that play Warcraft 3 all day and have nothing better to do, F you to expensive Goosh paint, I don't know, what the hell is that?
Does any artist here know what that is?
G-H-O-U-C-E, Goosh, I don't know.
I've never heard of it.
They come in these small 2.4 ounces and cost $6 to $9, and they get used up after a single project.
Good job, Skye and Jamie.
On what?
I don't know.
It says good job.
Because we rock.
Well, Loki, you just suck.
No, I'm just kidding.
I don't know.
Loki, I don't know.
You want to respond to No Silent?
All right.
Alright, PDR Mike would like to say, F you to the drunk Mexican who showed me his ding-a-ling last week.
What?
Well, Mike, if you hadn't looked so interested.
Just kidding, just kidding.
Alright, Dork says that the tournament is on November 1st in Mobile, Alabama.
Tell him to private message me his details.
Because it's actually probably the day I'm flying in.
Um, and there's lots of typing going on.
I'm relaying the message as she says, yes ma'am.
Alright, no, but, um, if it's on the first then I likely can't attend because it's the day I'm planning on flying in unless I can fly in the day before.
So just give me details.
I need details, times, locations, is it at, you know, cyber station or what, let me know.
Alright, that's it for the FQs of the week.
Finally.
Yay!
Oh, oh, Aaron, Aaron would like to say something to you all?
Uh, Baka, um, I know you like PETA, but stop advertising it in the chat for the goddamn last time.
How many times do I have to say this?
PETA is dead!
Jeez.
Until I bring it back.
No styling says, DJ, that's good job, for Loki.
Don't know who he or she is.
I'll tell you here.
NoSilent says, um, GJ for Loki.
Don't know who he or she is.
Good job.
Good job.
Don't know who he or she is.
It's alright.
I don't care.
I wasn't even paying attention.
He's kind of shaking a little bit.
It's alright.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I'm going to kill him.
I don't care.
See those squirrels outside?
Yeah, my attack squirrels.
Yeah.
We know where you live!
You do realize by tuning into the station they send you, you know, send us your address, so... Home address, you dumb shit!
Quiet, quiet.
Go back to your chemistry homework.
Chemists suck.
Be a drug dealer.
That's like street chemistry for you.
And it pays better anyways.
You know, Canada is so cool.
We should take a road trip there.
It's like, I don't know, it's like we're like the 60s and Canada is the 70s.
Or what, wait, did the 70s suck?
The 70s had disco.
And remember, your disco needs you.
Oh, I remember now why Canada rocks.
Because they're going to start selling alcohol in movie theaters.
I'm going.
I am going.
Drunk moviegoers.
That's awesome.
Drunk moviegoers need to buy more popcorn so they can drink more.
Oh, and FU did my work giving me Geely, which is sitting on top of my PS2 right there.
Evil.
Hey, Zodiac Knight wants to share something with you.
They actually made cocaine in his organic lab.
Don't you wish you went to his school, puppy?
Really?
Yep.
What a cool... I wouldn't make in cocaine.
Why not?
It's fun and educational.
Alright.
We're going to take a quick break.
We're going to play two songs from the V-Rare 2 CD US.
We're going to play Tomorrow Perfume and I Need You, and then I'm throwing in... Oh, we'll do that.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So we'll do those second and third.
But in the meantime, if you guys enjoyed tonight's cage match winner, P8107, you might enjoy... Loki, tell them about it.
and K8107, like I said, I don't even know what this 8107 shit is, but K8107 is a remix of Karma, so, uh, it's pretty cool, but anyway, it's also by Onuken, um, you can actually find it on his site if you search for Onuken under, um, muzy.co.jp, you can find him on there,
K8107
Thank you for watching!
Listen to Orange Lounge Radio Because Bongo demands it Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio
God, I hate that ferret.
I hate it so much.
I thought you guys would go one week without bringing the damn thing out, and there it is.
Jeez.
Alright, shut the fuck up for a minute.
I have some news I want to talk about here.
Do not make me confiscate that.
I will confiscate it.
I will confiscate it.
Run, puppy, run like the wind.
I will confiscate it.
It's even worse than confiscating.
Alright, this is interesting.
I was talking and I don't remember if you were there talking with us too, Jamie.
Mel B was talking to us yesterday while we were at Miggle about some things.
And he works at Konami now and he was telling us a lot of interesting things.
I don't know, I'm not going to repeat any of it because I don't know what can and can't be repeated.
Nothing, nothing, nothing to, it's nothing...
There's nothing earth shattering anyway.
There's nothing, so I'm not even going to go there.
Just that I will say this.
He says Ultra Mix looks very cool, which I'm sure it already does.
I could have told you that.
So we'll see about that.
But one thing I was trying to tell him, I'd asked him if he knew anything about Sony putting out a new competitive dancing game.
Sony has released the full track listing featured in the upcoming dancing game for their iToy Peripheral.
Sony Computer Entertainment Europe...
is pleased to announce the 25 fully licensed music tracks that will feature in the brand new dancing game, iToy Groove.
Released in November 2003, iToy Groove utilizes the PlayStation 2's exclusive iToy technology and gives everyone a chance to fulfill their dreams of being able to dance live on TV.
By linking the iToy USB camera to a PlayStation 2, the players will feature live on their TV screen, enabling them to dance along with the on-screen prompts.
The full list of artists and tracks to groove along to is as follows.
Here it is.
I'll read this for you.
Madonna with music.
Hey, Mr. DJ.
Kool and the Gang with Jungle Boogie.
The Superman Lovers with Starlight.
Earth, Wind, and Fire with Let's Groove.
Sister Sledge with We Are Family.
Jamiroquai, Deeper Underground.
Jamiroquai, Canned Heat.
Last Ketchup with the Ketchup Song.
Top Loader with Dancing in the Moonlight, Five with Keep on Moving, Sugar Babes with Overload, Junior Senior, Move Your Feet, Village People, YMCA, Apollo 440, Hustlers Groove, The Jacksons, ABC,
Mystique with All I Want, Daniel Bedingfield, Gotta Get Through This, The Commodores with Machine Gun, Groove Armada with Super Stylin', Livin' Joy with Don't Stop Movin', The Cheeky Girls with Hooray Hooray It's a Cheeky Holiday, Pure Tones with Addicted to Bass, Liberty X with Jumpin', Elvis with Rubberneckin', Fatboy Slim with Praise You, and Elvis with A Little Less Conversation.
With no complicated controls, iToy Groove is instantly accessible, even for those with no rhythm.
So come on everybody, let's get down and groove.
What do you guys think?
Gee, I like motion capture dance games, because they rock.
iToy is retarded, and if you think people look awkward playing DDR, wait until you see this.
This is nothing.
I'm thinking, if it's some kind of camera that's capturing your motion, I'm thinking this sounds a lot like Para to me.
Is it just me or does this sound like Para?
The reincarnation of Para.
It sounds like Marshall Beat.
Hmm, Marshall Beat.
So somewhere in there.
Are you coming here to reiterate that Para is dead?
Because we already know, Erin.
This is where I pray that this one will die too.
Please, please, please die!
So Baka doesn't have another thing to rave that guy about.
The problem with games like this is they're not going to have their own in-house music.
So it's based off of these 25 songs, which will get old about as fast as DDR Max 2 got old.
So, um, you know what, this will be, like, good for those people who are like, Oh!
Oh my god, it's Madonna!
Oh my god, I get this game!
Sign me up!
That's me!
Sign me up, I'm going out and buying this thing.
I want to dance to music.
Hey, Mr. DJ.
The iToy, I mean, while a cool idea, it's just, um, no.
No.
It's just retarded.
I mean, it's like, there's no, like, Loki's right, there's no in-house music.
If they have Police 911 working with the iToy, then I'll purchase one of those, but that's it.
Zodiac Knight would like to reiterate in our chat room.
He says, and then a secret chip inside the PS2 records images of you dancing and sends them to Sony headquarters where executives sit in a large room, watch the images, and laugh at you.
Sounds good to me.
Kick Andrew again!
Kick Andrew again!
Why do I get to kick Andrew again?
I'm sorry, that directive was not coming from Jamie.
I can't do it in... Okay, Jamie said to kick him.
Oh, and to respond to AZ and Buddy Paul, it's because all the idiots that started Para decided to start drama over it, and if it comes up again, it's even more drama, and the little idiot's going, Oh no, you didn't do the routine right!
That person knew!
That's why it needs to die!
Alright.
As promised in this part of the show...
We'd like to take a minute to let you take some control over the show and have us talk about any topic you want us to in a segment that we call Ask Orange Lounge.
And you can send those questions now over private message to Sky in the chat room.
In the meantime, let's hear the theme song.
Let's Ask Orange Lounge.
Some stupid question.
What will we learn tonight on Ask Orange Lounge?
What is Loki mad about?
What is DarkSakura mad about?
What is Sky mad about?
The answer is probably Aaron.
Just kidding.
Alright.
Question number one is coming to us tonight from Baka.
And this is a good question.
This is my favorite question that's ever been asked in Ask Orange Lounge.
He says, Baka says, why are you so cool, Sky?
Let's go over this long list of reasons that I have.
My response is another question.
How many jokes have you been taking tonight?
Just as cool.
Now, now, now.
Ryan, there's no comment.
It'd take more than that to get a piece of the cock.
I would like to say... Because, face it, everybody... I mean, we're in the 21st century now, and everybody loves the token gay guy, right?
And not only that, but I'm a token gay guy on the radio.
I'm the token black guy, so... Loki consistently bringing this show to new lows.
Well, I don't know if you listen to half the people online who've never met me in person.
I'm the token Asian girl.
When the fact is that between Loki, DarkSakura, and myself, we are like the whitest people ever.
I don't know, I'm...
Who wants to respond to Zodiac Night's comment, yay for token Asians?
I like everybody for dinner For a hundred people
All right.
Question number two tonight comes from AZN Buddy Paul.
I already sent this in email.
Oh, I didn't even open the Orange Lodge mailbag.
I may have to do that.
There's never anything in the Orange Lodge mailbag.
But here it is.
AZN Buddy Paul would like to know why Sunday night for this show I'm breaking rules staying up this late.
Well...
When Orange Lounge Radio started, I was doing double work.
I was doing another show on Saturday night under Station Live, which is still on the air because the host moved to Texas and has some new co-hosts now under StationLive.org.
That's on Saturday night, so it just kind of made sense to do a show on Sunday night, and that's what Jamie agreed to, and that's what Matt started showing up to.
But there's always the rewinds.
Yes.
Thank you.
There's always the rewinds on...
What nights?
We keep switching them.
Thursdays at 2 and Wednesdays at 4.
Pacific Standard Time.
No more Mondays because that's when Vanilla Sky is on.
The reason why, also, I learned from doing a radio show on Saturday night, although there may be a lot of people at home who want to listen, that ruins my Saturday night.
I can't go out and go to places like Dave and Buster's and all that stuff if you're doing a show on a Saturday.
And my wife comes first.
As I believe Jamie and Loki would agree to.
Oh, you have to answer 23rd Maggie.
She said, I am the wise person ever.
Uh, yeah, yeah, he's right.
Um, yeah, he is right.
He is the wise person ever.
Um, but, um, it is Friday, Saturday night.
While they might be good for ratings, it just, we want to have a life.
And if we don't go out there and get a life, we'll have nothing to talk about on this program.
So, deal.
Sorry, but yes, if you don't like Sunday nights, you can't always listen to the rewinds.
And there's also original programming on Monday and Tuesday, and soon Wednesday again nights as well, so.
Yeah.
But thanks for asking.
Alright, 23rd Magus would like to ask, pink, purple, or teal?
What's the question?
I mean, why?
Pink, purple, or teal?
That's the question.
Purple.
Um...
Let me see if I can guess.
What color should he dye his pubes?
I will go with purple because that might offset your hair or something.
You're horrible.
It would also confuse people looking for a natural color.
We already have a pink, so maybe teal.
You can be the artist known as teal.
Alright, um, 23rd Magus would also like to ask, 23rd Magus would like to ask, why do we have a gazillion ops in the chat room, but very few are on consistently?
My answer to that is, quit op begging.
You know, I think it has to do just because we cycle in and out, we're all on at different times, except for Puppy, who has no life.
Uh,
Angel's on almost all the time at some obscene hours of the day.
DT's on there a lot.
I don't know.
We might make new ops later, but we'll think about it.
Yeah.
When you get more people in the chatroom, and I mean you, not specifically at the question house, but you as in our chatroom.
Our listeners.
When you, the listener, get more people in the chatroom consistently, then we'll make new ops.
How's that sound?
And plus, you guys are just so good and don't cause trouble.
You know, we don't need a lot of ops.
So, yeah.
Who needs a big at sign anyway?
It's just a pain in the ass.
It validates who I am.
Dork has a question for Jamie.
What?
When are you going to be in Mobile?
If I can get the time off of work, it's going to be the 1st through the 15th.
Fair enough.
Next question, Greg Ismasa would like to know, what's for dinner?
I wonder if he's asking what we had for dinner tonight.
How about Chef Aaron explain?
He's asking me, because he's treated me out before for food, so I kind of owe him dinner.
Oh.
Mystery meat.
Well, answer the question I asked.
What did we have tonight?
Tell that to our show.
We had shredded, or well, chopped up cabbage into strips with pork, and in Jamie's case, chicken, because she can't eat pork.
And we had rice.
Always a staple.
Yummy.
Very good.
Puppy, do you have your hand up or are you just dangling the ferret by its balls?
The ferrets are joined like, for people who live in the south, you'll recognize these, like the little love bugs.
You say, oh, well they're joined.
That's so pretty.
They're fucking.
It's like cat talk, but it's ferret, ferret.
Seriously, the thing is that if you catch the two bugs together and make a wish about the person you love and let them go, then it's happy.
But all that you do is you catch them and damage their wings and then they die while they're fucking.
Alright, moving on.
For Greg, mystery meat does not actually include regular cattle meat.
It could include other meat, cough, cough, human meat, cough, cough.
Alright, moving on.
EvilNauki... Are you okay?
Boys, what are you doing?
The ferrets turned lethal.
Alright.
Next question comes to us from EvilNauki2DX.
EvilNauki2DX would like to know, okay, why do people start drama over games like Initial D?
What the fuck?
Because people have no lives and have nothing else to do.
Because people at certain arcades, cough, cough, just think it's fun and because they have, yeah, they have no lives.
And so they think in order to have a life, you can start drama over other people's lives.
So everybody has a life and everybody has drama.
The end.
Why do people watch soap operas?
I think that these are people who use video games to validate their sense of self-worth.
Here is my...
Here's my answer, my 100% serious answer to this question.
Any group that you do participate in is going to have drama.
You hear about theater drama, or football drama, or whatever you're doing, there's drama.
Because when you get people together, they've got personality clashes up the ass going on, and there's drama.
So it doesn't matter.
An issue D has drama just as bad as DDR, or any game.
Greg, that's funny that you get your ass kicked by cats.
Alright, moving on.
Jonas, sorry.
Stupid people exist, so what to expect?
Fair enough.
Even though I'll be 2DX, I'd also like to know, may I call you, this will be a question towards me, may I call you Robby Punz from now on?
Or Robby Pums.
No, you may not.
But you may call me Sexy Rob.
That is permissible.
or the Pharaoh King, yes.
Why is it, another question from EvilNaukiTDX, why is it that PT Cruisers follow me around whenever I am outdoors?
I don't know, are you just attracting things that suck lately?
They want to tap your ass.
23rd Magus would like to say, he'd like to clarify the pink, purple and teal question.
That was the M&M's poll, you dumbass.
I would also like to say the M&M's poll ended about six months ago, you dumbass.
Is that like a little anecdote in his five-page joke book?
I believe so.
It's the foreword.
It's the epilogue.
It's the fifth page.
Dork would like to say, tournament will be all day.
Just come whenever you come in.
Chances are we'll still be there the November 1st thing.
Tell them you may have a special guest then.
All right.
Zodiac Knight has a question.
1.
DarkSakura, will you marry me?
You'd have to go against Dan, and Dan is 6'4".
I think that if he stepped on you, you'd be dead.
So, no.
Yeah, and Tac's my other man, and then there's my mistress, Margaret Cho.
Okay.
Well, he had a backup plan here.
He says, if not, question 2.
Sky, will you marry me?
Are you 18?
Because I hate it when 17 year olds ask me this question, I hate it.
23rd Magus, what the fuck are you fucking doing?
Robby Pums!
23rd Magus would like to know, can we call you Boo Boo Kitty Fuck?
No, and be original.
Richie?
You may not call me Robby Pums.
Then you can call him Richie Poo.
Yeah, I can call you, I can call you Boo Boo Kitty Fuck, Richie Poo.
I could, but I love him too much to kick him.
EvilNauki2DX has a question for DarkSakura.
Why don't you kick 23rd Magus instead?
Alright, I'll kick... You know what?
That's right.
What I will do, I will kick 23rd Magus instead of kicking EvilNauki2DX.
Yeah, that was easy.
Alright.
That was beautiful.
Alright.
Do it again.
I want a rerun.
You want a rerun?
Yeah.
Let's syndicate this.
It's the kicking 23rd Megas the show.
Alright.
Alright, that's enough abuse.
Okay.
No more abusing the freshman, you guys.
Fresh Meat.
Anyway, next question.
I think we're out of questions.
Ask us questions.
Oh, no, wait.
Here it is.
EvilNalgy2DX has a question for DarkSakura.
Yes.
When are you coming to San Francisco again?
You know, when someone pays for me to go to San Francisco.
I don't know.
I actually want to go on a Saturday, but Dan and I are completely redoing our apartment, throwing out crap and stuff.
But maybe when I get back from Alabama, I might set out a special Saturday if I'm not sick from all the uber-thick cigarette smoke.
Yes, 23rd Magus, you are a target.
You know, big, bright red bullseye painted on your ass.
Big white target with the bright red bull's eye painted on the ground.
And this is so white.
Oh, so that means that I can go to him to buy my deodorant.
Alright.
Nevermind, I'll go to Walmart.
23rd Magus says, will you have extra medical supplies tomorrow?
You'll need them.
He's directing that towards me because he's coming.
He wants to guest on Vanilla Sky tomorrow because he believes that he can play video game trivia to bad music and keep the volume at 5%.
He's challenging me to own him at a video game trivia to bad music.
So we shall see.
I don't know, Brad kept it at only 15% last week while Rice Princess went to 65% You know I don't like that Huh?
You know I don't at it Well, why don't you put your money where your mouth is?
Because I have to freaking wash the sheets on my bed tomorrow You know, you can come clean up my bedroom if you want to I don't really want to Okay then My sheets smell like Shermie's butt right now because she slept on my bed
Okay, so I think now's a good time for us to close up the old mailbag for Ask Orange Law.
Oh wait, actually I should check the email bag real fast.
In the meantime, will Jamie please entertain us with a song and dance while I open up the mailbag?
I'm never asking her to do this again.
And that was the horrendous sexual acts of two stuffed ferrets with a little voice box inside of them.
The email box is orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com, all one word, orangeloungeradio at yahoo.com.
We just got that same question from Paul that says, why are the shows on Sunday?
Sunday night, people have to get ready to go back to school or work.
Did we get any questions asking if we wanted enlarged penises?
In the mailbox, no.
Damn it, I've always wanted a larger penis!
For those people who didn't see it before, there's the pad.
Number one finished.
Ah!
Webcam slipping.
There it is.
No, it's not bent.
It's just a camera lens.
Ain't it pretty?
It's very nice.
Although I'm still amazed by how many things are built out of wood out here.
Who was the biggest bitch?
Send your votes right now.
Just kidding, just kidding.
If you vote, you'll get kicked.
Alright.
Alright.
Yes.
Okay, so it's about time to wrap up the show, you guys.
Wrap it up in ribbons and bows.
Wrap it up in ribbons and bows.
Wrap it up in straps and buckles.
Before...
We put the lid on the coffin of the show.
We have to go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
So let's start off with Aaron.
Violent Hyper Girl.
Drama sucks.
Para is not meant for a community.
The end.
Jonas, final thought.
Well, I forgot to mention this before.
I was thinking about running a tournament in January.
Booked for January.
So if anyone wants to contact me about this tournament, just go to drfreak.com on the Visionaries Forum.
Oh fuck, just go to AIM or just email me, that's all.
or go to that site you hoarded out earlier.
Well, I'm online like 24-7, so I-M-E at sillyfobbygirl, G-U-R-L.
Fobby is F-O-B-B-Y, and then I'll just forward it to Jonas, because occasionally you're online, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, occasionally he's online, so, yeah.
Yeah.
Bradley, your final thought, please.
I so hope I get a job soon, soon.
The Doom is closing in.
Puppy, your final thought?
Chemistry sucks at the end.
Alright, well put.
Who hasn't gone yet?
Just the three of us?
Loki!
Remember, for all you trainables out there, it's the middle hole.
My final thought is stay tuned for the afterbirth tonight.
It's going to be great.
My final thought is I need some money and I need a maid to clean my house for me.
I need a house.
A big one.
I need a compound.
I want a castle.
With a moat.
We need to have our own gated community.
I like that idea.
The Orange Lounge gated community.
Oh yeah, that link posted is wrong, because Jonas screwed up.
My bad, my bad.
It's G-A-M-E, not N-E.
Alright, thank you.
Final word of the show tonight will go to... Whoa, I don't think Puppy's ever had it, so let's give it to Puppy.
Nomenclature.
I don't have the outro queued up.
Thank you for listening and supporting Orange Lounge Radio Puppy, nomenclature
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by DarkSakura, Sky, and Loki.
We expect you a nice play again.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
Well, here I am in my tubby again, and my tubby's all filled with water and nice fluffy suds.
And I've got my soap and washcloth to wash myself.
And I've got my nifty scrub brush to help me scrub my back.
And I've got a big fluffy towel to dry myself when I'm done.
But there's one other thing that makes tubby time the very best time of the whole day.
And do you know what that is?
It's a very special friend of mine, my very favorite little pal,
Oh, Rubber Ducky, you're the one You make bath time lots of fun Rubber Ducky, I'm awfully fond of you Vo-vo-vodeo Rubber Ducky, joy of joys When I squeeze you, you make noise Rubber Ducky, you're my very best friend, it's true
Oh, every day when I make my way to the tubby I find a little fella who's cute and yellow and chubby Rub-a-dub-dubby Rubber Ducky, you're so fine And I'm lucky that you're mine Rubber Ducky, I'm awfully fond of you Hey Rubber Ducky, would you like me to scrub your back with my nifty little scrub brush?
You would?
Okay, how's this?
Hey, you want me to scrub behind your ears?
Oh, I see.
You don't have any ears, do you?
Well, how about your tummy?
Scrub his little ducky tummy.
Oh, he's ticklish.
Oh, every day when I make my way through the tubby I find a little fella who's cute and yellow and chubby Rub-a-dub-dubby, Rubber Duckie, you're so fine And I'm lucky that you're mine Rubber Duckie, I'd like a whole pond of Rubber Duckie, I'm awfully fine
Thanks for listening and we'll see you next week.
