🎵Music🎵
Oh
You
Toto, I have a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio for Monty Talks and Then Some.
Uh, mostly the and then some part of that.
Orange Lounge Radio is created by a bunch of potty-mouthed adults.
lounge may contain sexual perverted and mildly retarded content you probably
shouldn't let your children listen to orange lounge radio yes I will spank
your child if you're not gonna do your job god damn it I will well here's my
big opening a sphincter says why I'm super thanks for asking oh you little
Little bitch troll from hell.
What am I doing here?
No.
Dodge this.
This is a tasty burger.
Look you stupid bastard, you've got no arms left.
It's a house? Look!
It's a flesh wound.
Searching for a boy in high school isn't useless.
It's searching for meaning in a polished genre.
Oh yeah?
Well, I hope your babies look like monkeys.
Dark Sakura.
Sky.
But I'm playing it for the bartender, so suffer.
Loki.
I hate you!
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live!
This is episode number 64 for October the 12th of 2003.
You're tuned in to the Bemani Theme's most cream filled station of all things Bemani.
That's full of suck.
My name is Rob Roberts, you might know me as Sky.
Jamie is always my awesome co-host and this corner the happiest bunny on the farm is Jamie
Summers.
You know her better as Dark Sakura.
Never eat reduced fat oatmeal cream cookies because they suck.
We'll get into that in a little while.
Also with us tonight, say hello to our tech master, Loki.
Hi.
How are you?
Hi.
Hi.
also with us tonight we have some guests starting off with surprise me someone
hi Bradley how are you how are you doing I have faced the evil reduced fat cookie
of death and I survived and all I got was this crappy t-shirt also with us
say hello to 23rd maggot I really need to stop listening to Travis because
every time I see you to always like I'm gay shut up and I'll remind me to say
remind me to save that sound clip for the next intro whenever we introduce
Andrew we'll be talking to everybody more a little bit later we have a lot of
news to talk about DDR extreme where Matt's arcade cabinet stands orange
lounge radio goes to the movies and plenty more I assume when we come back
uh-huh yeah I was the movies do actually a lot did you you into the mood did you
see the same movie we all saw yes I did well then you get to talk with us that
movie owns my soul won't be back don't my intestines will be back first we're
gonna play a song from the new be rare album the long version of drop to bomb
and we'll hear on the twa from max what's your mouth I called it max extreme
from DDR a consumer what yeah like one two three in French if you want to join
in our fun www.calibomani.com click on orange lounge and click on chat and our
our channel and we'll say hello and give you our web cam link. We'll be back!
Like the sauce
Gonna take a time to find the lack of system
Now and there, verse attachment
This thing needs a black-and-all way
To put a trigger test above the paint, how do you do today?
Don't get me wrong, I'm a bachelor fist
The mind can't do more than fist
Expose concern on what it takes
You know that terrorists always make these mistakes
What we got is a slow momentum
If you need the right tools and fences
Try the wave, can't count for the rhythm
The marks, the teachers, we gotta get with it
The rain is a generate almighty
For we need to do it higher, master's man, go slower
Yeah, don't really think that far. It's up to you to make that call to drop the bomb.
Yeah, drop the bomb.
Drop the bomb.
Let me see that bomb.
You're still looking for a way that's never been seen before.
Gotta think about what's now to come.
Drop the bomb.
Drop the bomb.
What we gotta do is build momentum, if you need the right tools and venting.
Ride the waves, I'm comfy, the rhythm's the march, the future's begun, get with it.
You're ready to stare at almighty, if I were you to do it now, you're much the same, go slower.
Yeah, you're so ready to take that fall, and it's up to you to make that call.
And if you don't run, make sure you don't bang and wipe it out.
You got the ball
You got the ball
You got the ball
You got the ball
then you got the ball
that ball
You
I'm gonna be your fantasy, it's me I'm gonna be your fantasy, I'm gonna be your fantasy
Your fantasy sticks me ecstasy
Mr. Random person on the street, who by the way is not an actor, what do you think of
The music is like being transported to just this dancing spaceship place.
It's unearthly.
It's like being at a club, except you don't have to actually ask someone to dance.
Hello and welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
Hope you enjoyed the oon, oon, oon, duh, duh, duh, twa, twa, twa, and dropped the bomb
long mix.
The V-Rare album, the brand new one that just came out with DDR Extreme in Japan.
I think you broke the camera with that cookie.
Shut up.
If you're wondering what happened to the Orange Lounge Radio DDR Extreme premiere show,
well, I ordered my copy of Extreme a little later than some of you,
and therefore we won't be getting it until Tuesday.
I had forgot to order mine.
So we won't be doing the show until Wednesday.
Oops, because I'm going to Alabama.
Yeah.
Wait, when do you leave for Alabama?
Next month.
Next month.
We're still a little ways away.
We just did the math though and you're going to be missing episode 69, which makes me cry.
Unless you put us on hiatus.
Put the show on hiatus? Never.
Hey, we want to go to Gotham Land on Sunday.
Well, let's just re-record the show.
No, we don't put the show on hiatus.
Remember those days.
I will take my replacement.
Oh, you're going to hand pick a replacement.
I will take my replacement.
Just be gentle when you're picking.
Just be gentle while you're picking.
Yeah, right.
I'll break out the asbestos gloves.
Yes, I originally had told our chat room earlier in the week.
For those of you guys that lurk in our chat room 24-7,
Get a life! No, just kidding. Just kidding. We love it.
I did say originally Monday because I thought that's what day I was going to get it,
but I actually checked the UPS thing and it's not going to get here until Tuesday
PS is slower than I remember and it takes two days to get here not one so
we are actually gonna be getting on Tuesday but because Jamie show we're not
gonna play until Wednesday so that's when the DDR extreme premiere show will
be will be Wednesday not much of a premiere I know because many of you
have already played it but I know a lot of you guys don't have access to a
Japanese PlayStation twos and maybe you're a little curious about the game
because details have been a little details about the new DDR extreme you
know all the stuff we really want to know about is come out what are they
hidden songs. What do they sound like? What are the non stop courses? They are little
things haven't really been talked about. So we'll be doing that on our webcam as well.
We have the TV hooked up to the webcam. The little things, the cool things, the information
mode things that we can't read, but will be funny anyway, I'm sure.
Yay. You're supposed to promote the program.
Yay. I'm excited. I was poor earlier. I'm ordering my next week because I had to buy
a ticket to see Alan Jackson. Why are you buying a ticket willingly to go to a country
concert? Because my mom wants to go. That's like when I was going to buy my mom a ticket
to see Celine Dion in Vegas. But then I realized I don't want to contribute to that. Your mom
likes Celine Dion. Yeah, my mom loves Celine Dion. You know who else my mom likes? A lot?
Barbra Streisand. And my mom also bought the Rosie O'Donnell Christmas album.
But Celine Dion can't sing for shit. The only good song she did was by Meat Loaf.
Yeah Meat Loaf is cool. Yeah he was Eddie.
I see Marin is in our chat room and she's going to Alabama with you and she says I don't
I'll make you go. I'll buy your damn ticket. Just watch. You're coming to see Alan Jackson
Biloxi with us. I'm probably going to leave her over at Mama Sun's.
Haha, you opened your mouth. Anyway, usually at the top of the show we talk about how was
your day, how was your week, but today I wanted to be a little different.
Let's talk about Orange Lounge Radio Goes to the Movies.
Yay!
Because, while we didn't all go to the movies together this week, in fact, the three of
us went to three separate shows across the weekend.
We all saw the same movie.
And what movie did we see, Jamie?
Kill Bill.
Yes, we saw Kill Bill volume one.
Best movie ever.
So, Jamie, would you like to start with your review of Kill Bill?
Blood!
Remember, we have to keep it spoiler free because we have somebody in the room who hasn't
seen it, for one, and we don't know, our listeners probably haven't seen it, although they should.
It's different blood effects of various types, whether it be CG or liquid, blood in various
colors, oh no CG, but there's still various different types of blood effects, like everything
from the squirt to the splatter to the animated to the blood. It was blood. Lots, lots, lots,
lots of it. Most of the movie was in Japanese. There were puns in the movie. If you don't
really understand Japanese, then you won't get them. I was there laughing in the theater
and people were giving me weird looks. That was great. Then the people in the theater
were funny too. I'm not going to say what the scene was, but there was this one particular
really awesome scene and it gets really quiet and this guy's back is like, whoa, and everybody
busted out. And the whole movie was just fantastic. On a scale of one to ten? Five thousand million.
Which is just one point short of Battle Royale.
Loki what did you think of Kill Bill Volume 1?
I already knew it was going to be good, I already read the script beforehand.
You little pirate.
Arrr.
I didn't pirate the script, it was online.
Whatever.
So how can I be a pirate if it was readily available online?
Was it readily available from Miramax, did Miramax distribute the script or did some
little kid find it and put it out for everybody to download?
Just because it's on the internet doesn't mean it's legal.
I don't know.
It was at moviesource.com.
Anyways, it was good. I liked it. It was everything I thought it was going to be.
On a scale of one to ten?
Oh, that was good. Ten is Oscar material.
I'm sorry. I don't see that ever happening.
Oh, come on. Pulp Fiction.
I think Pulp Fiction has the F-word in it 256 times, and this movie had it maybe...
40. Just because there's not blood. That was a pair of the suckiest throws ever. By the
way, there are two tie-ins, by the way, to Battle Royale, not just one, other than, what
was her name, Kuriyama Chiaki. The chick who plays Chinguisa. You're saying Linguisa, which
is a talent. Chigusa. That's it, sorry. Yes, that's her, but there's another one. In the
animated sequence, the girl's voice actor is Maeda Ai, who played the girl at the very
beginning of Battle Royale with the blood all over her face. Oh, cool. And who is in
battle royale too.
Very cool.
For other anime fans, Midori Kala is in it, you can tell him by his nasally ass voice.
There is an anime sequence, probably about ten minutes long, some of the folks say Ghost
in the Shell, right?
Yeah, it was done by Studio Gonzo.
My review of Kill Bill was, it was, okay this is the interesting thing because every geek
I know just totally fucking loved this movie.
Like I've been reading Live Journal over the weekend and stuff and all my geek friends
who saw it was like, this is the coolest movie ever.
Because it's an homage, it pays homage to everything geek.
It is just like a tribute to everything geek.
Like it is, and this is the thing is that Tarantino is a fan of like everything that
we talk about on this show.
when I was watching the movie I knew Jamie was just gonna be wet watching
this movie because I could see all these influences from like all of her favorite
things that she never shuts up about like battle royale and the anime and all
that stuff so I just was like oh Jamie's gonna be loving this when she sees it
and I really loved it too because I like all that stuff too and and the blood was
great and what
I'm just faking. Yeah, I was just thinking that too. That was one of the best, I don't
want to spoil it, but that was the best thing in the whole movie. And the pussy wagon. The
pussy wagon. Okay, that's it, that's it. I won't say anything else. On a scale of one
to ten, what? On a scale of one to ten, I give it a ten point one. I win. Fifteen million.
Does Bradley have anything you want to say about Kill Bill?
Yes, it was cool. I enjoyed it.
I don't know, I can't really add anything because people say it the most.
I was kind of sitting there.
So I gave it a 10 because it was really cool.
Andrew, I know you haven't seen it, but what would you give it on a scale of 1 to 10?
Based on what Jamie goes...
million and if everyone in this room gives me a dollar I can go see it how
about no but you know what boo we'll give you those sucky cookies to sell on
ebay
damn am I the only person knows how to throw a microphone were you guys gonna
go see it again tonight after the show no oh because I'd be down dork boy has
way home but we'll go we should go let's go sorry call your dad and tell him you're staying out late
tonight we're going to see Kill Bill again after the show we'll go catch 10 o'clock showing in
Fulton or something oh well we'll figure something out maybe later you wanna go do you wanna go after
the show okay I have to see it three more times okay we'll go see it you know I only saw Freddy
If I really like a movie, then, see, four is my favorite number.
Okay.
This is where my small bit of obsessive compulsive disorder sneaks in.
If I really like a movie, I either have to see it twice or four times in a theater.
If I really dig the movie, it's four times.
How many times did I see Harry Potter?
Four times.
And you were there for one of them.
for one of them. I was there for number two, I think. No, it doesn't, number three. Oh,
was it number three? You were there for number three. That's good, because I don't like being
number two. But I have to, if I really like a movie, then I go see it multiple times.
But then again, I've already seen it twice. You know what I'm thinking? The most number
of times, not counting Rocky Horror Picture Show, that's an exception obviously, but not
counting Rocky Horror Picture Show, the most number of times I've seen a movie in the theater
is three. I saw Titanic three times in the theater. Dork. Just don't ask. I got dragged
by different people. I saw Shakespeare in Love three times in the theater. I think I
need to see Kill Bill four times. This started back with the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
movie. Which I've seen in the theater four times. Did you see Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
two The Secret of the Ooze four times? I saw it twice. I saw the third one twice as well.
The third one was cool. The third one was just neat. The third one was cool. Shut up.
I've seen Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey four times in the theater. I've seen Harry Potter
and Chamber of Secrets four times in the theater. I wasn't into Harry Potter when the first
movie came out. I've seen Freddy vs. Jason twice. I've seen, there was one movie I saw
six times in the theater and I forgot what it was just because I kept having to go with
people and I didn't like the movie but that doesn't fall into my rating system. Titanic.
I've seen The Matrix twice in the theater. Well, anyway, I thought we could all give
our little review on it. Andrew, just go with us. We'll cover you somehow. I'll help you.
take pity on your poor pathetic soul. You can get into an R rated movie all by yourself
now, huh? Yay! How does it feel to be a big boy? Andrew will you stand up and pose on
our webcam real fast? I want to read your shirt. I swear it is like reading a novel
right here. Stan, you don't read many books, do you? Shut up. I'm going to read this for
you guys who can't see it on the cam because it's kind of blurry. It says, Mom, Dad, I'm
so sorry. I know you told me not to have anybody in the house while you were away, but when
my friends stopped by, I had to let them in. It wasn't planned or anything. I certainly
wouldn't call it a party. Honestly, I have no idea how the band got here or why the police
were called. I'm really, really sorry about the house, but that's why we have insurance,
How many times do you get stopped so people can read that shirt?
More times when people stop to talk to me.
Is that your way of getting attention?
We need to get him the shirt that you got me.
I hate my life.
Every day I polish my revolver and I shoot my head like a rock star.
This 80 year old lady stopped me in the grocery store to read my shirt and said it was the
funniest thing she's ever seen in her life.
That that.
And then while the rest of us are at Scandia lamenting it.
Evil place.
Why should we go to ARC for DDR?
You're like one of the only people that sticks up for this little community college with
DDR machine and I have no interest in going to college to play DDR but I'm
curious to hear why you love it so much. It's cheap, it's loud, they've got all the
unlocks, it's in perfect condition, they keep it in perfect condition. If it isn't
in perfect condition I damn well beat their asses for it. Like okay somebody
fix it had now. You know what they need to do? They need to put DDR machines next to
military drafting boards you know just like that would be the ultimate
ultimate military idea. Why? Get stupid nerdy people in there, trick them into going there
and then they're in the military. You're going to basic trick maniac them into the military.
That was really dumb, really dumb. I just brought this show to a screeching halt, amazing.
You know, I'm sure you would probably say that you pulled a magus, but I can't do that.
it would sound better in portuguese especially since someone took your toilet your i'm sorry
your joke book so that they could wipe their ass if anyone's been keeping up with my board hello
would you like to give your board a plug yes it needs to be plugged into a wall to have some life
in it i posted on your board this week yeah and the puzzle pirate said that nobody reads
Hey, I read it and
It's real play that dark Sakura calm. There's no www in front of it
So don't be stupid and put it in front of there. Just real play dark Sakura calm
It's that easy sign up for it become one with the nerdiness
All right, let's move into how was your week
How was your day because I want to hear how you guys this week in your day was so Jamie. How was your week?
How was your day week sucked?
I had like a really bad night within the week, which was alleviated by some strategically
IM'd cat pictures.
I was just really kind of crappy all week.
I had a really good day Friday, and then I was really disappointed because Dan's like,
I don't want to go to the movie, so I was like, well fine.
Basically what happened Friday, okay last week was customer service week all week which
is kind of neat and Thursday was what is your favorite decade day so I dressed all 80s it
was great and played Duran Duran in my cubicle all day.
And then Thursday, not Thursday but Friday, they fed us spaghetti.
My supervisor cooked it and she makes really good spaghetti.
And then I get home and I'm like, okay, Dan, we're gonna go see Kill Bill, right?
And he's like, uh, I cooked you dinner.
Oh, how nice.
He cooked spaghetti.
So that's spaghetti twice.
And so I, I, you know, I went to the, to the store and bought like some garlic
bread and some real Parmesan cheese.
So it made it better.
You don't like the powder Parmesan cheese.
You have to have the actual,
Now that since I've had real Parmesan cheese, I have to have
real parmesan cheese every time and I'm such a snob when it comes to what I put
on my food but only half my cheese elitist bite my ass I'll show you cheese
anyway I you know I would have eat I would not have eaten that cookie if I
had known what it was to begin with that cookie deceived me that cookie is can
you can you provide our listeners with a little bit of backstory on the cookies
are turning purple. Anyway, don't you see, you're getting retarded. I love you, you love
me. There's nothing to throw, finish your story. No, do not throw the cookie you suck.
We get to the checkout counter at Walmart and I am delighted and thrilled to see oatmeal
cream cookies on the little Debbie Snack Bar.
I grabbed the box, and I hugged the box as excited as I am, and I freakin'...
She did.
I was there.
I fucked...
I fucked...
You fucked the box.
I forked over the money for this...
You're eating bacon bits out of the box?
My God.
No, you're sorry.
Anyway, I forked over the money to get this thing of oatmeal cream pie thing.
Get in the car.
I'm halfway through the cookie, mind you.
these things are too chewy these things suck I can't taste the cream oh my god
it's marshmallow ew and then we look at the box and reduce fat and I'm like oh
well shit so I gave one to I had Rob eat one and Rob agrees with me that they're
the worst cookies ever right sucks so we decided that we were going to come back
make everybody else eat them. And we've been successful so far.
This reminds me, there's one part in Kill Bill where there's a cereal box called Kaboom.
I remembered it from when I was like 5 to 10 years old.
I know. I hated that cereal.
We grabbed it one day and it was the worst cereal I've ever tasted. So we took one bite
and we basically threw out the box and that was the throwback.
They need to make shirts with old cereal boxes on them like Mr. T cereal.
I want a shirt with Mr. T cereal on the front or the Nintendo Breakfast System.
Like, it's for breakfast now.
is it I feel really old yeah you were still it was earlier than that okay
anyway nobody can hear what you're saying anyway so shut up anyway as you
know what I've noticed so many things from when I was younger are making a big
comeback now you know like you know they're doing all the re-releases of
Transformers. I have my season 3 box set now and so in the first half of it I
watched the worst episode of Transformers in history next to carnage
in C minor or major whatever it was. You know what? It's the Starscream Ghost episode for
season 3 and it's the worst episode ever. You said everything from your youth is
making a comeback right that's because they say like things cycle in 20 year
cycles like in the 80s 60s things were popular again and here we are in the
year 2000 and the 80s stuff is making a comeback because it's 20 years ago so
like all the stuff my child has been you come back just think in 20 years DDR is
gonna make a comeback remember that retro geeky dancing game we all used to
play technically didn't we dance aerobics man that dance aerobics game
was the shit sorry dinner well now we're getting what aerobics revolution is that
in Japan now I think so yeah
I have spirits.
You know, it got quiet.
Well, are you done with your story?
I was telling a story.
Oops.
I got sidetracked, sorry.
It's alright.
That happens all the time.
Whose turn is it?
Uh, Loki's.
Here you go, bacon breath.
Loki, how was your week? How was your day?
Almost bacon breath.
Good.
It was a bacon breath.
Yeah, Bake O'Breath. My week was good. I finished both DDR pads. They're done. Thank God. I'm so glad to be done with those.
And so I finished those. I had to kind of actually, they were finished last night very late. I had to do a really ghetto job on one of the panels because I lost one of the corner pieces somehow. And so there's a nice little square metal piece holding one of the panels. And I see it.
it's a square mending bracket but anyways I started this morning or
afternoon I started my cabinet so by estimates it shouldn't take too long to
do probably about a week or two and it'll be done because I'm already you
know almost finished drawing up the first the first the hell
yeah
Okay, anyways, um, yeah, I'm almost done drawing up the first, um, whole, uh, sheet of, um, particle board.
And there's actually only three that make up the cabinet, so, yeah, hey!
One sixth of the way done, so, yay!
And that would only take a couple hours.
So, um, probably shouldn't take too long, and we'll be having a arcade cabinet where the TV is now.
Enjoy!
Hey, don't be knocking it, you know you'll enjoy it.
Fucking break out the old school games and stuff.
Anyway, then yesterday we went down the golf land and played a bunch of F-Zero because there's no one playing it.
And there was a bunch of other people playing DDR and some retard unplugged the machine when we were trying to play it.
Fuckers.
What else? Oh, not too much.
I hear Drummania is broken again.
Actually, it was.
It was in police call attendant mode, so as soon as Keith gets back there on Monday, I'll be fine again.
Then what else?
Oh, during the week sucked and didn't do a whole lot other than see Kill Bill.
That was cool.
Yeah, that's it.
Not too much.
Okay, let's talk to Andrew.
Andrew, how was your week? How was your day?
Weak, exhausting. Day to suck.
Just day after day after day of college, which is absolutely tiring.
And we'll get to that in a little bit in the FUs.
Today I just sat around, played Ragnarok.
Actually leveled a couple of times, which is getting harder and harder, but...
figure it all balances out. That's about it. I just got bored and decided to come here.
You know, I've actually considered getting back into Ragnarok lately, but I decided to
start Final Fantasy X again. No, Ragnarok.
Not until I finish Final Fantasy X. I'll tank your alkaline. Play Ragnarok.
wait are you on are you on uh loki server i play on all three servers
i have to play on chaos so i can take you out with my assassin and gain you like
what 10 20 levels in an hour i can do that um no not until i finish final fantasy 10 because i i
started final fantasy 10 some time ago like about a year and a half no it was about a year ago
was when I was with my ex, it was a year ago, and I started it and I never finished it.
I only got about 10 hours into it, and so last week after the show, I picked it up again
and I said, I'm bored, I need something to do. So I'm like, okay, I'm going to play Final
Fantasy X, I'm going to play it, I'm going to beat it. I need to restart the international
one. And in this one week, I'm already past where I was last time. I just got past that
point today. You want to know what's going to be scary? The international version is
easier so if I get started playing I'll catch up to you yes I know Final Fantasy
10 is so 2002 so what I'm a late bloomer I'm retro and you know what on with
Final Fantasy 10 to coming out pretty soon you know it'll it means the story
will be fresh in my mind ever been to the GameStop and Arden from all that was
my DVD in the machine. Remember that crappy DVD I picked up last time you were here? That's
the DVD that's been selling all the pre-orders at Arden-Ferrall.
Yeah, that's cool. Whatever works. Yeah, so my DVD, my piece of shit DVD went
to a good use. Good deal. Let's hear from Bradley. How was
your day? How was your week? Well, most of my week was spent looking at
for a job type thing, working on my cover letter and trying a few things and waiting
for what was the final word on that job I interviewed last week for. Finally they got
back to me and said I didn't get it on Thursday. On that same day I got a one day job for Friday
I just went in and on Friday I went up and typed in a bunch of names and addresses and
phone and fax numbers for a mailing list type thing for testing software, basically like
one of those Excel access, all those type testing programs.
I could have been able to list, they might have just told me wrong.
Let's do a woman in there talking about the governator over and over again to various
people on the phone.
Hear grumbling in the background.
It's over.
Let's not talk about it anymore.
Those aren't even real bakos.
No, they're fakos.
They're bacon flavored chips brand bacon things.
With no MSG.
Yeah, they are.
Sorry.
That's okay.
I might have kind of edited them.
Let's see.
faking things. With no MSG.
Sorry.
It's my job to make the random side comments.
Spend time putting stuff on eBay because I need to get money
fast before I run out.
And let's see, on Saturday I got invited out to
go seek a bill via one of
one person for people to know, Neil, but he invited me out and said that he paid for it.
But then I drove out all the way out to Fairfield, so that cost about the same amount as a ticket.
But I actually had gas, I didn't have the kind of money to actually pay for that, in
my wallet at the time.
So we saw that, and ate at the only Chick-fil-A in North Carolina, in Northern California
for you.
Chick-fil-A is awesome.
Yes.
And they're closed on Sundays.
and they're closed on Sundays yeah have that eaten there for like a year and a half
Chick-fil-a is the best chicken fast food chain ever you can only get chicks no I take that back
because there's a Chick-fil-a restaurant in Mobile but usually you know places I've ever
seen them or in malls and apparently the owner of the company is you know super Christian and
they're always close on Sunday but they have the best chicken yes that's very good and Polynesian
No one can hear what you're saying.
That's a good thing.
Continue please.
Alright and today just put more stuff up on eBay.
I don't need to figure out. I need to have a plan of action for looking for jobs really fast.
Food, food, food, food, food, food, food.
Basically, that's all.
Now everyone's asleep.
Wake up, wake up!
All right, I'll take over then, because I haven't talked about my week and my day,
and I know everybody wants to hear about my week and my day.
I actually did pay some money this week on Friday. I had some tokens left so I went by Roseville Golf Land and played two games of
two games of guitar freaks and one game of VDR, but then I failed on
Twilight Zone because I forgot to turn off the
shuffle and just failed right at the end.
Okay, there you go.
Okay, my week and my day.
For my week, I didn't do a whole lot of exciting stuff.
I played a lot of Final Fantasy X and they did a lot of napping.
Vanilla Sky on Monday was great, of course.
I went out to Golf Land on Thursday and I played some DDR and some S-Zero and I also
did Last Night, Saturday Night.
I don't really like going to Golf Land on the weekends because I run into too many people
are in line and stuff. I like seeing some of the people in the DDR community that I
don't get to see very often. That was cool because I saw one guy I don't get to see very
often. And then I see some good faces and that's cool. But then there's just a lot of
those like just people to get in the way. So I don't like that on Saturday and all the
you know the guy and their girlfriend that are trying to play DDR for the first time
because it's cute and stuff like that and I guess I should stop being so elitist because
that's how we all get into DDR at one point but I just don't like waiting is what it boils
down to so you know get out of my way I want to play. So that's why Thursdays are always
better for TDR. Friday night was supposed to be this great night where we were going to go see the
movie and we were going to go out dancing and we were going to get our slut on but it didn't happen
we just went to the movie and then went to eat and then we went home. We ended up going out because
we were all lazy and my friend at work is going to kill me because we were supposed to meet her out
Saturday night and we flaked. Yes, Billy was supposed to come back last night. My sister Billy
was supposed to be here yeah my sister billy uh was supposed to be here yesterday but he didn't
come back and i think a sheep ate him because he lives in chico and all they have up there is sheep
um and that was pretty much my day in my week because i did uh napping final fantasy 10
some ddr some f0 and kill bill that was pretty much it and jamie's destroying the kitchen
So I think now is a good time for us to take a break. We're going to take a break and we're
going to come back and I don't know what you guys want to do when we come back. We'll do a
cage match, FUs of the Week, we'll talk about more stuff. What? All right. We're going to do the FUs
of the Week when we come back so if you want to send your FUs of the Week to me, Sky, in the chat
room and to get into our chat room go to www.calibomani.com, click on Orange Lounge, and click on
chat. In the meantime, we're going to play in this break. I think we're going to do something a little
bit longer in this break we're going to do yes it's longer and harder no we're
going to do the 80s do it right electro there I'm sorry the electro extended mix
we're going to do the long version of that about five minutes long but it's a
good break song so after this we'll be back with the F years of the week
You know what you want to do, get into the groove
Well you just got to move and soon you'll know
Just what you're really gonna do, so take it easy now
I can tell you how
Just feel the beat inside
We'll take hold and do it right
You can't give up
You can't get in to see the look
Your world is coming down to the top
You make the cut
You take the win
And guarantee you'll be all right
Do your best
Give your all and feel your rhythm
You can mess around the sun tonight
Don't let it rest
You'll never fall
Believe me, baby, you're a little
Ain't nobody know what you're thinking about
You gotta know, you gotta know
Believe this is your track
As we're all sitting down
And looking back now
Is it alright to be the one for you?
When you're back in the city of the game
Play it safe for me, it's alright
You gotta find the way to the city of the love
You're supposed to be here for life
Even if your love is a laugh for you
You're just with me, the gift is going on
I'll be the one to tell you what
You know what you wanna do
Yeah, do the flow
Well, you just got to move
And then you'll know just what to do
So that you even know
I can't really fall
Just feel the love inside
It's a little take for me to arrive
I'm a
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I'm
I don't know what to do, ain't nobody home
You're the best, you're the best, all that you know
You're even in your track, you're on and done
You're looking back now, is it all high or free?
You are the airway back to the last game
You're playing a game, you're still right
You're right by who says it's luck
You're about to play hand in line
Even if your love isn't left for you
It's a play for you, it's a show about hand in line
Let's listen in on an Orange Lounge Radio staff meeting.
Do we want to be accepted by Hollywood?
No!
Do we care what people think of us?
No!
Do we want people to kiss our ass?
Yes!
Extreme Babani Radio, that's us, Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi, we're back.
I'm eating, sorry, and I'm drinking shitty beer
the Jamie's making me drink because she's a bad after-school special bully
see
no Triscuits reduced fat and wheathens reduced fat that's okay it's those
goddamn cookies where they like just totally don't even taste right
It's like eating reduced fat ice cream. What's the point?
But you know, ice cream is good. If you're going to eat ice cream, you know what?
The only beer that Orange Lounge Radio endorses would be Guinness, by the way, if you're curious.
I was going to say the only beer that we endorse is Guinness.
And why do we like Guinness so much, Jamie?
yeah
uh...
Are you ready to do the F.E.'s of the week, Jamie?
This is Bob Don.
This is Bob Don.
This is Bob Don.
Oh, this is bad. This is bad.
No, it wasn't. Everyone just missed everything I said, didn't they?
I was just gonna say...
I can start over!
Okay. Um, I said...
Do you want me to start the music over?
No. I said thank you people at Walmart for leaving, um, your, uh, for not taking responsibility for your cart.
When you pull out your cart, you need to put it back up. It's really inconsiderate to leave it in people's way.
Um, and then I said about parents. Fuck all of them. Well, most of them.
Especially if you decide that, you know, I want to have a kid and then you don't put any thought into the responsibilities involved with having the kid.
You need to take responsibility for yourself.
And then, oh my God, the people who blame everybody else for problems that they cause, you know, you need to, people need to learn how to take responsibility for themselves, for their own actions.
you know you can't believe everything that you see on TV you can't believe
everything that you read you need to learn how to think for yourself and so
that's everybody okay I'm really tired of people not everybody everybody in this
room is in the cool book so dangerous you're in the lukewarm book um fuck
Corona cuz it sucks but it's not as bad as that pale ale that I'm making Rob
drinks and really I can't think of anything else cuz what else was I was
like going off without today Rob and when I was going off in the parking lot
at Walmart I swear my best step is when I'm not on the show I don't remember
Fuck mages in Ragnarok, for stealing, for kill stealing, and then fuck glassheim for not bringing me the things to kill fast enough so that I can level faster because I have the archer and I can snipe off the wall.
And then...
Fuck me for buying stupid things that nobody wants to buy because I was up to 800,000 zenny.
And then I bought a bunch of stuff and then no one's buying it.
I made poison belts. I'm selling them for four times what they want.
Um, but that's about it.
Alright, we're gonna go to Loki who has to explain his new music.
It's in theme with the show.
I like it. It goes.
Some choking here.
Okay.
First nephew of the week is going to go to stupid drivers.
More particularly, old people.
I don't like you and you drive too slow.
slow and cutting in front of me and then driving so really pisses me off and
you're lucky that I don't have a gun because I would probably do a drive-by
as I'm passing you but um says I don't I can't do that all I can do is just get
angry and give you glaring look
also f you two or fucking neighbors okay can't park their truck worth a shit hey
yesterday yesterday I tried to pull out of our space and the guys over the line
like I practically have like squeeze through the get in there
meanwhile they're getting high out in front of their house also lucky is
stupid people at golf land there's some kid that like went and jumped up on the
pad and started tapping dumb buttons really hard while I was like installing
and then left and I didn't even give a shit at all I just didn't even look at
him didn't even get angry just pretend that it never happened that's just a
moth and that was funny and then um fuck you too uh
oh shit I don't know um the fact that I don't have any food in the fridge that
ate it all oh no I don't want the cracker so I'm eating uh potatoes that
are kind of going bad if it can go bad but anyways and then um let's see what
else I don't know I don't really have too much
fuck you the stupid VDR pads over at the theater because they were slippery as
hell I nearly killed myself on those just
playing normal songs not anything hard if I played anything hard probably blood
all over the pads which is unsweet. And then finally, just F.E. to Yahoo News because you
report on this really dumbest shit. Also an F.E. to British Scientists because don't you
have anything better to do than to test to see if a cookie crumbles and shit like that?
Stupid Brits. They're so dumb. No, it's all about budgeting. They start running out of
money for funding so they have to do stupid experiments so that they can keep their budget
oh actually finally fuck you to the ria once again actually more it's not really the ria
but mainly um well anyways let me uh just give a backstory to this about a week or two ago there
was um an announcement of this new copy protection for this cd or whatever there's some loser band
put out probably country anyways and so it got put out and then people found out
they can get past the cop protection by holding down the shift key well that was
pretty dumb of them now wasn't it anyway so you know a few weeks later this kid
in college writes on his web page basically it kind of like a little essay
or a term paper type thing about you know copy protection and he mentioned
on that how you can bypass that. One company didn't like that that they posted that on
his site, so they're suing him. Meanwhile, Yahoo! reports this, ok, reports a story saying
directly in that article, ok, that this CD can be bypassed by holding shifts. So, they're
suing him for his term paper that got, you know, viewed by a couple hundred people, maybe,
whereas Yahoo! News gets viewed by millions and millions and millions of people. Isn't
that a bit ironic? Yeah, that's it. I'm done. I have a nephew of the week. I was at Golf
Land yesterday, and there was this really cool girl there, and I have no idea who she
is, but she wore a shirt that said this shirt was tested on animals. Something like that.
I thought she was cool. She's really good at DDR. She passed dropout, which is pretty
good. So, she was playing and these asshole drunk people got up next to her and started
playing without putting the money in. They were dancing on the pad, mocking her and stuff
like that. I fucking hate those people. So, F you to those people. But it was really great
because I couldn't find him I was in the middle of my game and by the time I was
done they were kind of they well this is what happened is that um they got up as
soon as I got off extreme they went up on extreme to start playing and she
finished her game right if they put the money in the machines just kind of
watched them for a minute and then as soon as they went to select a song the
drunk guy was like oh he's trying to pick a song right and she just walked up
hit the down arrow several times and then walked out the door
It increased the difficulty.
Cool.
So, they failed, by the way, if you're listening.
I just wouldn't have them thrown out.
I know, I... Keith wasn't there, and I don't like any of the other employees, really.
I don't know any of them.
You know what? I wonder if my track record would stay perfect, because I don't want that show playing.
What, getting people thrown out?
I guess I wouldn't have been out every time.
Not if you go Tuesday or Thursday, there's hardly ever people there on Tuesday or Thursday,
but like Saturday, yeah, you could.
You could have gotten those people thrown out.
to be my hobby. That's pretty much it. I don't really have F.U. to anything else. F.U. to
the fact that they decided to split Kill Bill into two parts because I'm impatient and I
wanted to see both parts on Friday. You suck, Miramax. Alright, let's hear from the others
assembled here in the room we'll start with Andrew I'm not chub just do your
f-use all right f you to my Linux teacher deciding take a sick day two
days before the final first study day god damn it why do you gotta take a sick
Okay, someone needs to fix him. Make him all better.
F.E. was talking about something and just not being able to get your point across. I find it happens to me way too often.
Especially when I'm on this show. So, that's about it. Not too anxious for today.
Then, let's hear from Bradley.
Okay, uh, fuck you to not finding work so far.
I didn't mean to work hard on that, at least I had that job, I think.
Thank you for that, at least.
So, fuck you to me for doing it too fast, because I got it done in like 5.5 hours.
They probably would have paid me for the whole day and I would have slowed down a bit.
Took a while to finish this.
Being a lady.
Too good at Excel, I guess.
It's kind of like thinking of other ways that I could have done it faster.
Anyway.
Fuck you to my falling credit rating, because I know it's doing that as we speak.
And bad things are coming on the horizon. I don't move really, really fast.
I'm getting stuff started paying off, and I'm finding a job, so.
And fuck you to Bank of America, because they changed their bill, they changed their credit card bill,
So it takes a day to pay instead of the same day, so it fucked me up last month.
The guy taking too long so long to finally tell me that I didn't get the job.
Making me wait so long to wait to the inevitable.
Um...
Oh...
I don't know.
But here's the general situation.
I must per- persevere.
Okay. I think that's about everything.
I think.
Alright, then let's hear from our chat room.
My FU of the week is to school, since tomorrow is Columbus Day and we don't have it off from
school.
Since I guess, finally, that our school has decided to be politically correct, since Columbus
never was the first person to discover America, but it was the indigenous Native American
peoples.
Damn school, we should still have a day off. It's supposed to be a national holiday. Fucking
bastard holes. Hey, guess what? Numb nuts, I have to work tomorrow. So you can damn well
go to school. And you know what? You should have to go to school during summer too because
I'll get summer off all right moving on zodiac night says my fuck you the week
goes to best buy calm for fucking up my order postponing my shipment of max to
U.S. for another week. Minsk would like to say a preemptive F.U. to the week coming up.
It's going to be hell for me. F.U. to the bursars office at my college. They are charging
late fees to me for a balance I paid off three weeks ago.
Let's do em.
Oh, uh, well Jamie, would you like to repeat that advice?
Give Jamie a mic.
Oh.
Well, shit.
Um, so that's the FUs of the week since we didn't get that many of them this week,
So I guess y'all are having a good week. Lucky you guys
Loki what's going on in the sim world? Let's have a sim update
What I I don't care if he's in the kitchen
The show must go on god damn it
Let's see
I mean, it's 3.9 alpha 7 or something.
It's out now.
I can't even keep track because the name's getting too long.
God damn it.
And then some improvements have been made there, I think.
And then I know that they brought back Easy to Dancer support, which, yay.
And then, what else?
People are ripping stuff for Max 2, USA.
You know, God damn it, if I did it, I would have been done by now, but, you know, they're still doing it, and Lawrence from DDRUK is kind of heading up the project, so that's kind of cool, because he does a really good job on him.
What project? Why is it a project? If one guy can do it in an hour, what is needing to be a project of it?
retarded these people are retarded they can't fucking just do it very simple
because it always has to be complicated they always have to like get six people
to do it or ten people to do it and no one knows what they're doing so that's
why it's complicated okay just wondering why is it always got to be so complicated
why you gotta go make things so complicated anyway other than that there's gonna be
also obviously now do your extreme stuff to rip so and then apparently you have
to pee too much if they're typing on a keyboard. Pee on the floor that would be
cool anyway now also another thing I found in my little travels on the board
there they have someone made a because as you know step mania has an unlock
system just in case if you were to ever to you know want to do unlocks and then
so they actually made an editor so you can do an unlocks with an editor which
No, that's rodsteal0014. You only live until you die.
That's a title. It's a porno.
Did you see that Brad and Irene loaned us the Whore of the Rings 2?
I haven't gotten to watch it. That's who it was. Brad and Irene. I was just thinking, Matt doesn't have porno like that.
There's really not much going on in the sim world.
I've been going on like 4 months now since I played setmania yet for some reason I still
download songs.
Of course I have it I guess.
Sucker.
Bandwidth horror.
You say that now.
It would have been a good parody of James Bond if they had just removed a lot of the
porn stuff.
It was funny on its own, but then they have people having sex for no reason and it just
detracts from it.
I also got like six copies of Suicide Circle this week, maybe, yeah that's it, nothing
much going on okay well I think we'll take another break then you know we could
talk about the actual news going on oh we'll talk about when we come back okay
all right we're gonna play in this break we're gonna play some more stuff from
the v-rare CD no eurobeat on the CD we're gonna play freedom for by B for
you and then we're gonna play the original mix of think you better D and
and then we'll play so in love train so when love train oh sure it's the soul
train all right so we will so in love train we'll be back after this break and
we're going to talk about more news stick with us here on our radio
You
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Believe, believe, believe
Believe, believe, yeah
Don't promise enough for the happy life
I know you've got nowhere to go
I can't live you
Don't sit there and wait
It's all on the line
Don't take my weight on you
La la la la la la la la la
Oh
D-a-a-a-a-a-a...
I'm awake at night and I start reaching for you every single time I wish you'd been
With a little clue that
There's nothing else that can make me feel the way you do
And the phones all don't provide the whumpin' heat
When the night starts talkin' through
Kissing you is more than I can stand Need you here with me, so baby
Let's get close again, I'm so in love You may be far away, but I need you here to stay
Now to hold me for I'll never get enough You're the only one for me, come on over and
And you'll see you and me, we are from love
Hello? Hello, is this thing on testing? Testing one two?
I'm looking in the index, but I don't see anything for how to run a radio show.
Hello? I don't understand this. This thing works?
This thing reads like stereo instructions.
Is this on?
What the hell?
Orange Lounge Radio. Broke down Get Opa Monte Radio.
What the f***?
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
I bet we've got a comment from the chat room during the break that we're not our usual
chirpy cells or perky cells tonight we're kind of in a mess sort of move feel perky
I think we just all need to get laid but I did well hi welcome back there's such things
So if you got laid, Jamie, what's your excuse?
I'm all tired out.
Oh, you're spent.
I see how it is.
Oh, you're spent.
Oh, me.
You know.
Anyway.
So we're all just spent then.
Yeah.
I see.
Well I don't know what to tell you, yeah we are all in a weird mood.
I think it is just the weather or something.
I don't know what it is.
Maybe we are just.
I am plenty happy and perky.
You rest of you are being.
Are you saying we are bringing this show down?
You are bringing me down man.
You need to kiss my ass woman.
Not my job, hello.
It is nobody's job.
It is alright.
Sorry.
Look at you puppy.
I don't want.
Eww.
Eww.
Eww.
You are disgusting Andrew, I'm glad nobody can hear that.
Umm, Loke you want to talk about some actual news going on right now?
I wish sometimes we were a TV show so you could have seen that throw.
I know what it is.
Kitty Jo says you guys are cranky and that makes me think yeah I think we are all on
our collective period.
We are all on the same cycle.
So right now, never mind.
Last time I checked, Kitty Joe wasn't a psychiatrist, so, uh, shut the hell up!
Anyways, um, actual news, obviously, first thing would be, um, DDR Extreme, you know,
coming out.
Oh, yeah, that.
Oh, yeah, oops, forgot about that.
You know, that we've been playing the VRare songs from and the consumer track songs from
all night.
Yeah.
Cause, you know, we were kind enough to steal them from BomaniStyle because we haven't gotten
ours yet.
Yeah I don't have PMS I do that all the time
Loki news news oh yeah it came out um it wasn't a surprise because we knew it was going to
come out for a while now you know what's funny about this is that yesterday the 11th of October
was actually national coming out day so it's kind of funny to keep hearing you say we knew
it was going to come out it's going to come out for a while now I'm just laughing because
I am thinking of International Coming Out Day and DDR Extreme and how DDR is really
gay.
But anyways, there are some songs on there, most notably the songs that we knew were there
and people were saying no you are wrong, like Max Period, everyone is saying that is a dumb
name for a song, how could that be coming out, well guess what it was in there and so
high laugh at you and then um what else oh there was um a new um well obviously we found out that
the song that everyone liked that we thought was called overloaded was actually a stupid barber
which is a stupid name it was a very stupid name for that song and then um also obviously under 12
was in there which is another one that was rumored to be in there and um scorched moon which i'm sure
we'll hear later was another one that was in there which is pretty cool and
see now what was interesting about the whole DDR extreme thing was is first off
you had a new remix by 2mb which was max period and second and second of all max
period max period which was
So also you have Max 3 which people are kind of hearing that song going is this the end
of DDR what does this mean because obviously when we play it later on and for those who
have already heard it it's got the part thank you for playing and all that stuff it's a
really weird song it kind of gives you the impression it's over and done with like there's
nothing more other than like this compilation crap that's coming out now
another thing also which is interesting kind of unrelated to the whole thing is
that I was looking I was looking actually in the max2 disk and you know
how you can pull up because every single remix or every single game that comes
out has a full list of all the songs pretty much a master list of all the
songs that are actually going to be in the consumer mixes and the arcade mixes
and whatnot so you'll have this giant master list and Max 2 USA it's pretty
much a compilation up to DDR extreme and also with I believe the ultra mix which
which is kind of neat. But one of the things that I found in there which was quite interesting
was there was yet another Max remix that's going to be coming out pretty soon. Which
I have to find my list. Oh here we go. Okay. Here's one of the songs that was in there
that was kind of interesting. It was Maximumizer. Which is kind of a weird name. Maximumizer
I guess maximum a miser
So I guess maybe that might be the new max for an ultra mix maybe maybe
Because I don't think that anyone in the right mind actually name a song maximum a miser other than katami
so
That was interesting
But yeah, that's pretty much all all the new wanna read these songs. We have any list there
Yeah
These are songs that are gonna be coming out or we're gonna come out like for instance
there's some of them that recognize one of them stronger by britney spears that was rumored supposed
to be in um euro mix 2 right no i don't know if it's in euro mix 2 but it might have been
the things that you do hula radio mix um i think that was also in euro mix 2 tamo was your mix 2
funk boogie i have no idea what that is addicted the bass i believe was ultra mix um disco 2000
I have no idea which one that would be.
It Takes More, I Don't Know, I Would Die For You, and For You being number four in You,
I don't know what that is.
I keep thinking of the Garbage Song, but that's the number one crush.
Shake Your Body, which I don't know what it is, I don't recognize any of these songs.
One Step Closer is going to be in the new Dancing Stage Fever, I know that.
Freak Like Me might also be in there.
When you look at me it's the Christina Milan song from, it's the song that we have in rotation
on the station actually, I recognize the song.
I think it's from Euromix too I want to say.
I think so.
Then there's Virtuality, which is another one, hold on, I don't think that's in DDR, I swear
Dizzy, which I don't know what that is.
Darn, from back here it looked like Dirty and I got excited.
2020 Vision, which is, I don't know.
And Maximumizer, which is interesting, and Saturday Night Live, or Saturday Night Love, actually.
And those are the new songs to expect to see on some...
Clarification, what was the Funk B one?
Um...
What was it?
Funk Boogie.
Funk Boogie.
So I have no idea what those are, but I guess they're going to be coming out later on in
some release.
So look for them.
It'd be interesting to look at the DDR Extreme list because you're going to have even more
of an update list on that too.
You can't wait to hack that disk.
Yes I can.
I can wait.
You're going to have to wait until Tuesday at least.
And that's hoping UPS doesn't say screw you guys and decide to wait until Wednesday or
whatever.
No, they delivered the rock line.
You know, UPS has fucked me over before, but yeah, that's all that's new.
That and Party Collection coming out, but we already know about that, DDR Party Collection
coming out at the end of the year, right?
I don't know if I want to fork out the money for that.
It's going to have to have the butterfly video, I figure, in order for me to pay for it.
I'll get it, because that's December, so that's a ways away.
Yeah, we'll see.
We'll see.
The next one we're going to be waiting for, though, other than UltraMix.
I know I can't wait for DDR xbox is anybody in our little circle going to be getting it Jamie
Jamie you're gonna probably have an xbox by then because obviously we know that they're probably going to drop the price
Yeah
If they if because this you guys know a gamecube gamecube dropped to $99 PlayStation 2 is rumored to be having meetings talking about doing
the same thing
By next week and supposedly they sent promotional new material to target already that says $99 PlayStation 2 is
So if that happens, Xbox is going to have to.
They're not going to have a choice. They're going to have to drop 99 as well.
And then also those N-Gages, they suck.
Oh my God. I was so excited when Dan got me Plio Plio for our N-Gage.
And you know what? It sucks. And this is me saying that Plio Plio sucks.
So we're sitting here with our, at least we didn't pay for our N-Gage.
I've heard nothing but awful things about the N-Gage.
Oh, poor Nelly just got beat with the mic.
I was going to say...
Hey, that's a good
quote right there. Orange Lounge Radio, when you
taste the suck, you won't feel the pain.
Yeah.
I am going to put a link in there for everyone to see. This is me making fake ads. I will do one for Orange Challenge and a bottle of Corona.
Okay.
Yeah, the next one I think we have to really wait for is pretty much Karaoke Revolution.
Karaoke Revolution is going to be a big deal. I think UltraMix is going to be interesting. The interesting thing about UltraMix is because of these song packs,
We will be talking about Ultramix 3 months from now, like, you know, they released another song pack.
I'm actually kind of looking, you know, it's weird, I actually really want an Xbox all of a sudden because I want Xbox Live.
I just want a hacked Xbox.
Xbox Live is the best thing ever.
I want a hacked Xbox so I can...
And I hate it, I hate it.
This is like me admitting I like a Polteri song and admitting I like bag on the air.
We need I J hacked Xbox.
I don't even know what the difference is, I was just going to go to GameStop and get a refurbished one.
Here's a different one. We take an Xbox, we have someone hack it for us, you put in a 120GB hard drive in there, and then you download games for free, baby. Oh yeah.
That's the worst Austin Empowers impersonator I've ever seen in my life.
That wasn't a pressure.
But you went like, yeah, baby.
It was funny. You had to see it.
to see it throwing this mic around badly no the thing that's gonna be real
interesting about DDR Xbox is the sucky pads since we can't plug in like
ignition I don't think they make a PlayStation 2 Xbox converter they do
good I might get an Xbox for that then again I haven't gotten a system more
recent than Virtual Voice.
So, um, yeah, I don't want to like the Xbox, but I'm going to have to, and I really want
to play PSO on the Xbox because somebody left their GameCube PSO for their Xbox PSO.
It's because we already had the Xbox Live account.
For some reason, they closed my GameCube account, so I just decided that I would play on the
Xbox.
Marin says she's going to be, if you see a Sky OLR on DDRXBox, that's Marin.
The DDRXBox screens look very nice, I'm actually kind of, I'm excited about it, it's weird,
there are arrows.
I have a picture for it actually, it's in the GameStop promo book and it's got like
all sorts of characters on there, I'll bring it next week.
Dude, the cover of DDR Ultramix is like a big DDR character orgy.
Who cares? It's arrows and music. Let it stick to arrows and music.
But it's pretty. It's pretty arrows and pretty music.
Alright. I think we'll take a quick break.
And then when we come back we'll do the cage match.
In this break I think we will finally play the max period because you guys have been dying to hear it.
So we'll hear that. We're going to hear a stupid barber.
And then we'll play Think You Better D the original mix because I fucked up last time and I actually played I Need You instead.
So when we come back, we'll do the cage match and talk about
more stuff, more news, more fun, here on
talk about more stuff, more news, more fun here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you for playing.
Oh, oh, oh, oh And it makes you wonder
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh And it makes you wonder
Overloaded
Come on!
Come on, let's get down to that, don't pay for my boo-bop
Peace and equality, let's see together, let's live in harmony
Look up to the sky, keep your head on the rise
Ding dong, rock so well, c'mon girl let me ring your bell
Fill up the volume with a bird of desire, all alone and I'm back to the bone
You gotta feel the pain if you wanna gain
Dance, let the button get loose, I hit the floor directly to the roof
C'mon, freak it out, the sensation, body free, generate the foundation
Yeah, a magical mystery theme, check it out, yeah the hit housing
Burn through your feet, it gets deep, exit, sleep, rock the rad you feel
Step one, you wanna dance and chance, right now it's the boom and take it
To the top of the tube, finish shaking those down, make your mind get free
Take a chance, now move that body, break it all down, let's have a party
Jump all around, jump all around, move that body
D, end your quality, let's eat together, let's live in harmony
Look at the sky, keep your head on the rise
Ding ding dong, rock it so well, come on girl, let me ring your bell
Feelin' the fire, we're burnin' the dia
All alone and I'm back to the bone
You gotta feel the pain if you wanna gain
Dance, let the bubble get loose, I hit the floor directly to the roof
You can't judge where the beat gets from
They're sprung like the rising sun
Cool, kick the nation with a groove
Till we rock the place when the bass gets boom
Whoa, from the head, top case
Education while we say great
Yeah, a magical mystery, bing
Check it out, yeah, the hit house scene
Time, the new astrology
Magical thing, combined history
This one, the house transmission
Everybody, write your decisions
Time, the new astrology
Magical thing, combined history
Come on baby, won't you be my girl Come on girl, let me rock your world
Come on baby, won't you be my girl Come on girl, let me rock your world
Come on girl, let me rock your world
Up around, up around, up around now
Supposed to open you down
See, any quality
Let's see, together let's live in harmony
Look at the sky, keep your head on the rise
These days don't rock so well
Come on girl, let me ring your bell
Still in a fight, you wear a bird of desire
Fall alone and I'm back to the bone
You gotta feel the pain, if you wanna gain
Work that body, work that body
Make sure you don't hurt nobody
Girl, be my lady
Hi, this is Mel B of RTF, and for an extra $1.99 a minute, my girlfriend Mel B can join
us on all the fun together.
Hey, hey, if you're a broke-ass like I am, why don't you come to the one place that costs
absolutely nothing to go to, and still the fun is just as great.
It's Orange Lounge Radio, Sunday nights.
Take it with me and you just might realize the best things in life are free.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio.
Give it.
Jamie is demanding the mic.
Hi.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
I hate you.
By the way, Max Resurrection and Neo Max suck and they will never be in DDR and so stop
asking stop wanting get over it when real music gets made it will be put in the DDR
not this crappy fan made shit I'm sorry no one can hear that you're on mic so a little
bit of the discussion from a commercial break carrying over to the show what what what what
what you do that again i'm going to shove that ferret so far up your ass that you'll
be pooping ferret noises
matt won't uh so easy and never fails loki won't max resurrection and uh neomax be in
your sim on your big arcade machine? No. You'll purposely be leaving them out? I have like
27 max remakes because I really don't need them. I'm going to limit it down to like three
or four. But will the Legend of Trance be in there? Um, maybe. It's pretty long so of
course it's going to be in there, it's mine! Mine was better anyways. Actually I do think
Legend of Trance was better than the other songs. It's just ok, Neo Max is ok, it's just
like they sat there all cool because they're doing piano noises, it just sounds like MIDI.
It's like Star Mine, when that was made, that was actually pretty good. I mean if you get
a remix of like Max 300 or something or even the Legend of Max. That would be awesome because
I mean obviously what we're going to see here in the cage match. Oh, Ken did my pick for
the cage match last week and he made pretty nearly a pretty kick ass. So I'd like to see
him take on Max. So try that. Okay. Also during the commercial break in the chat room I was
talking about I was poking fun at one of our people in the chat room who's having some
trouble typing tonight because they're missing some keys and I was suggesting
some Mavis Beacon and I was just thinking about like how hot Mavis Beacon
is man she's rawr. Has anyone ever seen Mavis Beacon? Just kidding I'm kidding.
I have. How many versions of Mavis Beacon teaches typing have we had? They're on
like version 15 I think I saw recently. You know what I never ever took any typing
classes ever. Me neither and I learned how to type on my Commodore 64. I learned how
I learned how to type out of a sense of competition with my roommate.
My roommate at the time was a secretary and she could type really fast.
Out of a whole sense of competition and wanting to keep up with people in chat rooms, I can
now type at my best at 90 words a minute.
That's what Iguana Girl and I used to do when we worked together so we'd have a little competition.
It's just a friendly banter to see who could do more issues in an hour type thing.
You were the two best workers in that whole fucking building.
And even when I'm under stress I can still type at you know 70 to 80.
And I type with perfect grammar.
I suggest if you want to learn how to type you buy yourself a Commodore 64 because those
computers are the shit and they have the computer inside the keyboard.
How cool is that?
And you can play Donkey Kong.
Alright, shall we get into tonight's cage match?
Sure.
Hi, this is Holly.
Last week in the Orange Lounge Radio Cage Match.
Loki's pick won, and he picked a remix of Paranoia called P8107 by, who was it again?
OnoKen.
OnoKen.
And that was the winner.
in a pretty overwhelming response by the chat room.
The chat room really, really liked it.
So will they like it two weeks in a row?
We'll see.
We're only gonna play a clip for you guys
because it won last week,
but nevertheless, you can vote for it tonight.
It's song number one, the winner from last week.
This is P8107.
Remember to vote for the winner of tonight's
Cage Match, you must be in our chat room.
www.calibemani.com,
C-A-L-I-B-E-M-A-N-I.com.
Click on Orange Lounge and click on Chat.
While you're there, visit the NAO Keyboards of Randomness because our forums are there.
Alright, here it is. A clip of last week's winner, P8107. Enjoy!
Alright, hope you enjoyed that, that was P8107 a little clip of last week's winner, song
number one you can vote for tonight Jamie Jamie what is that your pick for
tonight I forgot what did I pick your song is a group called black yeah when I
got from from Justin it's a remix of black cat by turbo it's in Korean it's
cool all right so here it is song number two tonight you can vote for it's Jamie's
pick and you get to hear the whole thing because it's a new pick it's black cats
That's the History remix by a group called Turbo. Enjoy!
Oh
Nero, nero, giù na è cinco de camo buiagni
Camo buiagni nero
Nero, nero, ir esta dore
Cazana furo gi
La la la la la la la la
All right, song number two, Turbo with Black Cat, the history remix.
I'm being told that was the pick in tourney mix for actually I don't know because I don't keep up with tourney mix and I
Don't play step mania. Well, there you go, but that's okay. I mean
Who cares? It's about the song not about the step file. So Jamie, would you care to rank your own pick?
You know, it wasn't it actually wasn't my first pick when I went to go check how long it was was 12 minutes
And I can't edit it down that small. So this was my next pick and it was pretty good and one of these days
kostjamrh My thoughts are that's the gayest Pump It Up song ever, and it gets a 6.9.
an 8 because it was alright. It was catchy, but I ignored most of it. Alright, Bradley,
what did you think? Not pretty good. Yeah, here's when I started. You killed my through
a fight. Yeah, that's okay. Uh, yeah, that was pretty good. I'll give it an 8. Alright,
an 8 from Bradley. Andrew? Uh, it was alright. I've heard better. Maybe a 6. Honesty, best
policy put the ferret down all right so a six from 23rd magus okay there you go
ferret but you know what our opinions don't mean shit because it's your votes
that ultimately decide it so you know it's like American Idol like that all
right here's my pick this is an artist actually put in the cage match like four
weeks ago I think an artist that I put in the cage match like four weeks ago
um but i like this song like three times more than the song that i put in originally so um
it's it's an old favorite family of mine to be putting in the cage match it's danny minnow
tonight and the song is all i want to do and it's not the cheryl crow song it's it's even better
so enjoy this this is song number three i saw danny minnow video at david busters
and what'd you think she's such a slut therefore i love her all right here it is danny minnow with
That's all I want to do, my pick for tonight's cage match.
enjoy
All I do, all I do, all I do, all I do
Take a look inside my heart, tell me what you think you'll see
I may not be the innocent girl that you wanted me to be
Sometimes I just want a lover Sometimes I don't need a friend
Sometimes I just need somebody To hold me to the edge
Let's take a look inside my heart Tell me what you think you need
You may not see the innocent girl That you keep inside your dreams
Tonight you're just one of the lovers
Tonight you don't need a friend
Tonight you just need somebody
To hold you to the edge
Take a look inside my heart
I wanna take a look inside my heart
Take a look inside my heart Tell me what you think you'll see
I may not be the innocent girl that you wanted me to be
Nothing just wanted lover
And I just don't need a friend
Nothing just needs somebody else
Hold on to the end
Okay, that was song number three, Danny Minogue with All I Wanna Do.
Jamie?
Seven.
Too repetitive.
She's a slut.
I give it a ten.
It's awesome.
It's the best song ever.
Logie.
I give it a 7 because I've heard that song way too many times because you play it all the time.
It's because it's awesome.
Bradley.
It's okay.
I'll give it a 6.5.
23rd, Magus.
After hearing Angel play it on her radio show all the time, it still doesn't get old.
It's still pretty damn good. I give it a 9.
Alright.
Okay, remember our votes don't mean shit though, it's your votes that count, so place
vote now!
Oh, I'm sorry, we actually have to recap before we place vote now.
Song number one you can vote for tonight, last week's winner, P8107.
Alright, song number two you can vote for Turbo with Black Cat, the history remix.
Alright, and song number three you can vote for tonight is Danny Minogue with All I Wanna Do.
do. All right. Place votes now. Send those votes to private message to sky in our chat
room. Okay, so we'll tally those votes in a little bit. In the meantime, more witty
I thought I'd read this story for you guys and get your thought on this. This is a story
coming from BoycottRIAA.com, one of our favorite websites. Here's the headline, Kazaa Plans
to End Free Music. This was sent by one of our chat room loyalists.
Charmin Networks, like toilet paper, Charmin Networks appears to have finally crossed the
line with a bid to get into bed with the big five record labels in the RIAA.
Kazaa backs plans that could spell an end to the days of free music is the headline
in the October 10th edition of Australia's The Age, and Australia is, you'll recall,
the place Kazaa calls home.
The world's most popular song-swapping network, Kazaa, has thrown its weight behind a plan
to start billing song swappers for their music downloads," says the article.
The proposal, which could finally end the days of the free lunch for millions of music
fans, has been put to big U.S. record labels at the same time as the new legitimate version
of the former file-swapping giant Napster is launched in the U.S.
The idea is to phase in a billing mechanism for peer-to-peer networks such as Kazaa and
Morpheus that allow users to copy music directly from each other's hard drives, she states,
going on that initially, payments would be by credit card, but in the future, downloads
would be automatically detected and a charge added to the monthly internet service provider
bill. What do you guys think? First of all, they have no real way to track something like
that. First of all, this is pretty much just like Napster was where they're like focusing
just on Napster or just on Kazaa. Don't they realize that people have already left the
BitTorrent or like WinMX or something like that? They're just gonna dump, you know, drop
all right keep trying well what do you think 23rd maggots yeah sure sure let
Kazaa go to pay I'm still gonna use Kazaa allied still gonna go on the same
network so you're gonna get the same shit for free they can't track me more
power to them I don't care
First of all, I don't use WinMX because it's shit and it actually has, I've known people
though who through WinMX have had credit cards stolen off of their computer.
Oh wow.
Yeah, so don't use WinMX.
I deleted that.
I use WinMX.
But yeah, but a friend of mine who is very secure with the systems.
not the only person who this has happened to. Like if you have Paypal, it broke into
Paypal account that way. That's why I don't have Paypal save my credit card information.
But even so, you know, get that crap off your computer. It's not good for it. I have a feeling
that that's how I lost my last hard drive. I'm okay with it. It's still, I mean I'm not
really using it anyway. I only use it occasionally. BitTorrent is really my main thing. I'm still
because I plus plus plus my bank has auto protection against all that stuff
because it doesn't log IPs good it doesn't log your your username it
completely changed mine yeah it blocks 480 I mean it keeps you protected it
keeps you anonymous yeah and you there can be multiple anonymous it cuz I
thought whatever users logged in it does not keep a track of it once and you know
on top of that if you actually have it do not link to your files nobody else
can download from you so they have no way of tracking no way of knowing what's
there I always thought Kazaa was stupid anyway I've never used it I hate Kazaa
the new Kazaa is great is it Kazaa plus it's so it's absolutely easy and I
download and on top of that they've even tweaked the program now I have had 17
downloads going at one time on Kazaa++. It's beautiful.
I'm still a big Bittorrent fan. I use Bittorrent for my anime.
What kind of sucks about Bittorrent, if you're the RIAA, is that now people are getting full
CDs, not just songs. You just made things worse, and they keep getting worse. Bittorrent
is not only anonymous, but it's practically unstoppable. The only way you can really shut
it is they're just fucking stirring up the hornets nest they're making things worse people are getting
pissed and they're just going to say fuck you instead of downloading the one song i want now
i'm going to download the whole goddamn cd uh kitty kazza light does not have spyware in it
the original kazza used to they they claim now that it never did it did yeah it is bullshit it
it did.
It had massive spyware.
That's the other thing that I attribute to the loss of my last hard drive over too.
Adware is our friend.
Actually, there's a better program than that, it's called Adware Search and Destroy.
It hunts down any, not just that, but basic installers like for Bonzi Buddy or whatever
and gets them off of your computer.
Fucking gator.
I had, actually, also WinMX does install Spyware on your computer, too.
Yes, it does.
Because after I was using WinMX, I went and checked, and I had tons of Spyware on my computer
just from that program.
Now, I actually checked about two months after using Kazaa++ and ran the Spyware check, and
there was nothing, other than what would have come through a web page.
But really, it's nothing, hardly anything, like maybe 10 files, as opposed to the 200
and something before with the old Kazaa I'll tell you one reason I actually really like
WinMX though is that it's the song sharing program of choice in Asia so a lot of like
good Asian, Korean, Japanese, Chinese stuff on there I just Kazaa I hate it I hate Kazaa
I hate it so that's just me nah nah nah nah alright want to hear tonight's cage match
winner? Sure. It was a squeaker tonight boys and girls by one stinking vote. Tonight's
winner of the cage match by one stinking vote was the one the only P8107. That was a close
one tonight. Votes were pretty much spread all out tonight which usually doesn't happen.
Oh well, Jamie and I will try again next week to dethrone P8-101, whatever it is, P8-69-69-69.
Alright.
I have to think three weeks in advance for when I'm out of town.
I know, you're going to...
I'm actually going to be gone the Sunday beforehand.
You're going to have your work cut out for you.
Because of family deals.
Jamie's going to be gone for three weeks.
What are we going to do?
You're going to pre-tape pump up the volume though, right?
Yeah, I might record Tuesday show and then repeat it while I'm out of town.
Actually, on November 3rd, I'm actually taking Monday so I can do my show before I go to Alabama.
Yeah, we'll do a show swap.
So there's only going to be two weeks where it'll be old material.
I'm also going to be doing a special thing that I'm doing as a favor.
More on that later, but it'll be replayed while I'm out of town.
Okay.
And that's really about it.
Speaking of our spin-off shows, Monday nights on Orange Mountain Radio is Vanilla Sky where
we talk about the life outside of games as well as other gaming news, non-Bomani type
news.
You should listen because it's great.
Tomorrow night on Vanilla Sky, by the way, we are going to have a video game trivia to
bad music written by somebody else, not me.
Somebody else is doing it tomorrow night so that should be interesting and I will be taking
the quiz tomorrow and if the subject is what I think it is I am so fucked what
Loki we should you should do one with the Sierra games remember the old Sierra
RPG oh shit those were the shit I'm so there
Canes Quest, Police Quest, Leisure Suit Larry, Space Quest.
Oh yes.
So, um, yeah, okay, um, what else was I thinking?
Um, coming November again, Live Wire on Wednesdays, now, the new night.
Also coming in 2004, tentatively, most likely, brand new show called Orange Lounge Star-Cade,
or not Star-Cade, Super-Cade, can't use the word Star-Cade because it's already a show.
Yes.
Brand new video game, game show, Super-Cade, every one Saturday a month, coming in 2004.
With prizes.
With actual prizes.
For our chat room.
Yes.
Your chat room and in-studio are in-studio players, one winner each, so it'll be cool.
That's going to be so exciting.
So pretty much imagine Starrcade with all the video game playing with a ton of trivia thrown in.
That's what you got.
It's a very complex show.
I have very, uh, I have to do a lot of stuff.
I've seen the rules for this show.
It's, it's, it's insane.
Yeah, it'll be fun.
Alright, I win.
You lose.
Alright, uh...
I'm trying to fucking get...
Jamie, would you like to plug what's on Tuesday nights on this station?
A cookie?
Cookies of Doom Doom!
It's my show.
It's a Tiska eating show.
Um...
Go have Rob say something about you.
Sorry, um, well Tuesday nights on Orange Launch Radio at 7 o'clock is the pump up the volume
pre-show and then at 7.30 it's...
It's pump up the volume!
Which is where nobody requests anything cause you're all...
I'm sorry.
Nobody ever requests anything on my show so I'm like okay why am I doing this?
So it's basically where you sit for three hours and listen to whatever I feel like playing
for you.
Yes.
in our chat room and requesting songs and I would play them hello it's over at
1030 sometimes but that's yeah it's some of the volume my son little show all
right I think we're gonna do we're gonna take a quick break and then we're gonna
come back and I don't know we're gonna fill 45 minutes somehow with something
we'll think of something creative during this break list list or match game or
something like that we haven't done a list list in a while you want to list
list what what subject do we want to do I know we still we never did do the top
ten names for Comcast I don't know I vote for the top three and cars you'll
never see an initial an initial D game I don't like cars and I don't like initial
D. So we'll think of something.
If you guys want to suggest a listless topic, we'll be
listening for you guys.
In this break, we're going to hear Sean the Horny Master
with Scorching Moon.
That's another Dance Revolution EX consumer track.
And then we're going to hear a trance remix of music.
And I don't know where this came from.
Loki, you know where this came from, the trance remix of
music on your computer? Yeah, it came from Winimax. It came from Winimax, alright. It's
not Transfersive, it's the Madonna song. Oh, it's the Madonna song? Yeah. Oh, I thought
it was music from 4th Mix, well fuck that. Play what then, Loki? I think it's the Night
In Motion remix. The Night In Motion remix? Mmm, I don't think so. Here, I'll pick something.
beatmania does outfades sink into trance remix
of Enigma because their newest album sucked so yeah all right we'll be back
after this little break we'll do Shawna Hornymaster and Boom Boom. We'll be back.
I did it
I did it
I did it
I see that
I see that
I see that
I see that
I need it
I'll be there
My heart goes on and on and on
Every time I think of you
I need some control
No control of what I do
Integrity, complexity
The world of tragedy
All right, we decided to say screw listless and we're going
to do the match game instead, so in order to do match game I need some contestants.
So here's tonight's qualifying question.
The first two people in our chat room to send me a private message with the answer to this
question will be playing in tonight's Orange Launch Radio match game.
So I'm going to ask you a question from Monday's episode of Vanilla Sky, a video game trivia
to bad music.
So here it is.
This is the question.
First two people to send me the correct answer will play match game tonight.
What was the name of the game put out by Universal, which was similar to Dig Dug, but the object
was to collect cherries or kill all the monsters, including ones marked E, X, T, R, and A with
your Powerball. The category, just to help you out for last week's Vanilla Sky video
game trivia on bad music, was 80s video games. So there you go. One more time. What was the
name of the game put out by Universal, which was similar to Dig Dug, but the object was
to collect cherries or kill all the monsters, including ones marked E, X, T, R, and A with
your powerball?
Well hello, we're back, Orange Lounge Radio here.
And it's time, ladies and gentlemen, to play the Bahmani Match Game.
How exciting is that, everybody?
Yay!
I've just flamed the rules because we have some new contestants tonight who we haven't
had play before.
I bet you want to know who those contestants are, huh?
us Rob tell us. Well in tonight's Bomani match game we have Zodiac Knight is
contestant number one. That's a buddy of mine from live journal so I'm excited to
see that he got the correct answer which was Mr. Do. We all knew that. Last week I
tell you I don't think any of them got it right.
None of the people here got it right that Mr. Do was a game. But that was the game
with the cherries and the ex-TRA monsters. Contestant number two tonight is AZN Buddy
Paul. Cool. He got Mr. Dew and he was second and just in case we have a standby as well
if one of them should drop. Alright, the way Bamani Match Game works is that I'm going
to ask a question and somewhere in that question is a blank. For instance, the question could
be Arkadian42 went to the store and decided to buy some blank. So all of our celebrities
here in the room will write down what they think should be in the blank. Propel! So propel
would be the answer that Jamie went right. Your job is to send me the answer over a private
message that you think is going to match with the most celebrities. And I'm supposed to
kick no styling. Why would I kick no styling Jamie? Change your name! Okay, so I hope the
contestants have an understanding of the rules yes you just send in what you
think we're gonna say for the blank and then for every match you get a point and
for every non match you get ridiculed horrendously by all of us introducing
tonight celebrities celebrity number one is dark Sakura hi and she can her
latest movie out in theaters now is suck you bitch die all right celebrity number
two tonight is Bradley Arcadian 42 and he is here tonight to promote my world tour event
of sitting in front of people and doing nothing. Alright. Celebrity number three tonight is
the one and only Loki and he is here tonight to promote Hatred. Just kidding what are you
here to promote tonight? Umm... Hatred? Alright. Contestants... Iraqi Suicide Babies! Alright,
and just a hint contestants, the more you listen to this show and the more inside jokes
you know, the more points you will get. Celebrity number 4 tonight is 23rd Magus, who is here
tonight to promote my ass. Please leave. Just kidding. And celebrity number five tonight
is the biggest celebrity of them all. It's me. And I'm here to promote your big ego.
My big ego. Alright. I'm here tonight to promote safe sex for all. Okay, yes, Asian buddy Paul
to me over by my sister so it's just like the TV show yes it's just like the
TV show except we don't want to get sued so it has a different name all right
here we go question number one you guys ready there's four questions tonight I
was gonna write five but I got lazy so here's question number one tonight boys
and girls sky oh that's me sky was sad $80 go bye-bye for DDR extreme to be
sent to his house damn sky exclaimed that's $80 I could have spent on blank
go ahead and send me your answers over private message contestants Rob was sad
to watch $80 go by and if you're in the chat room help our contestants give some
give some answers that zodiac night Asian buddy Paul can use to say them out
I was sad to watch $80 go bye-bye for DDR Extreme to be sent to his house.
Damn!
Rob exclaimed.
That's $80 I could have spent on blank.
By the way, someone is spelled with an O-M-E.
It's S-O-M-E-O-M-E.
And Sucks is spelled S-U-C-K-S.
Jamie Summers teaches typing, version 2.
Now available in stores.
No, it's called teaches how to spell. Use a spell checker if you don't know how.
I have one contestant on here. I am the grammar avenger!
I'm waiting on one other one.
Oh, I'm... Are the celebrities ready? It sucks.
Alright, you guys are all ready?
Okay, I'm just waiting on one contestant.
I'm just waiting on one contestant here.
Yeah, suck someone.
I'm interacting with the chat room.
Okay, here we go. We got both answers. Alright, you guys ready?
Ding. Ding dong, man. Ding dong.
Alright, here we go.
Let's hear what Zodiac Knight had to say.
Rob was sad to watch $80 go bye-bye for DDR Extreme to be sent to his house.
Damn, Rob exclaimed, that's $80 I could have spent on, Zodiac Knight says, male prostitutes.
Male prostitutes.
AZM buddy Paul says, damn, that's $80 guys could have spent on food.
Are you saying I'm fat?
alright we have male prostitutes and we have food we'll start with Andrew what's
your answer that's $80 he could have spent on chocolate
martinis and f-zero chocolate martinis and f-zero good answer good answer but
not a match Loki that's $80 he could have spent on man whores man whores
that's a match with zodiac night one point for zodiac night so the score is
now one to nothing you'd use it for 320 quarters to gamble with 320 quarters to
gamble with very good answer but unfortunately not a match my answer and
this would be the correct answer by the way damn that's $80 I could have spent
on booze although close to a match with food I don't think the judges rule that
a match sorry Jamie propel $80 I could have spent on propel excellent but not a
match well I don't know does that count as food no no I don't think it does
either yeah cuz you drink it so the score is now one nothing zodiac night
has one point and azm buddy Paul has no point that's okay cuz here's his chance
to catch up. You guys ready? Question number two. Jamie left to go to Alabama for three
weeks. While she was gone her evil little friends at Orange Lounge Radio decided to
leave her a surprise. When Jamie got home she exclaimed as she walked through the door
god damn it who covered my house in blank
Jamie left to go to alabama for three weeks while she was gone her evil little
friends orange lounge radio decided to leave her a surprise
when Jamie got home she exclaimed as she walked through the door god damn it who
who covered my house in blank
alright
just waiting on one contestant here
that is evil zodiac night says god damn it who covered my house in toilet paper traditional
traditional all right unimaginative but traditional all right let's hear what the celebrities
thought andrew god damn it who covered my house in engaged swag engaged swag all right
Loki, god dammit who covered my house in cookies of the suck cookies of the suck wow that would
be horrible that would be a horrible horrible faith indeed. Bradley says god dammit who
covered my house in dead stinking fetid rotted rvgl children ewwwww that's almost as bad
Mine was human kidneys bought on the New Orleans white market internet website to remind me
of home.
I remember my urban legends.
Very close but not a match.
Alright, ready for question number three?
Here we go everybody.
Loki did not take a woodshop safety class
before starting work on his Bimani cabinet.
The cast of Orange Lounge Radio was shocked and awed
when they heard a loud drilling sound
and then Matt exclaimed from the work area,
Sweet Jesus, I just cut off my blank.
Matt did not take a workshop safety class before starting work on his bromani cabinet.
Cast of Orange Lounge Radio was shocked and awed when they heard a loud drilling sound and then Matt exclaimed from the work area,
Alright, sweet Jesus, I just cut off my blank.
If none of them get it, they have to be really careful.
All right, sweet Jesus, I just cut off my blanket.
We are waiting on our contestant.
Alright, I'm waiting on one more contestant here.
Are all the celebrities ready?
I'm going to drink some more of this crappy beer right here.
Gross.
All right, are all the celebrities ready to have both contestants?
Zodiac Knights ahead 1-0 and his answer is to this question.
Loki did not take a wood shop safety class before starting work on his Bamani cabinet.
The cast of Orange Lawn's radio was shocked and awed when they heard a loud drilling sound
and the Maddox claimed from the work area, sweet Jesus I just cut off my, Zodiac Knight
says, penis.
I just cut off my penis.
asian buddy Paul says sweet Jesus I just cut off my feet there it is feet all
right let's hear what the celebrities have to say we have penis and we have
feet 23rd magus sweet Jesus I just cut off my gonads
gonads point point you know at the strike I gonads would be your balls not
your penis judges say overruled sorry he's ahead anyway doesn't need the pity
point all right Loki sweet Jesus you just cut off your this is like four or
five inside jokes back big black cock now that would be a match with penis
there you go so zodiac night now I thought it was big big black after you
cut it off zodiac night now has two points so there you go all right on to
Bradley sweet Jesus I just cut off my newly soldered wires nice g-rated answer
from Bradley boo I'm just kidding all right newly soldered wires there you go
nice clean answer all right let's see my answer is sweet Jesus I just cut off my
nipple just like an itchy the killer
unfortunately not a match Jamie sweet Jesus Loki just cut off his foot I
drilled myself in the foot how did I do that I need that excellent answer and a
a match for azm buddy paul i think close it up so azm buddy paul on the board with a point
play clip now if i can find the clip i'd be glad to play it for the obvious
i'm very surprised that i was the only one that went for the obvious one i i think that
was excellent you did an excellent job jamie for those that missed it you guys by the way here you
go. God damn! Ow my foot! Why did I shoot myself in my face? Oh my god it hurts so bad!
No! My foot! I need that for walking! Alright, so the score is now two points for Zodiac
Knight and one point for AZM Buddy Paul. I finished the shitty Corona by the way. Here's
last question and it's um azm buddy paul's last chance to catch up or zodiac night's
big chance to make the lead even bigger to cement the win here we go the 23rd magus i
think i may have done this question before you have to tell me if i have the 23rd magus
was going to show off his new elite freestyle at the next norcal tournament he said hey
hey guys I have this elite new move called the blank. 23rd magus was going to show off
his new elite freestyle at the next norcal ddr tournament. He said hey guys I have this
new elite move called the blank
uh... star celebrities furiously write down their answers as well as the
All right, I'm just waiting on our contestants to send the answers, and I think the celebrity
Are celebrities still thinking some of them?
Yes?
Alright.
Are celebrities all done with their answers?
Yes, it's about.
I'm just waiting on the contestants here.
All right, I'm just waiting on one more contestant here.
All right, here we go.
You guys ready?
Alright, let's hear. Let's hear Azeon Buddy Paul first since he's the one that's got a catch up.
23rd Magus was going to show off his new elite freestyle at the next NorCal DDR tournament.
He said, hey guys, I have this elite new move I call the, Azeon Buddy Paul says, blow! Blow me!
Alright, I like Maren's answer in our chat room, she says, the Portuguese joke book.
Zodiac Knight says, hey guys, I have this elite new move I call the boo boo kitty fuck.
Yes!
Yes!
Alright, let's hear from the 23rd Magus.
My new move is the met yourself on the bar, curl into a field position, twitch twice and
die.
Wow.
Interesting.
But not a match.
Let's hear from Loki.
23rd Magus has this elite new freestyle called the Dirty Sanchez.
Alright, Bradley, 23rd Magus has this neat new move and it's called the run out the door
and spare the people watching move.
Run out the door and spare the people watching.
I instantly guarantee them a win.
Awesome.
But not a match.
Close.
uh 23rd magus has a new move and i said it's called the white guy being poked with a cattle
prod i thought that's how he danced anyway all right hey jamie 23 magus has a brand new
elite freestyle move and it's called the the seppuku he joined the suicide circle just
to make it work good answer but not a match so our final score is drum roll please
zodiacknight wins with 2 points, that's like the most points anyone's ever scored
I think 2 points is like the record
wait, what did you get?
oh you got 2? so now you tied with 23rd magus who played 2 weeks ago
so what does zodiacknight get for winning?
nothing!
absolutely nothing!
we get to insult you as the winner
the winner you could have done better than two points you stink you're
horrible at the money match game you win ferret sex we give you our everlasting
scorn in this game here's what you win you win one free coupon good for going
out and getting a life you win the cookies of suck except Andrew ate them
And what does Asium Buddy Paul win as a runner up?
Air.
Yes, you win the air around you to breathe and enjoy.
And Jamie won't come take it away from you because you know that if you were somebody
else she would run in the room and go, just to take away your air.
So enjoy as the runner up.
zodiac knight is very happy because he loves ferret sex and he's very happy he won it okay
all right thank you guys for playing in tonight's baumanni match game that was fun
why don't you do that again sometime that's another bit we can drive into the ground
all right we're going to take a quick break or we'll take a slow break i don't know what
we're going to do but when we come back we're going to be on our way to wrapping up the show
maybe we'll do some quick ask orange lounge if there's anything you guys want to know
will be talking about some good movies we like or whatever. We will be back in a little
bit after this I am going to play Max 300. I don't know why. I am going to play Max 300.
did you want to hear and what's that from oh you know what I don't have the
original soundtrack on my computer what Twinbee I'll do Twinbee I can play
something else from guitar freaks for you all right all right we'll be back
liar after twin if I can even find Twinbee all right we'll be back after
of music.
Jirumanatori
Takashikinanda
Desu aninjin
Sorato boninjin
Asana no ue la
Tsugoi hai asame
Desu aninjin
Maba yumi
Jigari
Igo tahayo
1, 2, 3, 4
Hi ho, Kermit the Frog here informing you that today's broadcast of Orange Lounge Radio
is brought to you by the letter D, the letter A, and the number 59.
Can you tell me how to get, how to get to Sesame Street?
Let's ask Orange Lounge some stupid question
What will we learn this week on Ask Orange Lounge?
Who's the whitest in the room? I bet you wanted to know
let me tell you it's andrew and by a long shot
all right our first question for ask orange lounge comes from azn buddy paul
who wants to know who would who would matt do if he did lose his big black cock i'm sorry what
What would Matt do if he lost his big black cock?
What would you do if you lost your big black cock?
I guess I'd just have to use my reserve big white cock.
Alright, excellent, excellent question.
ACM Buddy Paul would also like to know, would any of the Orange Lounge radio staff enter
Iron Chef?
I would.
Oh yeah, me, I'd be first in line. That would be fucking great.
So that is secret ingredient is microwave.
You know, it tastes really good if you add a nice butter to it, you know.
Anyways, I would yeah, I'd enter I'd be Iron Chef superfood. So yeah.
You know, the thing is, though, is that I could probably enter Iron Chef and fake my way through it.
Just because I used to watch all these cooking shows with my grandmother, like the Galloping Gourmet.
So, I can cook really good, I just don't...
I'm not saying that I'm as good as those guys, but I'd enjoy that at Iron Chef, just to be funny.
What would be the secret ingredient you'd secretly wish for?
Yes, instant rice.
My secret ingredient would be chicken.
Marin says propel.
Propel.
Cooking with propel.
I would bet that berry flavored, propelled steamed rice would be good or lemon flavored.
Next question we have is from Okyun. Okyun would like to know how are you?
How and you? I'm super, thanks for asking.
if you marinated me just right though I'd be damn good teriyaki me would be
good I I it was it was oke on oke on the terms whatever happened with fava beans
and nice Chianti all right moving on I I got the red arch it puts the lotion on
games. What kind of a dumb question is that? I don't want to mod my PS2 even if it means
I would get the better DDR mixes. It's country lockout. Yeah it's just country lockout. Maybe
the question is deeper than it sounds. Why does Sony feel the need to lock out the Playstation?
The same way they do for all games and have since the beginning of video game history.
should they have to do that? Why lock us out of the Japanese game? Market share. Domestic
versus foreign market. It's assy. It's assy and I don't like it. And copyright. You know
true that with the Nintendo all it was was finding an old copy of Garamite and you know
putting it on your game genie. But still you know they've had lockouts since the I think
the Master System had lockouts because of the pin cards. The PC Engine, you can't even
find a good converter to play Japanese U-Cards on a TurboGrafx. Now, however, the games did
not have country lockout. The CDs did not, but it was new technology. Well, it doesn't
really matter anymore anyway because we do have all these fancy ways of getting around
the country lockout. You know how I got around it? How? I bought a JPS2. I held the shift
key while putting in the disc now they have this thing if I think if they sell
it on ncsx where you pull the lid it's like a new case that you put on your ps2
and you can lift the lid off and it'll you have a card that will stop the game
from spinning and you change out the disc it's really stupid it's like the
old remember the on the old PlayStation they're like multi flop yes oh god I've
seen someone do this the seven-point swap you know what that's right that's
That's why we had, we bought the last Dualshock system that still had the IO port so we could
use our GameShark.
And we still had the old
to know?
In your opinions, at what point, what number mix?
it be a good time to stop the DDR series and infinity is not an answer that was
with max thank you so you think DDR was pretty much dead at six I keep playing
it why not but you know it's just the same old thing there's not really much
innovative that they can do with it all right
anybody else get answer facility in a second mix was the best I have an answer
but I'll wait Magus take it to 9 make a final be done with it make it like beat
mania just take it 9 in the final that's it
low key care to comment so just keep making more and be glad it's still
around cuz then they're not gonna make stupid ripoff like Brittany's dance beat
the arcade game or some shit like that Barney's dance magic I love you you love
me I'm a drunk inside a suit here's my thought on it DDR should stop at 8th mix
extreme should be the last one remember how the little thing doesn't make any
sense you are starting over if they don't this is my thing though DDR as we
know it should be done I want DDR DX now I want DDR 2 I want DDR something new
DDR as we know it is done so forget it but I think dancing games by Konami are
not done yet and I think we'll see something new and it's going to be
something like competitive I always say this I say this like at least every
month on the show the next DDR should be something competitive DDR has always
been very cooperative game with some competitive modes but they haven't been
very and there haven't been much to them second mix that battle was maybe like
the most competitive thing DDR ever had and then he had unison mode and then
battle mode was like nothing that was just another way of doing versus mode
but having like a dance magic competitive mode or something more
competitive I think is where DDR should go next but who knows what Konami has an
an idea of. Maybe they'll surprise me. But please God, please, no sequels to Dance Dance
Dance. Thank you. Justin B. would like to know, will you play my crappy remix so that
people can laugh at it? He has a new remix he wants us to play. We're running out of
time on the show but we'll do it in the after birth and we'll all laugh at it. So stay tuned.
Azie and Buddy Paul, this is the last question of the night, thank you all for participating in
Ask Orange Lounge.
Azie and Buddy Paul would like to know, what do you think about Sky starring in Kill Bill
Volume 2?
I think that he would probably be the first one killed by another man.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, I don't like that attitude.
You know what though, Kill Bill Volume 2 is already done and shot so I can't really be
in it unfortunately.
I would love to be just some guy that has a cameo that decides to purchase the pussy
Wagon when all is said and done. The new owner of the Pussy Wagon. Yes, Loki, you want to
answer the question? I would have just shot her dead. She has a sword. Oh, you're gonna
go ninjutsu on me, huh? Indiana Jones all over again, bitch. I don't want to spoil anything.
I don't want to spoil anything, but I could say something. I don't want to spoil anything.
I already know.
I already know.
So ha.
Alright.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
So thank you very much for asking Orange Lounge tonight.
We hope you all learn something as we do every week on Ask Orange Lounge.
I don't feel like singing.
Well kids, it's about time for us to wrap up this train wreck of show that we call Orange
Lounge Radio.
So we're going to get everybody's final thoughts.
We'll start with Bradley.
I hope I make it. I certainly hope I do.
We hope you make it too.
23rd Magus.
Boobies.
Boobies is your final thought. Thank you, that's so mature.
You're such a teenage boy. You are such a teenage boy.
Well, yeah.
Yeah I know.
Logie your final thought?
Toga, toga, toga, toga.
Jamie your final thought?
My final thought is, do you call that begging?
My final thought is, bingo!
And uh, oh did I take your word, I'm sorry.
My bad, sorry.
Another one.
Well, hold on, we'll get, oh you have another final thought, oh okay, we'll get to the word
in a minute.
We'll get to the word in a minute, but I just wanted to thank everybody for listening to
and supporting Orange Lawns Radio, without you we're nothing, we're shit, we suck, we're
were scum. No, we're still great either way. But no, we do thank you for your support and
thanks for tuning in as you do every Sunday night and take care of yourself and each other.
Tonight's final word goes to Jamie. You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is hosted by Dark Sakura, Sky and Loki. We expect you a nice play again.
And now, here's your fortune cookie message of the day.
As your leader, I encourage you from time to time and always in a respectful manner
to question my options.
If you're unconvinced a particular plan of action I've decided is the wise, tell me so.
But allow me to convince you, and I promise you right here and now, no subject will ever be taboo.
Except, of course, the subject that was just under discussion.
The price you pay for bringing up either my Chinese or American heritage as a negative is...
I collect your fucking head.
Just like this fucker here.
Now, if any of you sons of bitches got anything else to say, now's the fucking time!
I didn't think so.
Thanks for listening, and we'll see you next week.
Alright, welcome back boys and girls to Orange Lawn's radio to Afterbirth. So as promised,
this is when you covered in Ask Orange Lawn. Rob, can I collect your fucking head? No,
you may not collect my fucking head. We kind of have to make this a quick Afterbirth because
we're running into the movie theater to go see Kill Bill for the second time from Magus's
case the first time. He's a Kill Bill virgin. I encourage you to see Kill Bill as many times
as you can at the theater. I think this should be the new cult movie. This should be like
the Rocky Horror Picture Show Part 2 or something. Wouldn't this be fun to shadow cast? Oh my
god, I'd so be like a member of the 88 gang. I would of course have to take GoGo's character.
Alright. Here we go. This is from our very own Justin Beah. We play things that our chat
room builds because we support our chat room just like they support us we're gonna play
something it's a remix he did it's the speedy mix because you know justin b this is uh jamma
and the song is called gotta dance and he apparently remixed this quite a bit apparently
the vocals are the only thing from the original song the rest of it he did so enjoy let us
know what you think. This is Jammo with Gotta Dance, the Speedy Mix by Justin Bieber.
well we need to laugh at it now ha ha ha ha remix ha ha ha speedy mix ha ha and if
sauce hasn't seen um kill bill by the time we go to alabama i'll pay it for her to see it
Of course I can upload it to her.
Now we don't endorse piracy here on Orange Lounge Radio, we endorse it.
Hi, I don't really have anything interesting to say in the after work tonight.
No, I have a headache.
Yeah, we're just all in a mad kind of mood.
We're all in a pissy mood, remember?
What I feel Orange Lounge Vocal edit, I don't remember, was that the one where I was going
Oh, was it BRP Ohio, I'm sorry. Oh, my bad. Interesting. Interesting. Oh, sorry for mixing that up. I just can't remember. So many cool people on our show. Okay. If nobody else has anything to say, then I guess that's the afterword.
We are going to do in the post show here, what should we play for them post show tonight?
Eurobeat.
Eurobeat?
Yeah.
I don't know if I have any Eurobeat albums really.
Don't you have my CD with the 614 megabytes of Eurobeat?
I do.
I do somewhere.
Hold on I'll find it.
You have to fill time while I find it though.
I was supposed to do a Eurobeat marathon and I didn't.
I feel so bad.
I played Happy Hardcore instead.
I think it was volume 7 of Happy to be Hardcore.
I need to go back and get the others.
I don't need to get that CD when you're talking about it.
Somebody alert No Styling that we're going to do a Eurobeat marathon.
Yeah, make sure that he's got a change of underwear handy or something.
Because he's probably going to go through about five of them.
Alright, the room is already excited about this one, so hopefully the CD is not scratched too bad and it will play alright.
So, um, we'll see what happens here.
Alright, I think we're set here. I'm just going to cue up all the music.
Thank you once again, boys and girls, for your loving and caring support of Orange Lounge Radio. We appreciate it.
it and this Euro beats for you. We'll go pa-da-pa-da our way to the movie theater.
Yes, we're going to pa-da-pa-da our ass off at the movie theater. Is it going? If it skips,
I apologize in advance. The CD might be a little skip, but we're going to do our best.
Goodnight everybody!
I still wanna lose you, cause I gotta love you now
Yes, I'm your love boy, and I'll give to you my love
Remember
We were lucky to get the voice
Time by time
I wanna say
You can change everything you want
The story we got
Can't wait to say
Goodbye
Yellow brick road
Do you remember the time tonight?
Goodbye
Yellow brick road
I wanna be your angel baby
Goodbye, yellow brick road Do you remember the time?
Good night, goodbye, yellow brick road I wanna be your angel, baby
I feel like an angel, I will be your shining star
Nothing will sing and I can take another time
Try to remember, we were lucky together, boy
Boy, time by time, I wanna say
You can change everything you want
The story we got, we're meant to play
Goodbye, yellow brick road
Do you remember the time tonight?
Goodbye, yellow brick road
I wanna be your angel baby
Goodbye, yellow brick road
Do you remember the time tonight?
Goodbye, yeah, hope there's more
I wanna be your angel, baby
I don't wanna lose you
Cause I gotta tell you now
Yes, I'm your love boy, and I'll give to you my love, but I remember
You can change everything you want The story we've got remains the same
Goodbye, yellow brick road, do you remember the time tonight?
Goodbye, yellow brick road, I wanna be your angel baby
Goodbye, yellow brick road Do you remember the time to die?
Goodbye, yellow brick road I wanna be your angel, baby
You
We stay together till the morning light Don't stand so, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me
Baby you belong to me, yes you do, yes you do You're in my faction, I can't make you want to cry
If I do, if I do, I will be good You're like a cruel device, your blood is cold Like ice boiling from my veins, I'm breaking my chains One look and you can't kill My pain, I'll miss your thrill, you'll love it for me
I said, try me, take a chance of emotion
but now it never grows to your heart
I said, try me, take a chance of affection
we'll fit together all the time
I said, try me, take a chance of emotion
but now it never into my heart
I said, try me, take a chance of affection
we'll fit together till the morning light
Don't stand so, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me
Baby, let me take control
Yes, I do, yes, I do
You're a monster, I guess
No one ever makes me cry
What you do, what you do
This is the best
You're like a cruising bike
Your blood is cold like an explosion from my veins
I'm breaking my chains
One look and you can't kill my pain
I'll miss your thrill
Your love is for me
I said try me
Take a chance of emotion
But now we're never close to your heart
I said try me
Take a chance of affection
We'll be together all the time
I said try me
Take a chance of emotion
But now we're never into my heart, I said try me
Take a chance on my passion
We'll be together till the morning light
Don't stand so, don't stand so
Now it stands so close to me
I bet try me, take a chance on emotion
But now we're never close to your heart
I said try me, take a chance on my passion
We be together all the time
I said try me, take a chance on emotions
But now we're never in to my heart
I said try me, take a chance on my passion
We be together till the morning light
I don't stand so, don't stand so, don't stand so close to me
Drive me, take a stand from emotion
From now and never go through your heart
I said drive me, take a stand from affection
We speak together all the time
Say try me, take a sense of emotion
For now we're never into my heart
Say try me, take a sense of affection
We speak together till the morning light
Don't stand so, don't stand so
Nothing so good to me
4, 3, 2, 1
No one sees me talking out
A night when the light is no one with the radio
Your heat's on fire
Even if you say I have been the worldwide
I'll take you where surely you have never been
All right in the fight, I'm okay, come on!
Come on!
Hey, do you feel the light? It's miserable
Because it's always just unbelievable
No other place is like that in the world, world, world
No one sleeps in Tokyo
All night crossing the line
No one quits the radio Stop your heat from fire
No one sleeps in Tokyo All night crossing the lane
No one quits the radio, talk your head from fire
Turning to the left, you can see the red lights
And to the right, crazy music everywhere
All right, in the fight, I'm okay, come on!
Come on!
Hey, do you feel the light? It's breathable
Look at the sun, which is unbelievable
No other place is like that in the world, world, world
One, two, three, four
No one lives in Tokyo
All night crossing the line
No one's with the radio, talk your ears on fire
No one's with the Tokyo, all night crossing the line
No one's with the radio, don't you hear some fire
All right.
Unbelievable, no other place is like back in the world, world, world
No one lives in Tokyo, all night crossing the line
No one quits the radio, Tokyo is on fire
No one lives in Tokyo, all night crossing the line
No one quits the radio, don't you eat the fire
Lonely love
Lonely love
I can feel, feel right, I need you on the line Forever, lonely love
Don't let enough of time with love and passion escape
Nobody knows what my dear foundation
A special message for you
Roll up for you, the time for all the nights Only you can take my steady affection
All my dreams will fall short, all my love Breaking all my heart, follow me tonight
Just to see the music tonight, just tonight Lonely love, I love my bride
Come on and dance with me, hold up my phone for you
Lonely love, music for my life So bright in the sky, can't I see for the night
But a lonely love, maybe not only time
Make me lose, it's just a life for you
A lonely love, lost in your eyes
Make me feel, feel alive
I need you all the night forever
Lonely love
This is the light of the night, the rain of the sun, the sky, the flash of paradise with the rainbow
The magic story with you, growing up on my broken heart and something dark
Only you can take my fatty affection
All my dream will portion all my love
Breaking all my heart, follow me tonight
Just to trip the music to majesty like
A lonely love, I lost my right
Don't wanna disturb me
Hold on my soul for you, lonely love
Music for my life, flying in the sky
In the deep of the night, I find a lonely love
Maybe not only that, you make me lose
This is my life for you, lonely love
Love's in your eyes, makes me feel, feel alright
I need you on your side forever, lonely love
Don't let love fall, send me love
A special again, nobody knows all my different issues
A special message for you, a golden love for future
Time for all the nights, only you can make my satisfaction
All my dreams, a fortune, all my love
Breaking all my heart, follow me tonight
Just to take the music tonight is delight
Lonely love, I love my ride
Come to my destiny
Hold on my soul for you, lonely love Music of mine, like a flight in the sky
In the deep of the night, I fly my lonely love
Late in the morning sky, you make me new
Here's to my mind for you, lonely love
Long till you rise, we can feel still and bright
I need you, I'll be blind forever, lonely love
Make me feel, make me feel, feel alright
Make me feel, make me feel, feel alright
I need you on this ride forever, lonely love
Living the only time you make me lose
Here's to the life for you, lonely love
Long till you rise when the feels feel all right
I need you on this life forever, lonely love
Come over here and give me all my love No matter what I do, I won't be through your
There's another night, I'm ready to see
And you come on, don't be afraid
Cause you've got me to the bone
Burning me so deep, I'm still in love for more
More and more to see
Like a fox in the dark
Like a fox in the dark
No matter where we sleep or we fight
No matter where we suffer, we rise
Like a fox in the dark
No matter where we sleep or we cry
No matter where we love or we ride
I'll take you to the beach
Darkest place, baby don't be afraid
I'll take you in the dark to know the place
Remember what you said, come on, girl don't leave right
Cause you got me through the hole
But it feels so deep, I'm still in love for more
More, no, please
Like a fox in the dark
Like a fox in the dark
No matter where we sleep or we fart
No matter where we stop or we run
Like a spark in the dark
Like a spark in the dark
No matter where we sleep or we ever
No matter where we stop or we run
Like a bird, like a bird We fight, we run
Like a bird, like a bird No matter, no matter
No matter where we go, for we ride
Ride that bike
I don't know what I'm doing Maybe it's the time to let me go
I think too much of you said That our love will never die
Thanks for watching!
