Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this lovely Sunday evening, the 17th of June, 2007.
Happy Father's Day again to those of you folks that are gamer daddies.
We're going to get back into the gaming news.
Remember Orange Lounge Radio is released in two parts.
And if you haven't listened to part A, you missed a lot tonight.
So please go back to wherever you got this show and make sure you've tuned in to part A.
Let's continue on with tonight's program.
And I'm going to start us off with some more gaming news in this segment.
We talked a lot about PlayStation 3 and a little bit about computer games.
Started to dip into Xbox a little bit in the last segment.
We didn't really mention the Wii a whole lot.
But I do want to talk about Madden 2008.
And we don't talk a whole lot about sports games on this program because everybody likes their different genres.
Some of them are role-playing games.
We don't play a lot of sports games.
But some of these interesting new features in Madden 2008 are worth mentioning.
And I want to talk about the friend codes system and kind of one of the bummers about Madden 2008.
IGN recently interviewed the associate producer of Madden 08, Damien Zur.
And he's talked about that the game is not actually going to be using the friend codes.
You know how you've been collecting the Wii friend codes so you can trade Miis across the internet and stuff like that?
Madden 08 is not going to use that.
Quote, Madden Wii doesn't support the Wii's friend system during online play.
This is something we're still working on with Nintendo.
For now, our online play uses your EA Nation persona to search and manage your EA Messenger account.
So now you're going to have to balance this whole other thing.
But what?
What if this is something that they're going to support through all their EA games?
Which is fine then if they're going to do that.
As long as it's not...
I mean, you can call their friend code whatever you want.
If you've got to enter one in for each game, who gives a shit?
I mean...
I just kind of wish Nintendo would just wake up and say...
Because they're saying that we're having problems with Nintendo.
Why is Nintendo holding back on this stuff?
That's obviously what's going on here.
Nintendo's done this with the DS.
They held back on so much of what the DS actually had in it.
They didn't launch DS online until a year and a half after the system was out.
And then there was also the whole microphone and the voice chatting is just now happening.
I don't know if Nintendo likes to time release the features of their system to make it last longer or what the deal is.
But it's weird.
I thought it was more technical issues.
What's that? Explicit?
I thought it was more technical issues.
I don't know, but it just seems to me like you're not seeing any online games.
I don't think it's because no one wants to do it.
I think it's because Nintendo's kind of keeping some secrets down or something like that.
Bandit in the chatroom says,
Online play doesn't start until Nintendo says so and the next gen doesn't start until Sony says so.
SSJ100Matt being very random in our chatroom.
chat.orangelandradio.com
Dear Nintendo, bring back the Game Boy printer.
Well, knowing Nintendo, maybe there will be something to attach it to later.
To print out your Mii or something like that.
RossdielUT brings up a good point.
EA could easily just say,
No Madden for the Wii unless you stop with the friend codes.
I don't know though.
Wii is selling pretty good to an audience that may not necessarily have a 360.
So I think you still want to get Madden out to that audience somehow.
I don't know.
Well Madden Wii is going to get some other funny features in there as well.
Including some mini games, Mii integration, and the ability to draw on the screen.
Unless you two can be just like John Madden and draw on the screen.
With the brand new Wii Illustrator.
So that's kind of funny.
And of course like FIFA and some of the other games that are coming out.
You will be able to integrate your Mii in there.
There are going to have a whole set of mini games.
Kind of similar I'm guessing to Madden 07.
You know, just field training and what not.
Okay, so you can sketch all over the board like it was real football and everything.
But the $64,000 question is, will you be able to write out boobs on the prompt on the little thing?
I think you can.
How very un-Nintendo like.
What's that explicit?
Then again, Nintendo is supposed to be releasing a child porn game for the DS.
What?
No, no, no.
That is Namco.
Or SNK.
I'm sorry.
SNK.
The only new game that they're putting out was that stupid touch the witches thing to
see if they're witches and you flick their boobs and shit.
What in the fuck are you talking about?
Maybe you should read some more Kotaku or something.
There's at least one story about this damn game.
Give me a break.
There's like 50,000 game blogs out there I'm trying to juggle.
It's a Japanese game where you have to find witches.
And the only way to find witches are to poke and prod at them on their body.
And one of the witches happens to be a little boy.
Wasn't there like a cat or something too?
I don't know.
It's just weird.
But yes, at one point you do touch little boys in that game, so that's weird.
But there's a lot of touching of women and you flick their boobs and stuff.
I'm poking Jamie to see if she's a witch right now, actually.
She's about ready to break her bottle.
I beard you.
I beard you.
Wow.
Jamie does not like to be poked and declared a witch.
And Madden 08 will be online.
We found a witch.
May we burn her?
Of course.
Burn the witch.
They're going to have a two-on-two versus mode as well for the mini-games, so that's
kind of cool.
Madden 2008, featuring hot two-on-two action.
So I have some happy news, like none of us didn't see this coming.
The Wii and the DS are outselling their Sony counterparts with a vengeance.
There have been 338,000 units sold in May, which is more than both the 155,000 Xbox 360s
and 82,000 PS3s put together.
Isn't that cool?
Not if you're a Sony fanboy.
You're kind of mad at this right now.
I mean, again, I try to be as impartial as possible, but let me say this news does not
surprise me.
Well, the top-selling game right now is Pokemon Diamond, and it actually was followed by Mario
Party 8 and, dear God, why anyone would want the Spider-Man 3 game, because it wasn't all
that good, and Pokemon Pearl.
And Wii Play was on number five, so isn't that cool?
Not really, because the game kind of blows.
So guess what?
What?
The same thing is happening in Japan, like any of us are surprised.
So dear Sony, bite our asses, not love me.
Someone's a little bitter over Sony right now.
What's up with this?
Why all of a sudden Sony angst?
You weren't swayed by anything you heard about the agency in Part A or-
No.
Okay.
Parappa?
No?
Silent Hill 5?
Parappa!
Ratchet and Clank, Tools of Destruction is going to be awesome.
Well, one thing that apparently is not so awesome is Project Hammer, or Project H-A-M-M-E-R,
if you will.
You might remember that this game was being shown actually at last year's E3 when they
originally debuted the Wii.
In fact, they had it playable on some workstations.
However, some sources are reporting that Project Hammer has been canceled.
IGN was reporting it a little earlier this week.
The team has moved on supposedly to look at some more expanded audience projects, whatever
that is supposed to mean.
Hopefully it's something original no matter what it is, but there it is.
Nintendo, by the way, has not released an official statement, but some folks have kind
of seen this coming for a little while because Project Hammer went into this mysterious T-B-A
status on its website, and it has yet to move from that status.
So there you go.
It was supposed to be a very interesting plot where you had a hammer-wielding cyborg and
you're protecting the U.S. from killer robots.
However, as silly as it might sound, it looked like the game was actually supposed to be
kind of fun.
I watched some people play it at E3, and it definitely didn't look like anything else
on Nintendo's system, so it's kind of weird that they would just kind of up and up cancel
this game, but I guess if it sucked, good for them for pulling the plug on it before
they actually released it and got all the bad press, I guess.
I think you should have had MC Hammer do the voice for Project Hammer, because that would
have been so appropriate.
Yeah, well, you can't touch this game now.
It's been canceled, actually.
Hammer, don't let him hurt you.
Did either of you guys see this at E3 last year when we were all there?
Yeah, I remember Project Hammer.
You remember that?
I think they still had it on the website, on Nintendo's website.
Well, it's just a rumor.
It's not officially canceled, but all signs point to...
I don't know.
I know just working in the retail and distribution side, there's a lot of things that go canceled
for a while and come back.
It's just because they're not working on it right now, kind of shelving it for a while.
Maybe they'll just decide to release it as a downloadable title on Nintendo Live Arcade.
Oh, wait.
They don't have that.
Okay, the game I was talking about earlier was Doki Doki Majo Shimpan, and there's a
perfect example of the things that you poke in the game.
Pompoms?
Yeah, pom-poms.
Anyways.
Interesting.
So...
Thank you, Loki, for bringing down the maturity level of this show to a whole new low.
Appreciate it.
No problem.
Just real quick, some chat comments from chat room.
Rama says, Project Hammer was designed to show how much of a powerhouse the Wii is.
Did you see the graphics on it?
Interesting.
Yeah, it didn't look that bad, considering that the Wii just simply isn't as powerful
as the other systems.
Well, there you go.
Another interesting game coming out to the DS is going to have these two little kind
of cute stylus drum things, I guess, for it, so you're going to be able to beat the screen
like a taiko drum.
Aren't the styluses kind of already drumsticks?
I mean, how...
Yeah, but it's two of them now, so you have two of them that you can drum the screen with.
But your DS actually comes with two styluses.
They give you a spare in there, and yet you still lose these little bastards everywhere.
Maybe if, yeah, maybe if you're like my wife and lost, you know, the stylus, you know.
Whatever, who cares?
You get another, you get two free styluses with it.
That's awesome.
So you can play this game once, because that's what always happens with these type of games,
with the special peripherals and stuff.
Very rare, well, I guess that's not true, because DDR I've played to death, but some
of these other music games I play once and I'm done.
If you're going to be buying this in Japan, have you know the styluses aren't free.
They actually drove the cost of the game up about a thousand more yen, so.
Which is what?
Ten more dollars?
Basically is what that translates to, about ten more dollars for two extra stylus things
that are drumsticks, but not...
You just figure.
Yeah.
I know.
Why can't you just use your fingernails?
Maybe that's not good for a screen.
Or why can't you just use one stylus?
Or why not just play a real drum?
No, just, actually Taiko no Tatachin is kind of fun.
Taiko Drum Master, whatever you want to call it.
I don't know, but it's fun when you actually have the big old drum on it.
But then again, just like Donkey Konga, I played it once and then I was kind of done
with it.
So, whatever.
Well, you know, there is something that a bunch of us have played several times, I'm
sure, if we had any real video game taste, which those of us in this room do.
So wonderfully, it is now Europe's Virtual Console's 100th game, F-Zero X, which is like
freaking rad.
I remember playing a ton of F-Zero X.
You know what's funny?
F-Zero X is the one F-Zero game I didn't play.
What?
I know.
I played the one on the Super Nintendo, definitely the GameCube one, which was so underrated.
F-Zero X was like hotness.
Well, maybe they'll release it here.
Maybe that's a good sign that it's coming here.
I can come to my house and play it on my Nintendo 64.
You're actually going to hook that shit up just so we can play F-Zero X?
If I can find it, I will.
All right, it's a date.
I'll hook it up on my Nintendo 64.
Oh, that's right, I threw mine away in a dumpster.
I still have my Nintendo 64 in a box somewhere.
I can't find my Dreamcast, though.
I have all the accessories for the Dreamcast.
I think I'm missing a box.
I also have a Dreamcast sitting in a box over there that's not being used.
I want to use it as a Nintendo emulator.
Play some Guardian Legend again.
But of course, maybe I don't need to be using my Dreamcast as an emulator much longer.
Not if I get one of these.
You may have read about this, but there is a new Power Pack compact flash system.
This is pretty rad because it looks just like an old-school Nintendo cartridge, but it's
red and it's see-through.
What it is, it's a flash cartridge.
What you can do, you can actually store multiple ROMs on a compact flash card and then actually
put them on this cartridge and play pirated old-school Nintendo games to your heart's
content.
And it will only cost you $135 if you get one of these things.
But that's not bad.
I mean, for some people, that's how much they're going to spend on virtual console games when
you add it all up.
But what I love about this is they actually gave it the very retro look here.
They actually kind of put a little...
It looks like an old-school Nintendo game, if you see a picture of the box.
And even with this little rip-off Nintendo seal of approval there.
Well, it better for $135!
Shit!
Well, I mean, compact flash readers are not exactly cheap pieces of equipment and the
whole thing.
We were joking, myself and my wife were joking, because we saw another one of those iPhone
commercials that they have on TV.
This isn't just the internet for phone.
This isn't scaled down internet.
This is the real internet.
I'm like, it better be the fucking real internet for $600!
And then she's like, you should say that about every feature on it.
I'm like, yeah, it better fucking be for $600!
There's lots of people waiting for their iPhones.
I know this.
Well, shit!
It better be everything that they promise it will be because it's $600!
So apparently the AMA is debating on whether to recognize game addiction as a real addiction.
So yeah, they're going to be debating about it.
And looking at all the facts and sooner or later we will have something for someone to
talk about saying, hey, game addiction's real, see?
It's just like alcoholism.
It's a disease.
How exactly does one go about debating game addiction?
Fucking fine though.
I don't know.
Exploring the possible dangers of excessive video game playing that's over two hours
a day.
Would you like to have a debate?
Oops!
Would you like to have a debate about gaming addiction right now?
Okay, who would like to take the point there is no such thing as gaming addiction?
Would anyone like to take the anti-point, there is no such thing as gaming addiction?
Would anyone like to do that?
Okay, Jamie will take the anti-point, there is no such thing as gaming addiction.
Okay, who would like to take the pro-point, there is such thing as gaming addiction?
Fine.
You will?
Alright, that'll be interesting.
Alright, Loki will take the point that there is a such thing as gaming addiction.
Okay, here we go.
Loki, opening statement.
Korea, World of Warcraft, dead babies.
Alright, that was a very nice opening statement, thank you.
Dark Sakura, rebuttal to the opening statement.
Obsessive compulsive disorder.
Where are you going with this, exactly?
These people don't have addiction to gaming, they're obsessive compulsive.
And gaming just happens to be the object of their disorder.
Loki, rebuttal.
Okay, well still though, that's technically game addiction, they're addicted to games.
I mean, with OCD or whatever, they're not like, you know, drinking tons of alcohol.
They're not, you know, gambling or anything like that.
Gambling is also obsessive compulsive.
True, these are all, okay, well, I can have lung cancer or I can have cancer but it doesn't mean it's necessarily lung cancer or not necessarily, you know, from smoking or something.
Are you saying games give you cancer?
Addiction, I think, requires ingestion of a particular substance that your body eventually becomes dependent upon.
Having a physical thing that you are obsessively compulsive to participate in is not the same as a physical addiction.
It's just that by doing this task over and over again, your brain chemicals are saying, hey, I like this and I want to keep doing this.
As opposed to you actually having a physical addiction to a substance that your body is starting to need to maintain a particular level of normalcy, I guess.
So you're basically saying World of Warcraft is not an injectable substance.
Right.
Rebuttal.
How many weekends have you skipped going out with friends and stuff to play World of Warcraft or Final Fantasy XI?
You're pointing at me and like maybe one.
Because he knows that I haven't done it.
When I was sad and fat.
If you're going to point at me or like, you know.
You're not sad anymore.
You just lost the debate, bitch, you insulted the ref.
Loki is the winner, ladies and gentlemen.
I leave it to the chat room to vote.
Chat room vote.
Remember, our opinions don't matter.
It's the chat room's vote.
Loki, anything else you wish to add, in all seriousness?
No, seriously, you know, gaming addiction as something that needs to be treated or something, that's retarded.
Fucking parents need to step in and just fucking say, stop playing your damn games.
Or if you're older, just have your girlfriend say, stop playing your damn games.
Which is what you have.
I put them on drugs for OCD.
That's how Loki curbed his gaming addiction, is he married a woman that will pull the plug on.
I still play two hours of games a day, if that, more than that.
Okay, then what's my excuse?
I was a massive gamer, married my husband, and now at heart I don't really play that much anymore except for pinball.
He still plays more than I do.
I don't care, he's welcome to as long as he leaves me alone.
Well, there's going to be another kiss with Jack Thompson about this.
Eh, eh, eh, eh, no.
He who shall not be named.
Oh, explicit hasn't been here in a year.
He doesn't know about some of our banning topics.
We do not mention his name in these circles.
That's right, it's actually codenamed Lord Voldemort, is actually what we refer to him as on the show.
So whenever you hear Lord Voldemort, that's JT, okay?
Alright, you got it.
Oh, we got explicit.
It's okay, G4 was banned too, but somebody else brought it up earlier.
Leave it to Loki to bring that up, so there you go.
There you go, GS191 sums it up.
Well, there's your cure.
Marriage cures gaming addiction.
Examples, Loki and Dark Soccer.
No, it doesn't.
I still play.
I was never addicted.
Because there's no such thing as gaming addiction.
I'm not addicted to games.
It's like this, okay?
My wife doesn't like the fact that I talk about games a lot because, well, I work in the games industry,
I play games, I do this show, so I'm talking about work, my outside stuff, what I'm doing,
and unfortunately that all comes back to games because it all has something to do with games, usually.
I talk about movies though, a lot about movies and Transformers.
But still though, it's just, I think people have addictive behavior,
but these people, if games weren't around, they'd be addicted to something else.
So whatever, just fucking be responsible people.
That's what people need to do.
All right.
It's all done.
The debate's over.
Jamie already lost because she made fun of the ref.
Rob, I do that all the time.
It's because I love you.
Yeah, yeah, whatever.
Well, here's the segment I love most of all, and it's the one where we get to hear from our listeners,
and I'm sure we've collected quite a bit of mail over the past two weeks because we had no live show last week.
So we're going to open up the mailbag, and whenever you want to email us,
you can always send an email to mailbag at orangehonestradio.com.
Dark Sakura will dive into the mailbag head first, wearing some latex gloves though,
so she doesn't get anthrax or anything,
and pull out some of her favorite emails to share with us here on the show.
We call it the OLR mailbag.
Dark Sakura, who emailed us this week?
Some people, a bunch of people, and I'm not reading all these fucking emails, so I'll just start here.
This one comes from Ospher.
Hey, it's Ospher again.
I swear I wasn't drunk, Ospher.
Hey, shush.
Since I lack a high-speed connection, I always have to go to a friend's house and wirelessly download your podcast to my PSP.
It's been a few weeks since I last listened to this show, so I downloaded all that I could up to the current podcast.
In an episode a few weeks ago, I found it hilarious that Rob called his mom.
We got to find out some things that we never knew about him, like how he dressed up as Courtney Love and lip synced.
Do we really have to bring that up again?
Good lord, you guys should find a video and upload it to the site if you can.
We are not retelling the story for your benefit explicitly.
Go download the podcast. There's still others.
One week there should be a Parents of OLR show where you all call your parents or bring them on the show.
I'm sure some more interesting things should be revealed about you guys.
Anyway, thanks for reading.
If we got my mom out here, that would be great because I want to get my mom to California.
For me, it was kind of like a one-time joke.
Sequels are never as good as the original.
It was kind of like a one-time joke.
That was the Mother's Day show, by the way, where that happened.
There you have it.
No, but that was good.
My mom did great on the show, considering she had no idea we were calling her live.
She did a great job, so I was very proud of her.
So the next email.
Dun, dun, dun.
If you're ready.
Hey, you noticed that person again, but this is great.
And now I give you ten random questions spurred from my void of boredom.
This is Ocifer again.
I still am not drunk, Ocifer, I swear.
One, freeze.
What are you all doing right now at this moment?
The fucking show?
Yeah, we're doing a radio show.
Actually, Loki is not doing a radio show.
I can clearly see, plain as day, Loki is playing on some Transformers-related website
and not paying attention to the mailbag.
Now, now, this is game-related.
This is the opening cinematic for Transformers the game.
So, huh.
And I'm paying attention.
I just got served.
Two.
Okay, you can move now.
What is the drink that helps you get up and go?
Coffee.
Tea.
Loki stacking Pepsi cans over there.
Honestly, water.
Or coffee.
If I need caffeine, coffee.
Otherwise, I drink a crap load of water.
But tonight, it's Malibu and root beer.
Which isn't as bad of a combination as you might think.
How many questions?
Wait, this is ten random questions you said?
Alright, oh boy, it's only a three-hour show.
Let's keep it moving.
What is the capital of Germany?
Wiener schnitzel.
Four.
What is your favorite song on either BeatMania 2DX or DDR?
No, the Germany question still bugging me.
It was the city that was separated for so long.
Berlin.
Berlin?
Yes, it was Berlin.
I like Berlin, the band.
On the metro.
I like Wiener schnitzel, by the way.
That's it for the questions.
Oh, that's it?
No more questions?
I'm not going to read anymore.
Dear Orange Lounge Radio, there needs to be an Oregon Trail for the DS, dammit.
I'd prefer it be based on Oregon Trail 2 engine, but considering the chances of it coming out,
I'd be happy anyways.
What are other things y'all wish for?
Perhaps even more ActRaiser for Sky, if he insists.
Also, though not related to gaming, there should be a Deadpool movie.
Yes!
Unless they royally screw it up like X-Men 3, then I'd cry forever.
That's Tim Tsurugi.
Sorry, I had to look up on Wikipedia what the capital of Germany was,
because I didn't want to look like a dumb shit anymore than I already do on the entire internet.
It is Berlin, by the way.
If they did a Deadpool movie, they'd have to get the guy that does his voice in the game,
because he was the cryptkeeper.
Sorry, what was our emailer emailing us about?
I was too busy on Wikipedia.
What else would I like to see on DS that was old-school gaming?
Besides the mandatory Guardian legend answer,
no, you know what, I don't want to see retro games on the DS.
I want to see retro games on consoles I can play on my TV, just like the old retro games.
Zero, there's nothing I want to see on DS that's retro.
MDK.
That's pretty old-school.
I think that would be fun, because I like me some MDK.
Did they ever make a sequel to MDK?
Yes, they did, unfortunately.
Insanest is yelling in chat room,
Arcon, Arcon, Arcon, over and over again.
That was a pretty awesome game, I'll give you that.
Or StarCon.
I say nothing.
Nothing.
Let's see.
This one's too long, and I'm just going to end up posting it on the forums anyway.
Okay.
I also got an email from one of the people who emailed me in French.
It says, thank you for replying to my email.
I felt like such a star when you read my letter.
I'm not used to all this.
By the way, you guys are talking about Sony a whole lot.
Thanks for making the effort, and I might have to go and pick up a Pokémon game or two.
You guys seem to really love them.
I have to be honest.
We didn't really change anything in the creation of the show.
It's just that, I guess, the weeks you were listening previous, there just was a lot of Xbox heavy news.
But right now, there's not a lot of, you know, there seems to be actually more Sony and PC news this week.
So, you know, it just depends on the flow of news.
What we cover.
By the way, that was Spamoflauge.
I love that name.
That's a pretty rad name.
And then I'm not going to read any more emails.
Are the emailers being punished?
Alright, I'll read one.
One more. Alright.
From AZHP.
Okay.
Hi guys, I was listening to your podcast on the way to class today,
and I noticed you guys talking about how Mario Party 8 backups don't work on the Wii.
As I am a college student and I back up my games so that I don't have to lug around DVD cases back and forth,
mentioning this so I don't get you guys in trouble for talking piracy.
In fact, I've also contributed to the design of a Wii mod chip for this purpose.
Anyway, I can confirm that Mario Party 8 backups work fine.
As I backed up mine, and I'm playing it as I type this.
Wow, you're talented.
What is likely the case of the misinformation on your last show is that the game does not work on PAL territory systems,
which is a relatively common problem due to the incompatible video issues.
Just wanted to clear that up, and while we're on the topic,
Nintendo has been cracking down on piracy in other ways, if not through software.
If you've gotten by a Wii now,
there's a chance that you'll get a Wii that inside has three pins on its DVD controller chip cut off.
These pins serve absolutely no purpose except to allow hackers like myself a backdoor into the system.
They're always talking about a backdoor.
I don't want to get into too much detail, but cutting the pins makes it extremely difficult to modify the console.
However, it's not going to stop anything other than casual modding
because you can find professional modders anywhere who will still take the job for 20 bucks.
That brings me to my question for you guys.
Is it possible for a company to stop piracy in its tracks?
Fuck no.
That was me, by the way.
Do you think that the funds invested in stopping piracy is greater than the potential loss incurred from allowing it to run rampant?
I'm not asking if the monetary value of the pirated goods is significant.
Obviously, it is.
However, most people who pirate wouldn't buy nearly the same amount of games as they are pirating.
So do you think it's a company's best interest to stop modding,
or do you think it's something that they do in order to appease uneducated shareholders?
That's a good question.
I think it is not in their interest, but I want to hear your two cents.
Sorry for the long email.
Hope you guys enjoyed it.
AZHB.
Okay.
I think that that's part of it, too.
The average boardroom suit and tie person is only going to look at numbers.
They're only going to look at face value good idea because, remember, once you get into upper management, you turn into a moron.
Wow, someone's jaded.
That's all right.
I understand.
I think that some of it is for, you know, face.
Some of it is, I think, they want to discourage the casual pirate.
Like, these people said, oh, I can just clip this on the back of my PlayStation, and I can play whatever, blah, blah, blah.
They want to discourage those people who don't know what the fuck they're doing.
For those of us who know what we're doing, there's not going to be any way that they can stop us if we try hard enough.
If we care enough.
Here's my thing is that, with no disrespect to the emailer, you go to all this trouble to back up games because you don't want to haul DVD cases around.
Am I really supposed to believe that?
I mean, I guess.
I guess it's possible.
It seems to me like that's, it's not that I'm saying like, oh, you're a thief or whatever, I'm just like, that seems like an awful lot of trouble to go to.
Just to not have to carry around DVD cases, which aren't that big a deal.
Better yet, if you're backing up a game, say, onto another DVD to play it on your system, aren't you still carrying around that DVD?
It's just now it's a backed up one instead of the real one?
I don't understand how that's cutting down on DVDs.
Of course, our chat room is chiming in here at chat.orangelaundry.com.
Black Wolf, our old buddy who just turned 100 today, said, we tried to stop them, but they always get by what we do.
It sounds better than, well, we won't do anything because they'll get around it anyway.
I guess that's a good point, kind of going back to the boardroom things going on in there.
NintendoManiac64 says, backing up DS and GBA games is very helpful, though, in regards to bulk and carrying things around and stuff like that.
So, there you go, some chat room feedback.
All right, any other emails?
No, well, there were, but I didn't read them.
All right, fair enough.
If you would like your emails to be judged by DarkSakura, she's judged the rest of the mailbag this week, mailbag at orangelaundry.com.
Back into some gaming news, let's talk about Halo 3, because I'm sure we're not going to be able to get from now until November and not bring up Halo 3 at least once.
This is just a really big game.
There are going to be some limited edition Halo 3 controllers and headsets coming out, and this is going to be coming out from GameStop.
At least GameStop is now listing them.
Everyone's going to have them.
Everyone's going to have them, but GameStop has kind of spilled the beans on it.
This is $59.99 for the wireless controllers, because you're going to pay $10 more because they have pretty pictures on them.
One has the Spartan, one has the Covenant, and then there is also a green headset that's going to be coming out.
I don't see the price for this one.
Oh, it's also $59.99, the wireless headset.
All it really is, it's green, and the button is orange, and it has a teeny little Halo 3 logo on it, which seems like a real waste of money.
Those are all designed by Todd McFarlane, and they also come with figurines.
Yeah, but do they really? This doesn't say anything about this.
They do come with figurines.
Oh, well that makes it a little more worth it. I don't see anything like that in here.
Is that something unsaid?
No, the controllers come with figurines. In fact, they've had a picture of the Halo 3.
I don't know if Master Chief has come in with both of them, but one of them has Master Chief.
Now, of course, even though these are limited edition, you know they're going to be everywhere when the game comes out, and they'll probably be trying to sell them when you buy the game.
You want to get a matching controller or a matching headset with your game? You want the strategy guide?
Because that's what they do. That's how they make their money.
They'll be limited, so, you know.
How limited, though? Come on.
Pretty limited.
You think?
Eh, I think so.
I got a Halo Xbox, and I'm not even that big a Halo fan. I just bought it because that's when I finally decided to buy an Xbox.
And it probably came with a free game, didn't it?
Halo, actually.
Yeah.
Hence the Halo Xbox.
Anyways, I'm not a big fan of Halo, but I am a big fan of this game.
Grand Theft Auto IV is going to be coming. They're getting a new trailer coming out on June 28th.
Yes, once again teasing us with another game trailer.
This trailer is called Looking for That Someone Special, and it's going to be released on June 28th.
So if you're itching to get some more Grand Theft Auto footage, that's when you'll be able to find some.
So, awesome! I cannot wait.
You're really excited about this Grand Theft Auto, huh?
Fuck yeah.
I'll check it out, but I don't get excited about trailers.
You're really that excited over a trailer?
Yes, because it's just like the Transformers movie. I watch every bit of stuff I can on it.
Of course now I'm going to start slowing down because I don't want to spoil anything.
Although I've already spoiled too much.
Fair enough, I suppose.
Well, something that I guess people will care about is that track and field is going to be closer to release on Xbox Live Arcade,
probably in, quote, the next month or two.
Yeah, it's track and field.
Not one of the best old school Konami games that exist, but they've had some pretty good ones lately.
Like, I like Time Pilot, Rush and Attack was kind of fun, but track and field was just like, you just would slam the-
It's making my thumbs hurt, the game.
Yeah, it's like all those old school Mario Party games where you just hit the button over and over and over again.
That's all track and field was.
One auto-fire controller will fix that.
Hell yeah.
That's why we had the turbo button on the turbo graphics. Hi.
I needed to find one of those easy achievement points. Hell yeah.
Well, maybe there'll be something to kind of get around the auto-fire or something.
You'd think they'd put something into place, but we'll see I guess.
Oh, they won't? Come on, these people are lazy when it comes to making these games.
They're just pouring it straight over.
Maybe that'll be a title that comes out. Like, you know how some weeks they've been doing two games a week lately?
Maybe that'll be kind of the B-side for the week, will be track and field.
Anyhow, Halo 2 and Shadowrun, of course, both recently came out in the new games for Windows collection.
That's Vista only, or is it?
Falling Leaf Studios has actually gone to extents to make the games XP compatible.
What the company is saying is that if you buy the games from Amazon through their links,
because you know how Amazon has that referral program where you can get money back or whatever?
Then what they will do, they will send you for free the initial release of this compatibility software that will let you run them on XP.
Here's a quote from the CEO Brian Thomason that says,
First, Microsoft claimed that it was impossible to implement DirectX 10 compatibility atop Windows XP, and now they also want us to believe that they couldn't successfully launch two DirectX 9-based titles on XP either.
We plan to expose both theories as patently false.
But now they haven't really, you know, they haven't showed this to be true yet.
This software doesn't already exist.
Supposedly this is going to come out within a few months.
So we shall see if they can expose that to work.
I would laugh if it was a huge scam.
But is it a scam? I mean, you're still getting the game for the regular price.
It's just that, you know, they got a cut of it from Amazon, so I don't know.
We'll see. Anyways.
Bandit in chat is very adamant here. He says,
It's a fake. He's 19 and is lying. He makes 10% on that shiznit.
That's true. There's really nothing they can do about it.
Somebody complained to Amazon, maybe. I don't know.
Well, I guess our usual plug for GameTap.
But anyways, this is news.
Brand new. They're a free service that they launched, I believe, last month.
They're actually now going to be expanding it, which was currently 30 games, to 40 games now.
So I guess they've got a few more people backing it.
And they've also, I guess, for the regular subscription service, they've added Psychonauts,
King of Fighters 97, Golden Axe the Duel, Art of Fighting 3, and Metal Slug 3.
Dude, Golden Axe the Duel.
I think that's pretty awesome that Psychonauts is on it.
Those are some pretty awesome games they put on there for free.
Dude, I love Golden Axe.
I don't like the first Genesis one. It makes me miss the arcade.
Golden Axe the Duel was actually one of the first Saturn games I ever played.
I keep forgetting games have a Saturn.
When I lived in Alabama, my friend wanted a Saturn so badly he imported it.
It was like the world's biggest Sega fanboy.
So he imported a Saturn.
So the first games I got to play was King of Fighters 95.
I learned the RAM cart switch.
And Golden Axe the Duel and some Gundam game that was okay.
Act deft, and our chat room is getting very excited.
King of Fighters 97 for free.
No, it's for paid accounts.
Oh, only the paid accounts for King of Fighters 97?
Those are your games for the paid accounts.
Although it may cycle through into the free games.
You never know.
There's 40 games to choose from right now for free.
Interesting.
That would suck though if you were getting really attached to a title and then they pulled
the plug on it.
But I guess that's how they make their money.
Dude, it's-
I mean, they're not in business to just give things away.
Exactly.
I guess that's true.
Well, one thing that I think our Second Life friends will enjoy, another thing to keep
you ingrained in unreality is that they are adding voice.
It's actually, from what I understand, it's at Warhead, one of the places in Second Life.
I don't play Second Life, so I have no idea what the hell they're talking about.
Me neither.
You are greeted by dancing and flying sperm and gunfire.
That sounds like Second Life.
This is even better than the flying cocks.
That is something that they should turn into a TV show.
But apparently now that's not happening anymore because they have voice chat.
So people, you can download a special version of the client and in certain places, and one
of the places is Waterhead, you can hang out and just chat with people.
Dude, you know what I can do?
I can pick up my phone and call people and chat with them if I wanted to fucking talk
to people.
I'm online for a reason.
Drewnami in chat says, it's about fucking time Second Life there has had voice for fucking
ever.
Well, there is like a competing type of thing that has had voice chat for a while.
I've heard of there before.
You remember DDR Angel when she's come on this program?
She was really into there.
It was that game she was really into.
So, huh.
Well, there you go.
I did find the Final Fantasy VII thing that they made in Second Life.
It was pretty cool.
I've always wanted to check out Second Life, but I always go back to World of Warcraft
because I have no First Life.
And I was like, oh my god, this sucks, and then deleted it.
I'm afraid that with Second Life, it would be like me and the Sims where no good can
come of this.
Can't you start a little OLR club or something?
I don't want to do that.
I guess there used to be a little all games room, but then somebody stopped paying rent
on it or whatever, so it got imploded.
Because I remember somebody sent us a picture of our little OLR logo somewhere in Second
Life, and I was like, oh, that's kind of neat.
There you have it.
So much for Second Life.
While I was bored during my first life, I was surfing on Dig, and this story was dug,
which I thought was interesting.
It's from the website toold2play.com, and the topic is about, it says, childhood gaming,
what games would you like remade?
And it just basically goes on to say, hey, we remember these games from when we were
older, from the Nintendo Entertainment System to Genesis and 3DO.
Apparently, this author remembers the 3DO.
I do not remember the 3DO.
However, this guy made a list of the top 15 games that he would like to see.
It's by Code Monkey is the guy's name who wrote this.
It's 15 games.
It goes all the way from Red Baron on the PC, Shadow Gate was number two, WWF Wrestling
the arcade game number three, River City Ransom number four, and number five was Maniac Mansion
all the way down through Ikari Warriors, number 15 on the NES, just talking about how he would
like to see these kind of redesigned.
Well, Maniac Mansion has a sequel.
I thought it did, but these games, all these series kind of died a long time ago.
I guess.
And he says he remembers Zelda, but he can't really say Zelda because Zelda's not really
dead.
I'm just kidding, but these series are all kind of dead.
Ross Steel UT in chat says Crystalis.
That's a good pick.
That was a good game.
I also like from this list 11 RC program.
You know I can't get through this segment without saying Guardian Legend.
It's a must.
What other old school game?
How about Star Tropics?
What the hell ever happened to Star Tropics?
I'm surprised I haven't made it to Virtual Console yet.
I'm surprised too, and I'm surprised that the, what was the kid's name in Star Tropics?
There is a perfect character for Smash Brothers at some point.
If I can remember, God, why can't I remember the kid's name?
The only bad thing though about that is going to be the fact that you have to dip that manual
in water.
Was it Mikey?
I think it was Mikey or Mike or something.
Mikey I think was Goonies too.
He had a really generic name.
Mikey was Goonies too, and it was Zeb or Zeke or something that was a bad guy.
There you go.
Anyways, so we talked a little bit about MAME earlier.
Now, one of the boards for, actually the Capcom CPS3 arcade board has slightly been cracked.
They've gotten some of the code to run from the boards, and sooner or later they're going
to have the whole board emulated, and of course, that means that some games that you might
like will be able to be played, such as Jojo's Venture, Street Fighter III, and Red Earth.
I thought you said games I like would be playable.
Well, Street Fighter III is not bad.
It isn't.
It wasn't that bad.
It was no Street Fighter II or, I never really got into Street Fighter III.
Maybe I'm not giving you enough credit, but I didn't care for it.
I had my one moment of glory in Street Fighter III.
Yeah, I had a moment.
Maybe not a moment of glory.
No, I played it a lot, but I had my moment of glory.
Street Fighter III and I went out on a date, but we just didn't get along, and it wouldn't
put out, so I had to say goodbye.
There you have it.
But I guess that's cool.
For all you folks that like to pirate tons and tons of arcade games and play them on
MAME, that's great news for you guys, so congratulations.
Well, here's an interesting thing that's being advertised for GameStop.com, is a Wii Blaster
available June 27th, like pew, pew, pew lasers, I guess, but it's on one of their flyers that
it will be available, like I said, on the 27th.
I guess to go out with...
What game's coming out on Wii that's going to require a gun, maybe?
Well, there's Chicken Shoot.
Oh, yay!
Chicken Shoot!
Hey, I guess you may be able to use it for maybe Resident Evil 4.
Well, later on, back when we get into the fall, Chronicles and Ghost Squad, I don't know.
But why do we need this yet?
Maybe Duck Hunt on Virtual Console.
Duck Hunt!
Or better yet, this is just a piece of useless crap that they're trying to push on you.
Or how about this, better yet, why don't Nintendo do what Nintendo does best and hold out on
the good stuff, so instead of giving us Duck Hunt, why don't you give us Wild Gunman, which
if you've ever played Wild Gunman...
Maybe we'll get Blastress.
There was seriously nothing to Wild Gunman.
It was who can pull the trigger faster when the thing says go.
They made an entire video game and sold this for a lot of money, an entire game out of
who can push the button first was the game.
So you'll probably see that on Virtual Console, and then you'll get such brilliant classics
like Hogan's Alley.
But then, and only then, will Nintendo finally deliver the Duck Hunt.
Well, what this basically does is just allows you to attach your remote and nunchuck to
one device to turn into a shotgun thing.
Although the Wii Blaster is not going to be the only device to come out, actually at the
same time, Joytech is going to be releasing the Wii Sharpshooter, not quite as orange
as the other one, but accomplishes the same thing.
Basically puts your Wii nunchuck kind of in the pistol grip area and then the remote on
top.
To be honest, both of these are completely useless.
It's not the Wii kind of shotgun thing that you saw at E3.
This is something completely different.
It does not enhance your gameplay at all.
Frisbee in Chad reminds us about something related to Wild Gunman.
Frisbee says, a Wild Gunman was good on WarioWare Game Boy Advance.
I totally forgot that it was in that game.
But yeah, there was many references to Wild Gunman in there.
Interesting.
I don't know, is this a peripheral you're interested in getting, Jamie?
I know you like to collect everything related to games.
That's how I thought.
Me too.
Me too.
Maybe if we get a point blank.
Seriously though, there was one- Point blank Wii might sell me on it.
I don't remember what it was called, but there is one peripheral out there that looks
like it might actually be some good.
It was a thing that looked kind of like a pistol and you actually put your remote into
the pistol and the trigger on the pistol would hit the B button.
So that does change it a little bit and then that way the nunchuck's just kind of independent
from that and you just hold that in your other hand.
So that's more of something that you would probably be looking for.
This thing is just attaching the remote and nunchuck together, which will probably allow
you not to play certain games if you were to actually do that.
So it's a waste of money.
It's just like those fucking sports attachments for the Wii Sports stuff.
Have you ever seen the attachments, and I see the surprise all the time, that look like
a tennis racket and a baseball bat?
Exactly what I was talking about.
Boy, does that stuff look crappy.
Seriously, somebody is selling shaped plastic for lots of money.
Yeah, because people are dumb and will buy it.
Yeah, exactly.
I was like, dude, remember the consumer market?
Stupid.
Make stuff stupid people will want.
Maybe having one of these plastic things shaped like a tennis racket will help you win the
first organized Wii tennis tournament that any of us know of.
It's called Wimbledon.
Get it?
Instead of Wimbledon.
Wimbledon.
It's being held June 23rd at Barcade, which is in Brooklyn.
I was just there.
It's pretty awesome.
Barcade is pretty cool.
I should have gone to Barcade.
I knew of that place.
I knew it was in Brooklyn.
I was fucking in Brooklyn just a week ago.
I didn't even think to go to this place.
Oh well.
Here's a quote from the official site for Wimbledon.
Wimbledon is a Wii tennis tournament being held on June 23rd, that's next Saturday,
from noon until 5 p.m. at Barcade in Brooklyn, specifically Williamsburg.
There will be singles and doubles tournaments, prizes and beer, maybe even some strawberries
and cream.
Oh, and cucumber sandwiches.
Okay.
I guess that's a joke about Wimbledon that I don't get.
I don't know.
Okay.
I don't watch tennis on TV or anything, but I like Wii tennis.
It's kind of fun.
Yeah.
I know it's not real tennis, but there you go.
I was just thinking those plastic attachments for the Wii and stuff.
You know people have trouble as it is holding onto the Wiimote.
Can you imagine that with the chunk of plastic flying towards your TV?
Talk about some serious damage right there.
Wow.
Anywho.
So yeah, you want to get scared?
Well, here's your chance.
WifeSwap is looking for gamers to be on their show.
Wait, like the TV show?
Yes, like the TV show.
Wasn't that the one that had my favorite lady ever?
Yes, the God Warrior.
I fucking love her.
She's the best thing ever.
So yeah, so apparently you can possibly, if you're picked, you and another family will
swap wives and have the chance to earn $20,000.
I'm guessing you're going to get someone that hates video games coming to your family
if you're a gamer.
Oh my God, Nellie would be perfect for this program.
Yeah, but we don't have a kid.
They said two parents and at least one child, six or older.
So unless we can adopt someone really quick, I don't think that's going to happen.
Can you imagine if Jamie went on this program?
I want no money.
I want nothing.
I want my God and I want my family.
She's tampering and doubts that it's stuff.
She's not a Christian.
Yes, you could have that in your house, Jamie.
Wouldn't that be exciting?
I'll kill whoever.
I'll kill them to death with a spork.
Rama in chat says, you know, if Dark Sakura had a kid, this would be perfect.
I think Loki would be a good candidate for this show too.
I don't plan on breeding.
Anyways, I thought you were going to have a kid named Error.
No.
If you are interested and you qualify, you know, have a child that's six years or older,
if you're interested, you want to email jodyfriedman at rdfusa.com.
You know, just send her a letter to say hello.
Why don't you send her an email and say, hi, what's up, babe?
Or just go to abc.go.com slash primetime slash wife swap.
I hope one of our listeners gets to do this, that would be far too exciting.
You should borrow a kid.
I wish I could.
Rama says that was actually trading spouses.
The Fox version of the show was the God Warrior lady.
The clip that I played was trading spouses.
Wife Swap is the ABC version of the same fucking show.
Yeah.
Okay.
Kind of like Super Nanny and Nanny 911.
Same fucking show, two different networks.
You should rent a child.
Yeah, you could borrow a child for like two weeks.
I might see if a coworker has one you can borrow.
No.
Besides, I'd get some crazy bitch in my house throwing my shit away.
I don't need anyone to be doing that shit.
Or actually, no, that's right, I would be there.
So I would be able to monitor where she throws shit away.
No more playing games.
Fine, I can do that, you stupid whore.
And you know they're going to get some World of Warcraft addict on the show.
And you get some smart ass kid that obviously it's not your kid or whatever.
Yeah, that's my eight-year-old child.
They're going to get some fucking World of Warcraft addict who's going to start twitching
the minute they're missing a Tuesday night raid.
They're going to start going into, like, and they're going to put him in like an Amish
house and he's going to go, oh, actually no, wait, it's Wife Swap, huh?
They're not going to put him, yeah, he's just going to stay there.
They should get a wife that's more addicted than him.
Yeah, they should get it well or whatever never mind. I guess it's not husband swap
I'm just gonna shut up and let the callers do the
Doing now if you want to be funny if you want to yeah
Please be more funny than I am if you want to give us a call 1-877-GAMEOLR
Let you sleep with the new wife unless she's ugly in which case you wouldn't want to touch that shit
You're horrible
1-877-GAMEOLR let's go to the phones or orange launch radio on Skype. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Luke it's a Nintendo maniac 64. Hello Nintendo. Hi 64. What's on your mind?
Oh right now I just gotta ask one little random question
Do you know of anyone who actually doesn't use Windows XP or Vista other than like Mac and Linux and stuff?
Like who uses something older if you will use any I mean like someone like me who's like a diehard Windows 2k addict
I like fanboy. Yes. I know people who use a
Palm OS
I know people who still are on Windows 98
Because they just don't feel like upgrading because all they use is the internet like my people who are still on Windows 3.11
My my dad uses Windows ME, and I have no idea why but he does I know I'm compare downstairs
It still works with 3.11. That's PC. I'm on right now is 98. How do you out of curiosity? Why do you ask?
Yeah, I was just wondering since I don't know I never like people say like on the internet
how like Vista was fucking like stick with XP. I always commented and saying like
2k woohoo, let's bloat. I had to have my computer replaced because my husband decided he was gonna be nice and upgrade my
computer from
Windows 2000 to
Um XP and my computer upgrading I
Like I said he thought that he was upgrading and it turned out that it completely fucked over my system
I ended up having to have it anyway because I bought a vio now my vio is starting to die
And I'm just so sad about the day that I would have to get a new computer with Vista on it
Well, I have to ask another question. Okay. Well, it was in the first part of maybe was like wait second
I mean when you guys like start talking like it was something like there was a bunch of anime coming to something and then look you
Started going raving about how awesome Akira was. Okay. Well, what's the anime for?
Like is it coming to something Xbox Live Arcade their movies?
Oh Xbox Live Mark video marketplace like well same fucking thing. We the Xbox Live. I don't 360
Yeah, it's actually already there right now. So okay and third off. Okay. I gotta have a mini rant
All right, make it quick distance ball, man. I played it at friend's house
They had cut the custom controls. It's like
Half you can't map the weapon cycle to X or O
what the crap and you can't map it so that you can have turning and
Moving forward and back on the same analog stick since I grew up in Goldeneye and stuff
That was the folk control scene and it's drilled in my head. I gotta do that and
It won't even let me change the individual axes
But what the heck boo in general the games that don't let you change the button configuration or whatever you like no matter what it
Is well, the thing is it did let me change the buttons themselves
Except that it wouldn't let me put weapon cycle on to X or O
That's strange ones all over the place. I haven't played resistance. You guys have played it more than I have
Is there's only one button for weapon cycle and it's I think because?
Well, all the buttons are analog I guess but for whatever reason
I don't know the it's the r2 button is the one you do for weapon cycle you tap it
Then I'll switch to the next one or you hold it down and it'll allow you to switch which one you want
I don't know. I love the it seemed pretty straightforward to me. I just kept it on the default stuff
So I like them actually Oh kind of like we're it'd be like on the a button like the GameCube in 64
Like going after example, where's the next one? Just keep hitting a it's like eventually find whatever weapon you're looking for
I suppose it's similar to like when I go when it well a couple years ago when I would go back and forth between
fantasy star and Final Fantasy 11
They had the camera on completely different
Axises so that like when I went up and down and stuff
He would like totally mess with my head because it was all messed up there
All right. Well Nintendo mini x64
Thanks so much for the call and hope you can get used to the controls in the game the way they are
Yeah, well, I don't the ps3 so that's perfectly fine. Well more incentive for me not to get one
You got it. So never mind then have fun
Three Sony back by
All right, if you would like to give us a call, it's a
Orange lounge radio on skype or one eight seven seven game. Oh LR more phone calls. Hi. You're on orange launch radio. Who's this?
Ravens dolphin. Well, hello Ravens dolphin. What's on your mind my friend? Why do you sound analog?
I hate Skype 2.5. You sound like you're on like an old-fashioned phone
I'm sorry you you kind of sound a little weird too, but whatever. We'll just have to deal what's on your mind
It's the 2.5 thing. I'm sorry. It's all right. At least you're not breaking up or whatever. What's on your mind?
Yeah, it's much clearer, but that sucks. Oh, sorry for going on that little rant Mortal Kombat for we I was so tempted to buy
This the other day, but I didn't what about it. I
Played it and I got to tell you something. It's a good Mortal Kombat game
I was actually surprised that they did the wiimote thing very well
Is it easy to control because that's the thing that holds me back. Oh, yeah. Oh hell yeah, really super easy
It is a little one here. How easy yeah
B you press on the B button and you like move it like a half moon up and down
left and right and you do like the scorpion get over here real easy you get to do and
Fatalities are just super easy. You know what I do with set fatalities. You just hold the button and swing it all around see what happens
Something like that you swing it
I could kind of like you're you have you have your you swing it and then you press the little
Directional pad and it will do a fatality. That's how easy it is
That sounds pretty funny, how do you move the guy around the screen you just use the control pad on the wiimote
Yeah, you just use the little nunchuck and it just moves around
Durr you have the nunchuck. I may say I guess I will check it out at some point
I'm just a little bummed. It doesn't have online play because Nintendo is holding out for whatever reason so
jerks
Can I just rant about the new Skype on?
the new Skype
Yeah, 2.5. It has this really annoying ring thing and it gets in your ear. It's like this is Rob ring this sucks
Yeah, that's just my voice that you're hearing that has nothing to do with Skype back to games back to games one more thing
Yes, one more thing. You got a black DS. I sure did a black DS light
I was so close to getting the pink one, but then I decided that next time I go to New York
Hopefully the engraving machine will be working and I can get an engraved and engraving show up much better on the black DS than
It does on any of the other colors
So I in the end I went for the black DS
What I do want to get though is I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get the little pink case with the sparkling little bling on it
that's what I'm gonna get to have my
princess peach homage
I'm so happy for you. I got a black one too, and I love it
Yes, and I actually hear the black ones are usually bigger
So I hear yeah, all right, but that's just a rumor all right
Anything else you anything else you want to add Raven Sullivan don't download 2.5. It sucks all right
I won't I'll hold out on the current Skype. I have see you later, Raven Sullivan. Bye
If you'd like to give us a call the username is the orange launch radio on Skype or one eight seven seven game. Ol are
Hello you're on orange launch radio, who's this
It sounds like do you like put this on auto dial or something and then when we finally pick up you like jump for
The microphone like oh shit
Don't you I just I just use brute force. I just say you know hammer the line guilty of that. Yeah, that's all right
What's on your mind? It was good to see you this weekend Zaku by the way. Thanks for coming out
Yeah, you missed our trip. You missed our trip to Astor place in the video game store
That's what we did after I know I had to play distorted. You know oh, yeah, just came out then I
Had him out there. It's all good buddy. What's on your mind?
Let me see you already know that
Rock star is basically you know shifting more on to the Microsoft side now that they confirmed exclusive stuff for granted title for
Basically dispelling all this you know any chances of it showing up on the ps3 at all
Yeah, I've heard right and they and they had the Gulf to say that the ps3 version would move consoles
Which is just a load of it's a load of bullshit because if there's nothing beyond the regular game that the ps3 folks could
Okay, you know can can attain then what's the point of actually playing it?
Well actually was it this is granted thought of for
Yeah, rock star confirmed it in there in the shareholders meeting it will move consoles because well
Oh wait, they don't have the episodic content either. Yes there we go
That's exactly and Microsoft paid a good 50 million dollars to keep it on their side
I think I'll just move consoles both for 360 and ps3
How could you how could you move consoles when one side doesn't have anything beyond the gameplay?
That's what that's what that's what I'm trying to get across to you
We have the 360 which has the ability to go beyond the regular game
You know in terms of multiplayer and exclusive content and the ps3 can't even do that yet
So you will you weigh both of them and you see the 360 has more value
Than the than the ps3 for the same price or maybe we should just take this literally and this is gonna reveal a brand new
Console rumble feature, you know, that'll actually rumble the console when the games played, you know, well, that's that
As yet to be seen but the bottom line is this rock stars basically leaning towards the side of you know
It's basically the carrot in the stick the carrot, you know the stick being Microsoft the carrot being the money
So you have to they're looking at the numbers right now, and they're trying to get to you know
What's this about a stick and a carrot? I've seen the 360 is something that you know, they'll make a lot more money than
The ps3 they just you know, I guess that's how the way it goes. I
Guess so, I guess that's the way it goes. I just heard stick and a carrot
Well, yeah, because you know Microsoft being the you know
Microsoft being the the stick and then the carrot being the money. Hey dark Sakura
What do you get when you cross an owl with a bungee cord?
My ass
All right
What?
Sorry, that's a Kung Pao reference. I haven't seen you are a loser. All right. Sorry Zaku. I'm sorry
I couldn't keep everybody on topic. But mm-hmm granted. I just I'm yeah
I don't want to debate the Sony Microsoft thing anymore, you know
You have to look at but you have to look at the writing on the wall
The rock stars basically is gonna start you're just gonna have to start leaning towards one one side over another
Regardless of you know, regardless of what's already been done in the past
It's and by extending the game beyond beyond the disc Zaku
It's just a crazy cycle
The companies are gonna release the game on the console that has the most
Number of machines in the market but the company's console that's gonna have the most number of machines in the market
It's gonna be the one that has the good games on it. So it all comes down to first-party games
It all comes down to the first-party games
Exactly. Rockstar knows that 360 has a bigger install base in the ps3
that it granted that the the 360 had a one-year head start and
You know, they didn't they didn't blow they didn't take it for granted
So yeah, this is good. You know, it's just that they're saying, you know
Rockstar is just bullshitting when they're saying that their version their ps3 version of GTA 4 is actually going to move consoles
We shall see what happens. It's just it it doesn't make sense. All right. Well, thank you very much for the call Zaku
We gotta get some more calls. Mm-hmm. Bye. Bye. All right
Orange launch radio on Skype one eight seven seven game
Olr some comments from chat room GS 191 says shit at the end of the day take to interactive is gonna make a shit ton
Of money anyway, you know to buy their stock before grand theft auto for release
I hope the game tanks just to piss you all off. I don't care of it tanks
I don't give a shit about their stocks. It's gonna be awesome. Hi, you're on orange launch radio. Who's this? Hello. This is dr. Nah
Hi, dr. Nah, what's on your mind?
I just wanted to prove to all the other guys listening that you can actually get a call in if you try hard enough
That's right. You just gotta hammering the line and you can get in. Well, I'm glad I'm glad you got it
You have you called her show before?
No
Never. Well, I just thought this is my second show listening live from Mexico City. Oh, well, welcome
We like the world listeners. That's always fun house house house things going in Mexico City
How's the gaming scene in a place like Mexico City?
well, it's pretty much like Southern California which where I've been a ton of times and
Pretty much. All you have to do is get a lot of games and there's really not that many people playing live
I'd have to play with a bunch of guys from the u.s. So
That's why I'm here
There you go. Well, hey you meet a lot of a lot of folks here like to play with folks around the world
It's good times. What what type of games have you been playing recently? Oh
Sadly not the kind of game that I like. I like role-playing games, but there's not that many more out there
So right now I'm pretty much playing shoot-em-ups. So the shadow runs in my latest failure
You like me must be more excited about eternal Sonata than Halo 3
Very much. So yeah, exactly right. What else did you want to comment on tonight, buddy?
Well, just letting all the other listeners know for life that I just would not trade my spouse on any
on any TV show
Are you actually married I
Married, I have a couple of kids. So it's a pretty interesting gaming scene
Well, I fortunately I don't think you could apply for the show because the whole you know
You're in another country and I think that that brings a whole nother issue into it
But you're saying you wouldn't trade your right wife for anything
No, and
That's already given since
Both my kids are starting into video games and there are only three and five. So what kind of games are you letting the kids play?
Mostly we I got him a we and I have a bunch of games
For kids basically anything rated E. I have Shrek I have
Monster Saint that kind of games, you know, um, there was this guy I ran into at Fry's the other day
And he was looking he was looking at the Wii games and he overheard myself and I think Shane talking to each other
About the different games and he could tell that we kind of you know knew stuff about games
So he actually came up and asked me he's like what would be a good Wii game for me to get for the family
I'm like, well who's playing the Wii you or the kids and he said kind of something for all of us
So I recommended Ella bits and worry aware. Was that a good suggestion? I don't know
I couldn't think because at first I said well Zelda's the best game on the Wii
But I don't know if young kids would really get into that so much. So I said Ella bits and worry aware
Warrior where is good?
Excite truck. Yeah
Yeah
By cities, that's your suggestion right Loki. I don't know what they don't have by city on the Wii
It's our face Godfather
No, Scarfy no trauma center get them started on the path to surgery early
I said trauma centers a really fun game, but I don't think kids
I like I just like watching the patients bleed because I'm no good at it
But you know, it's funny. You said you wouldn't trade your wife for anything. I wouldn't inflict my husband on anyone else
That's nice, there you go. Well, dr. Nard thanks so much for calling in
We appreciate hearing from you and I don't know if they celebrated in Mexico, but Happy Father's Day. Nonetheless
Thank you. That's it. All right
All right. See you later. Take care. Thanks for calling. Bye. Bye. Bye
JV Mon's yelling at me in chat 1 8 7 7 game. Oh LR
We have time for a couple more calls JV Mon's yelling at me in chat saying
awesome in JV, huh
Zelda is so not the best game on the Wii. Zelda was so boring boring ass gameplay and JV Mon says sky
I'm always yelling at you, which is true, but he bought me dinner in New York. So all is forgiven
If you go meet the listeners, they'll buy you things. It's awesome
I don't think they can spend that much money
No, I can't what do I do I look like I'm made of money you make more than I do
I can bear whatever I can barely afford my own plenty. I've debt make your make your work pay for me to go
Sure, I'll do that. I'll do just that. Let's go to the phones and take at least one more call here
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry. Who's this? Hey guys, it's insane. Hello
I'm going insane. Just be thinking about you. What's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing you may all notice that I found a lot like and then when I'm not DMN, okay, so the very output
Jamie took a ps3 and wasn't him to death. It was a horrible funeral
So you have officially retired or killed off DMN and now we have insane us. That's dead. Okay. Yes, I have I
That's your prerogative. You know Madonna wants everybody to call her Esther
You have every right and Prince wanted everybody to call him. I'd symbols
In Prince's a defense
And it was had to do with the fact that his previous label owned the name Prince so use the symbol in terms of protest
Until the contract goes up and could get his thing again. Has this show really come to discussing Prince?
That's a new album
Crocheted assless pants and that's bravery. This is what it sounds like when I cry anyways
Rob you need to explain something to your listeners, okay?
That you're not doing orange on his radio anymore. I'm looking at this press release from CBS right here
And apparently you're the new host of the price is right. I
Freaking wish but unfortunately, I was here. No, no, let me let me let me read let me read this
according to two years of
Auditions tryouts and everything we have selected Rob Roberts as to be the new host of the price is right
His audition tape said it all he showed so much emotion when doing his tapes audition
In fact half of the five-minute tape was him crying because he was so nervous of doing this
we think that this emotion will show will show perfectly or the new host of the price is right and
We will have somebody more feminine than marker duties, I I don't know what to say insanest but
A Plinko just moves me to tears. I'm
Actually calling to raise some beef over the Church of England versus Sony
Sorry, I'm just a little bit of a price is right
bastard religion
Wait, let's get into the music you listen
See
I wanted to turn the price is right into a gay rave. That's why I was not allowed to host it sadly
I thought you just wanted you just wanted the sparkling jackets
Dude rod Roddy was the man don't make fun of rod ready
Anyway, sorry about that. I was actually gonna call the CBS executive. I'm just too fucking tired
But
I am up in arms over the Sony versus Church of England thing and how Sony is taking
whole thing
Initially, they weren't taking it seriously at all. They're saying oh, we're talking to the Church of England and Church of England was like, um, no
No one's talking I think the Church of England's demands are a little bit harsh they want resistance fall man to be
Completely removed from the shelves and for them to completely redesign the level that the Church of Manchester then. Mm-hmm
I don't agree with that
As much as I would love Sony to burn out
I
Would it's kind of a it's a it's a height of man
I understand it's only the business and they're saying oh like the building whatever
Last I checked. I don't think buildings have lightness, right? Yeah, and you know, isn't it kind of common to see famous landmarks in video games
I mean how many games are out there that involve the White House, you know that you know
Like in that alien shooting game was destroy all humans. You could blow up the White House, you know
Or how about all the movies out there that have you know, New York City real story?
Well, but usually though in a lot of those you're getting the permits to shoot at those locations
But I guess not always because sometimes they shoot in Canada and make it look like the u.s
Certain landmarks they do that channel game. It takes place in a fictional future that I
Agreed there the church has somewhat of their panties in a bunch, but you know, it wouldn't pain Sony to go
Look, sorry, we pissed you off our bad, but we're not going to recall the game bill
Sorry that you're offended by this fuck off
What would you like to see happen as a resolution insanest
I would I would just like to see you know
the church of England saying oh
You should donate some money to a gun control education fund because those of you who aren't aware
Where Manchester England is a horrible horrible gun problem. Um, I want to say a month and a half two months ago
A 15 year old kid was killed taken identity. It was a gun crime. The kid got killed execution style. It was
Not something you like reading well then that
That's very unfortunate and that sounds like a very fair resolution as well
You know that Sony donates a little money to charity all as well kiss and make up
Yes
But that's about it on that. Um, I would like to plug the insaneest hour. It's not STFU
It's me making fun of stuff and swearing for an hour and playing music
and there you go Ashley and we should say it here on the show this all kind of went down while I
Was out of town and while the rest of us were on vacation, but STFU finally did
Unfortunately, so we're sad to see it go, but that's all right
It was over things with my employer who as I've been adamant will remain nameless. Yep
So they're so I'm sorry. I'm sorry to see the STFU finally had to but hey, it was a good run
You know, you still had some bigger names on STFU than we have in the five years of Orange Lounge radio
And we're not we're not having anybody on like people think we're gonna have like these big surprise guests on next week
There are no guests next week. Actually, there's nobody come out next week. I
Was actually gonna come next week. I had things come down where the checkbook said no
I know it's it's you know money happens. No, it's okay
I think we're at a point now where we're actually gonna have no guests and that's kind of how we're gonna do it
It's just gonna be the three of us next week
But I'll tell you more about what's gonna happen next week a little later in the show. So well fine
Why don't you just act like you're better than everybody and clamp yourself in your stupid?
Orange Lounge room and do your own radio show for your fifth year anniversary and not share it with anybody else
Oh, wait, you're radio. Yeah, I'll do that actually and you know how else I can assert that I'm better than you insaneist
You're about to hang up on me. Yep. All right. Let's if you want to give us a call Orange Lounge radio on Skype
1877 game olr. We'll do one more call. I'm such a dick
But it's insaneist or DMN or whatever, you know, then the symbol he's have a symbol
There whatever you want to call him. Oh, yeah. No one his name is
a swirly polka dots swirly polka dots Sega swirl is this new name actually Sega swirl
Are we we're not actually getting any more calls. It looks like so maybe maybe that's it
I got a private message from insaneist. Oh, I got a heart. I got a less than three. Yay
Alright, well then I guess that's it since no more calls are coming in. We'll go ahead and close up the skype line
We had a lot of calls tonight. Anyway, I just thought I saw some other numbers popping up, but they must have stopped trying
So that's about it. We're gonna wrap things up
Let's go around and first ask if there's any last-minute stories anything last-minute that wants to be brought up tonight
Loki usually have something. Yes, I do
Anyways, so there's some interesting news coming out Diablo is getting the movie
Apparently
Legendary pictures their website is listing Diablo movie as in development as
As well as a clash of the Titans remake. Oh lord
And they will they have the really bad dubbing like the world warcraft film. So, uh
Excellent
Let's see what else then again legendary pictures did the new Batman didn't they?
Yeah, it's like a pretty fucking rad movie. So I you know, this may not be the end of the world
Well with the halo 3 beta ending something else had to take its place, right?
well going outside halo 3's viral marketing campaign has taken its place and
Hello or move over I love bees and welcome
Adjundant reflex and it's apparently this weird viral marketing campaign that they have going on clean people
you know staying in the street with signs and
Websites with calendars and whatnot. So if you want more info on that
See, why are they standing in the street with signs the people that are waiting for halo 3 are playing Gears of War while they're waiting
Well, they're not outside. This is part of the viral marketing campaign. So yeah
Ace combat 6 is getting a limited edition
Flightsick bundle that's gonna be coming out their team Bandai and Hori are teaming up to release
It's gonna have this really elaborate flight stick, which I'm unaware of works for any other game other than Ace combat 6. So
I might be looking at a what was it? Another mecha not mecha saw them
Jamie help me here
stupid game with a very large
control stick
Mecha, oh
So but yeah, yeah, thank you. Thank you
And then this rumor just won't die
apparently Matt Casamani from
IGN posted a while back about halo on the DS. Well, apparently in their latest podcast
They said it's a real game. We're gonna lay down some ownage next week or soon afterwards showing you guys that it's a real game. So
IGN will probably have info about halo DS
Soon what the hell?
And I thoughts exactly
Yeah, that's all I have is cares. I
I
Mean like they're they're like, I don't know to me the way you read that and I don't know if that's the way you poster
If you bell short, but it sounds like they're like kind of just like they're like
We've got a big cock cuz we knew that halo was really on the DS and we're gonna prove it
I mean who cares if the game never came out. I
Mean why I'm supposed to look at like oh look how this game was almost like completely bad
Well, in other news, there's a video of Diablo for the Game Boy online. So I heard about that, you know, whatever all
right
Dar sucker you have anything last minute?
I'm sorry, is this show not living up to your expectations tonight?
I had a headache most of the show is this just oh, I'm sorry to hear that
Because your body screamed in my ear both of you take two of these on neupron little you know different
I needed the Wayne's World reference version
Because the other one was little yellow different better was the real commercial anyhow
And what happened to new print now? I think I was reading up on it on Wikipedia once
I think they got bought by somebody else, but I don't care anymore. I don't care enough
Anyhow, let's talk about next week since we're at the end of the show
I'm next week is our fifth anniversary show and for the fifth anniversary show
It's just going to be Loki dark soccer and myself. We're not gonna have any special guests this week
We're gonna kind of celebrate our fifth year anniversary by doing nothing because it's what we do best
beer
There might be a little bit of liquid celebration
But no actually the other thing we're gonna do is that you know
We were actually bouncing some ideas around we were gonna use some of our ties to try and get some big names on the show
But we figure now why not? Well, we'll save that for later on down the line and through the summer and stuff. So
what we're gonna do next week is that for part a we're gonna do our normal gaming show and do the
The
Usual gaming news and everything that we usually do but part B
What we're gonna do next week is we're gonna open up the skype line for all of part B because orange lounge radio
You know when we started we were all about interaction remember kind of like the way we always talked about our show
Is that if we'll remember like when we used to go play DDR?
We would go to Brookfield's after and sit around and talk shit and talk about games and such games cool that
Orange lounge radio is but on the radio
So for part B, we're gonna get out the dinner table. Like we're at Denny's or whatever diner
We'll just order some pizza pizza and we're gonna open up the skype line and we're gonna have you guys call in and just talk
Shit with us for a few hours about games and everything. And if you guys want to pass on your congratulations, that's cool, too
Whatever you want to do for, you know, it's gonna be your man. I remember the first show though
I know some good times. I was in this chair
Uh-huh passed out with a migraine and the second show man, that was when I was sleeping in the Harry Potter room
And patrese is in chat and says yay. We can hear the same three people for an hour
Well, we're hoping that that won't happen
We're actually kind of hoping that maybe some folks might drive drop in on the skype line that you wouldn't expect
So who knows we're hoping to get some callers. We may not usually get on the program. That's
What we're looking at for next week to get this guy from the sky. That'd be funny possibly
I mean who knows who's gonna call in next week, so
We'll see
We're gonna put the call out there
But we do want our listeners to get in on it too because even those folks that have
Even the same three people that always call in definitely make this show a part of what it is
So if you've never listened live before and you want to get in next week is an excellent chance to do that again
We tape live at six o'clock Pacific Standard Time on our life 365 station more information can be found at orange lounge
Radio calm I do I do know that next week's discussion will be quite interesting after all we are getting close to e3
Are you saying that even though you got slapped on the wrist about something a while ago?
Possibly next week. You're gonna spill some big-ass beans. I don't know. Maybe maybe thinking about it
It's cross my mind across your mind. Stay tuned. That could be fun. All right
anyhow
We're gonna wrap it up for this week. Thank you guys so much for tuning in to and listening to orange lounge radio
Let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts
Explicit sorry, we didn't have like a fourth mic or something to get in on the action more often
well, we appreciate you being here as always it's all good and
Again, keep it up with the Wii cosplay and whatever
Creative cosplays you come up with
It'll show up an anime Expo and sack anime as well. Awesome. When is sack anime? It's July 13th through 15th
We want to make an appearance somehow. So I'm gonna be there. Yeah, I want to be staff there now
Can we do a panel or something? Yeah, get us panel. I'll see what I can do
I'll tell you to um, I'll talk to the management and tell me no internet celebrities
I'll put it up about I think don't lie. They trust me, but they trust me a lot now. So, all right, sounds good
Exactly you want to ruin your rep real fast
I'm a good rep. I'm a good rep with this is really really disgusting. All right, I know
uh
Loki your final thought it smells bad. Stay tuned for the afterbirth
That's my final thought if you're listening live. Otherwise, you're seeing live dark soccer
I feel really stupid because I deleted almost everything out of my FTP including in the banner for my live journals
I have to go home and re-upload it
It's like the via was dying. So in three days I get in my
Computer that was given to me by vandalism is going to be up and running and I need to think of a clever name for
it
um, my final thought is
Now I want ice cream I didn't want ice cream a couple hours ago, but now I have chocolate mint pudding at home
Mmm, sounds good
Alright, thank you guys very much for tuning in to Orange Lounge Radio and supporting independent radio as you always have
We'll be back next week with our fifth year anniversary and it's gonna be all about you guys. We'll see you then
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com. See you next week!
