Orange Lounge Radio
With your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Roko
Tonight, June 17th, 2007, SoulCalibur preps its fourth game for the Playstation 3 and 360
Sony builds itself a blog, and has Project Hammer gotten some nails in its coffin?
Orange Lounge Radio
Ripping it off and beating you with it, maybe?
It happened in Shaun of the Dead, except they ripped off his legs and then went after zombies with him.
That was the best scene in the movie.
Who hasn't seen Shaun of the Dead yet?
Go see hot fuzz, everybody, by the way.
Here goes the chatroom going, me, me, me.
Also joining us, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Have you seen Shaun of the Dead, Loki?
Um, twice.
It's good times. I have to admit when DarkSakura, you know, because she does movie nights once in a while at her place,
and I admit when she first was like, let's watch Shaun of the Dead, I was like, oh god, alright, fine, we'll watch a movie.
It's only two hours. It was actually really good.
I don't know if you were there a couple years ago, but we did Shaun of the Dead and then we watched the new Dawn of the Dead.
Actually, I think it was in the reverse. We watched the new Dawn of the Dead and then Shaun of the Dead.
I wasn't there because I never saw the new Dawn of the Dead.
The new Dawn of the Dead sucked. Shaun of the Dead was awesome, though, and hot fuzz is better.
I still haven't seen hot fuzz.
Hot fuzz is great. I've seen it twice now.
I've seen it twice.
Well, give me one of yours.
I went to see it with Ranma.
I seriously can't remember the last.
That's right.
When we left, you guys went to movie transformers early.
Do you?
Before it comes out.
Lucky you. How do you explain that?
Through work stuff?
Yeah, through work.
Oh, very nice.
A few days.
I can't wait.
Are we a movie podcast?
Hey, they're making a game based on it, and it's going to be fucking awesome.
And they should make a game out of Shaun of the Dead, shouldn't they?
They should.
Absolutely.
Hot fuzz would be funny, too.
A romantic comedy was Zombies of the Game.
One of these days, I seriously think the last movie I saw in the theater was Notes on a Scandal, which they should not make into a video game.
I don't think that would be a very interesting video game.
Scandal.
You can control Judi Dench as she creates lesbian scandal.
It would be wonderful.
All right, anyhow.
You take notes on it.
You write with your wiimote.
You just write your notes.
Scandal, scandal, scandal, scandal.
All right, anyhow.
Happy Father's Day, also, to any dads that are listening to our program, as it is Father's Day today.
I know we have some daddy gamers, so congrats to all of you folks.
I hope you're having a great day.
So, just wanted to get that out there.
Let's get into the show and talk about our gaming weeks.
Start off, Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
Well, I've been spending the whole week looking for my copy of Elite Beat Agents, because Dan wants to play it,
and playing some World of Warcraft, like hardly any, because I still want Burning Crusade so I can play a hot little elf.
Very cool.
You still haven't gotten Burning Crusade?
What money do I have, Rob?
I don't know.
You certainly don't get paid for this, so I don't know.
Yeah, I don't have much money, so no.
Oh, sorry to hear it.
Unless someone in the chat room wants to buy it for me.
Sell a pinball machine.
They're not mine.
Oh, okay.
They're the spouses.
I see.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
Full of stuff.
Actually, I played, I tried to catch up on demos on Xbox Live, so I tried Overlord, and that was pretty fun.
I guess people keep comparing it to Fable, although I've never played Fable.
Surprising.
I'm going to play Fable 2, though, but haven't played the original Fable, so I guess it's similar to that, but it's kind of fun.
You get to control little gremlin things.
I just want to verify, because I haven't been reading up too much on Fable 2, you will still able to be a bisexual evil warlord, correct?
Yes, and you can get pregnant.
If I'm a male, that might be difficult.
Yeah, that might be difficult.
All right.
Yeah, but...
So...
That would be a real Fable right there.
Yeah.
There once was a pregnant man.
They definitely do not, like, I don't know, they blatantly ripped off gremlins.
I mean, these creatures are so gremlin-like, they are gremlins.
Do they sing?
Yes, they do, and actually...
That's great.
And they can attack sheep, and that's what you have them do a lot, is attack things, and that's kind of cool.
And it's sort of like Fable, where you can be good and evil, except you have the choice of being evil or eviler.
I want to be uber evil.
So it's actually pretty cool.
The other game I played was Monster Madness, and now this game I was kind of looking forward to check out,
because it reminded me of Zombies Ate My Neighbors, and who doesn't like Zombies Ate My Neighbors?
This game is no Zombies Ate My Neighbors, and it's awful.
The controls in it, awful, and it's way too damn hard, so I don't recommend it at all.
The other games I played, Mad Tracks, I actually tried that out a little bit, and that was pretty fun.
I played through a few levels of that, although there really isn't too much to the game.
You can probably beat it pretty quick, so they're kind of trying to sell those additional add-ons for it.
I don't know, not my thing.
Didn't play Pac-Man Championship Edition.
I looked at it, downloaded the demo, so I haven't played it yet.
But it's Pac-Man.
Oh, I'm sorry, it's a sequel to Pac-Man.
I have more to say on this, but I'll wait my turn.
Yeah, Dan downloaded that.
I was like, okay, what the hell?
He was like, I came home, and all I was doing was freaking screaming at the ghosts.
Doesn't he do that all the time?
He was really screaming at me.
He was calling them bastards.
I was like, dude, you sound like me talking to my computer.
And then, I downloaded the Project Silphie demo today, but I forgot to play that.
I finished Super Paper Mario.
Congrats.
Yeah, the end is like, you saw it coming throughout the entire game, and it's just like, once
you finish it, you're rewarded with, hey, guess what?
Don't you fucking spoil it.
No, I'm not going to spoil it.
I'm just saying, once you finish the game, you're rewarded with, hey, you get to go back
to this one level and fight a hundred people, and it'll take another couple hours.
Fuck you.
I mean, it's awful.
That's what the whole game is, is full of this like, fight a hundred people, do that
for two hours.
So, are you saying at the end of the game, you get told, we're sorry, Mario, but our
princess is in another castle?
No, it's more like...
We're sorry, Mario, but your game sucks.
It's more like, thank you for playing through the game, no replay value whatsoever, sell
it back to GameStop.
Thank you very much.
So, that's pretty much what I'm going to have to do.
I did download Zelda 2.
I don't know why, but I've actually been playing this game.
You can lend it to me before you sell it back.
You can borrow my copy.
I'm not playing it.
If you really want to play it, I'll lend you mine.
It's a great game.
It's just, you know, after you've played through all of it, it's just kind of, eh.
There's a bunch of side quests you can do that have no reward whatsoever.
What?
Zelda 2?
No, not Zelda 2.
I'm talking about Super Mario.
No, Zelda 2 is awesome.
I was like, Zelda 2 is fucking rad.
I don't know why people diss it.
It's like one of the worst in the series.
It's great.
It's really fucking weird.
Go play Wand of Gamelon if you want to see the worst ones in the series, okay?
It doesn't feel like Zelda at all.
It's just very strange, and I remember playing through it and it being very hard.
It still is kind of hard, but I don't know, I can understand it more.
Why did the name of everything really strange names is beyond me?
I am Error.
Yeah, I remember that.
I went in and I'm like, oh, there's that.
I think that was actually supposed to have been something else, and it programmed in
wrong, if I remember right.
Really?
With the translation.
Huh.
I want that on a shirt.
I am Error.
There's got to be a shirt somewhere.
I'm sure there is.
You can just have one made, you know.
Maybe his name is just Error.
I mean...
I'm going to name my firstborn Error.
I mean, fucking look at that.
That would be a horrible thing for parents to do to name their baby Error.
With the middle name Oops.
Error Oops Summers.
Love it.
Then finally, the last game I've been playing, and this is weird because I've actually played
this game more than I played Guitar Hero, but it uses the Guitar Hero controller for
the 360, and it's a game for the PC called Fret Nice.
The best way to describe it is it's like playing Loco Roco with a guitar, and it actually works
pretty well.
They've got some really interesting level designs and stuff.
The only bad thing about it is it's only three levels long, but it's a lot of fun, so I recommend
downloading that.
I may post a link to it in my blog on all games so that you can actually find it, because
it's on some foreign website or something, but it's cool, and it's free, so I highly
recommend doing that.
I don't know.
I don't play the Guitar Hero.
It's weird.
We did this thing on Friday last week that it was basically the sales team building thing,
and we had to perform songs on stage, and they have video of it, but anyways, they had
like one person had the Air Guitar, so I had to do the Air Guitar part of it because I
didn't want to sing.
You know how my issues are with singing, so I did that, and everyone was like, oh, you're
so good at that.
Maybe it's because you play Guitar Hero all the time.
I'm like, I don't play Guitar Hero.
I bought the game.
I don't play it.
Everyone just has this weird, I don't know.
Because I own the game, they figure that I play it a lot or something, or because I'm
a gamer, oh, I must have played Guitar Hero a lot, or because you were on the internet
radio program about music video games.
Therefore you can pass every catastrophic in DDR in the group.
Back in the day, I wasn't so fat.
That's what it boils down to, because I played more DDR.
Exactly.
Then you get married, and you don't have DDR time, and it all goes downhill from there.
Anything else about your gaming week you want to share?
Oh yeah, I played more Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories.
Congratulations.
I got my last copy of Saints Row, and so we're going to be landing those five systems together
very soon.
Very cool.
Just in time for the sequel, maybe?
Saints Row 2, that's not coming down for a while, but hopefully in time for Grand Theft
Auto 4.
Actually, we know it's going to be in time for Grand Theft Auto 4, that's why we're building
it.
All right.
Let's see, my gaming week.
I also played Pac-Man Championship Edition.
I was gone, obviously, for two weeks.
I went to New York City, and actually I want to start off by giving a big shout out to
those folks that actually came and met up with me on Sunday.
About the time we would have usually done Orange on the Radio, I was hanging out with
some of our listeners in New York City, and that was a great time.
We actually went to Dave & Buster's in Times Square, and just kind of messed around there
a little for a little while, and played this game called Jumpin' Jackpot, which is hilarious.
They have one of these at Roseville Golf Land, actually it's the virtual jump rope with the
lights going around, and it plays this really super gay rave music while you're jumping.
But it's hard, and it's crack.
You keep putting money in over and over.
And we played some DDR, they had Superdome, we were playing a bunch of stuff, and it was
a good time.
What are you laughing at?
Did somebody link that in chat room?
Chat.orangelandradio.com if you want to join the chat room.
What is this?
This is VG Cats?
No, Digital Unrest is what this is.
Sounds kind of like VG Cats, though.
Link that in chat.
Someone already did.
Oh, okay.
Very nice.
Oh, because they actually had a baby.
Very nice.
Yeah.
All right.
For those of you guys listening to us on the podcast, there's just more incentive to
listen live.
Digital Unrest comic.
Just search for the Error comic.
It's great.
Anyhow, damn it, you interrupted my story, woman.
Yes!
Dave and Busters.
You know, I have enough tickets to buy an Xbox 360 game, but I'm just not interested
in anything that they have there.
Anyhow, so big thanks to all the listeners who showed up.
Also went, Ranma took me to this video game shop, or I think he was the one that led the
way.
I mean, all of us kind of went there.
All of us that were still together at this time.
We went to this video game shop near Astor Place, where the big cube is, and they had
like tons of stuff.
Like I sent you the picture of the Hello Kitty Dreamcast and all these import stuff, but
they were selling old school NES games, and my friend has an old school Nintendo.
The date Wednesday we set aside just to recuperate from Jetlag, I actually played through an
original Metroid cartridge all the way from start to finish.
It was so awesome.
I love Metroid.
I forgot how much I missed that game, but I actually bought her a copy of the Guardian
Legend from this store that we found.
Yeah, I got to push your propaganda on everybody.
$15 to buy that game.
They still don't.
That's not bad.
Yeah, I know.
They're charging a lot for the old NES games now.
It's like they've gone up in value.
So it's very interesting.
Was it in the box?
No.
It was just the cart and the black slate.
When I bought mine, I paid $10, and I got it in the box.
But I got her an original cartridge of Guardian Legends.
That made me happy.
Completely unopened.
That's nice.
Yeah, my Guardian Legend.
I opened it to play it, of course.
There you go.
So yeah, I got her a copy of Guardian Legend.
I should have just took it home with me, but I don't have an old school Nintendo here.
I'm holding out hope they will put it on Virtual Console eventually.
Rob!
What?
Who do you know in this room who has five Nintendos?
Are you going to give me one?
Probably.
I could.
Sweet!
Let me talk to Dan.
Then maybe I'm going to send Amanda back to that store and give me more games.
Just buy a Generation Next.
Oh yeah, we'll talk about that later in the show.
There's this other thing coming out I'll talk about later.
Well, no.
It's already out.
Well, isn't it on the show roll?
No.
It's not something else.
This is the thing we saw at E3 a few years back.
Oh, that thing!
The $20 console thing.
Sixty.
Sixty?
Sixty bucks.
I thought they were only charging people $20.
Was that just at the show?
That was at the show.
No, I see.
You should have bought it at the show.
What the hell?
Oh well.
Anyhow, so yeah, obviously there was some 8-bit gaming goodness.
Dave and Busters.
I finally caved and I got a DS Lite, which, by the way, I saw this story floating around
blogs this week talking about how Nintendo World has these custom DS Lites that you can
buy in all these different colors.
They wanted $280 for those, and the picture that's floating around doesn't show you all
the colors that they have.
I don't know if they added some or what because I distinctly remember there was a green one
because that's the one I wanted to get, and you don't see that one in the pictures that
made it around all the different game blogs.
Check DJ Rama's picture site, which I'm sure he'll link in chat right now.
I think it's djramas.net, and check out his New York City pictures.
He actually took a picture of the case with all the colors and some of the newer ones
that were in there.
It was between that and the fuchsia hot pink one.
I don't remember what the fucking website is, but there is a website out there that
you can buy, custom colored anything, consoles, portable systems.
Two hundred and eighty bucks they wanted for that.
Well, you can buy it cheaper than that.
They sell iPods there, they sell PSPs, DS Lites, everything, and you can get them in
custom colors.
I'm not sure about DS Lites, but I know they sold the original DS on the site.
People just forget that you can do that or just paint it.
I don't know.
You can just get a part and paint the damn thing.
They also do engraving there, and I almost bought my new DS Lite at the Nintendo World
Store to get it engraved, because they'll engrave your DS for only twenty bucks, and
there's all these patterns you can choose from, and I thought that was pretty awesome,
but their engraving machine was broken, so I didn't get to do it.
Sucks to that.
Their engraving machine said I am error.
When I got to Pennsylvania, I was like, well, sales tax is lower here than it is in California.
I was so bored in Pennsylvania, I have to be honest.
No offense to those of you folks that live in the Allentown area where I was at for a
few days, but Lehigh Valley, all that stuff, I was really bored.
So I bought a DS Lite, and I bought Puzzle Quest.
Oh my God, that game is amazing.
It is so addicting.
It's simple, it's just bejeweled, but the whole fact that they threw this competitive
element into it, where you're taking turns, you really have to think about the game a
whole new way.
You can't just go, oh, I'm going to line this up, I'm going to line this up, I'm going to
make a chain, make a chain.
Because you have to line things up, and you don't want your opponent, who's going to go
after you, to be able to line up the skulls.
Because basically, to explain the game real fast, there's a story that all goes with it.
You can cast spells, which are like special moves on the board, but to do that requires
mana.
And so the stones on the board are red, yellow, blue, and green.
And then you also have gold coins, purple experience stars, and skulls.
When you line up the coins, you get gold.
When you line up the experience stars, you get experience, so you can level up.
When you line up the skulls, your opponent takes damage.
So it sounds kind of complicated, but if you play Bejeweled, you can pick this game up.
And just the fact that they kind of threw that whole twist into it really was innovative.
It made the game a lot of fun.
So I totally love Puzzle Quest, and I hope they come out with it on Xbox Live Arcade.
I hope those rumors are true.
Also I picked up Planet Puzzle League, but I haven't played enough of that just yet to
really play, to give it a fair response.
But I played it once, and I know it's very similar, of course, to Pokemon Puzzle League,
but with some new stuff.
You totally reminded me of the other game I was playing.
What's that?
Pokemans!
Oh, Pearl and Diamond?
Or what do you have, Diamond?
I have Pearl.
Oh, Pearl?
Because I'm being not like everybody else.
I have Pearl, too.
Bah!
You're being like me.
Bah!
Yourself.
No, I'm being different.
All right, that's fine.
Are you having fun with your Pokemans?
At the gym, yes.
Right, cool.
I've learned the fine art of playing Pokemans on the elliptical.
That's a good idea.
It's very hard.
I've been playing Pokemans a lot of times.
Let's see, then also I played Pac-Man Championship Edition, which I thought was great, but the
only thing that made me mad about it is that the original Pac-Man that came out a few months
ago for five bucks, totally worthless now, unless you really want the authentic arcade
experience.
Pac-Man CE is really, like, really, ultimately, the two of them should have been released
together for ten bucks, and that would have been the most fair deal, I think.
If you want the authentic Pac-Man arcade experience, go buy Pac-Man arcade machine.
They're probably cheap now.
Not really.
Really?
Are they, like, hot collector's items?
You can find them at, um, well, in the Sacramento, Roseville area.
You can find them at DiDio's.
There's a guy that sells arcade machines.
But hundreds or thousands of dollars for an arcade machine, or five bucks on Xbox Live
for pretty much the next best thing.
I don't know.
Hard to tell.
I want to see Xbox Live arcades in an arcade.
Well, anyway, Pac-Man, I liked Pac-Man Ship, or Pac-Man Championship Edition a lot.
I think the game is set up great.
Really, it's weird, because you eat the dots, and when all the dots are gone on one half
of the screen, a fruit shows up on the other side of the screen, and when you eat the fruit,
more dots appear.
So you're kind of, like, ping-ponging to both sides of the screen.
It's really trippy, and it's got a pretty interesting rave-y soundtrack.
What is up with Namco and the rave-y soundtrack games?
Namco made that flaming finger game at Dave & Buster's.
They made the jump and jackpot game.
Namco is, like, there's rave whores that work, like, they're all on ecstasy over there or
something.
So, whatever.
Now, Pac-Man Championship Edition, and also I played Prince of Persia Classic.
The game looks beautiful.
I mean, the way they redid the graphics, that's the best rehash of the graphics of any game
on Xbox Live Arcade, but I didn't end up buying the whole game, because I've played Prince
of Persia Classic just so many times, I really wasn't interested in playing through it again.
The game can get so frustrating at some points, but it's definitely worth checking out the
demo, and if you've never played the Classic game before, it's probably worth a look for
a chance.
If I remember Prince of Persia, I remember it was fucking hard, and I got frustrated
with it really quickly.
Checking out the chat room, www.orangelandsradio.com, click on chat, or you can go directly to chat.orangelandsradio.com,
we tape live on Sunday nights.
Let's see, BlackDevilerX agrees with Loki's, I want to see Xbox Live Arcade in an arcade.
I think it'd be cool, they should.
TheRobD says, I hate flaming finger, and Jvmon says, flaming finger told Skye to get his
flame on.
That's right, you know the game said, when you start the game, have you played flaming
finger, Dave & Buster's?
I watched you play it.
I didn't even shake you.
You're playing footsie with my hand.
Whenever you put your money in the game, whatever it says, get your flame on, which is really
funny, because I'm gay, and you know, they say flaming or whatever.
Anyway, let's see, looking at what else is going on in chat room, Gerardimo says, Pokemon
Puzzle League sucked because it had no Yoshi, making a reference to the old school Tetris
Attack.
GS68 points out there's a Ms. Pac-Man machine at Miggle, Milpitas Golf Land, a very infamous
arcade here in California.
BlackBoy says, I think I need the Fuchsia DS Lite.
So, that's almost a flaming DS Lite right there.
Alright, well, that sounds like it's about it for our gaming weeks, so let's get into
some housekeeping real, real quick, and then we're going to get into tonight's gaming news.
Not a whole lot of housekeeping.
Next week is our fifth anniversary show, and I know, crazy, huh?
We're going to keep exactly what we're doing somewhat under wraps until the show comes
next week, basically because we still haven't figured it out completely, but all we can
say is that it'll definitely be very us, no matter what we end up doing.
It's definitely going to be very us.
Alright, also, we wanted to say a happy 100th episode to Bobby, because he had his 100th
episode tonight, so congrats to Bobby Blackwolf, our friend over at AllGames.com.
Speaking of AllGames.com, you can always hear the rebroadcast of our program over there.
Monday nights at 5.30 Pacific Standard Time, they replay our show.
It's A and B back to back, so sometimes you have to wait for part B on the podcast or
audio blog feed for a little while.
They replay it over there Monday nights and Tuesday mornings at 9 a.m. Pacific Standard
Time.
Let's get into some gaming news.
We obviously missed a week last week, so, Loki, tell us about what we missed.
Uh, well, some stuff.
I guess the Halo 3 beta ended, so everybody's sad because they have to wait for the Halo
3 actual game to come out, but, you know, hey, whatever.
They got a good turnout.
Apparently, Bungie was saying that they've clocked so many hours of Halo 3 that they
could have, if they were to create, I guess, one-on-one games using the same amount of
time in that beta, they would have 700 years worth of gameplay, so...
Go analysts!
Anyways, other rumors, I played it twice.
I played it once, I beat you.
So Parappa 3 rumored to be coming to the PS3, and this, of course, is coming from EGM.
No other information on that other than it's rumored.
I think that's kind of saying, like, duh.
Prince of Persia, the movie, it's going to be coming out July 10th, 2009.
Everybody's excited because it's going to be very Pirates of the Caribbean-like, so
hurrah.
Another updated, or upgraded graphic version of Metal Gear Solid 4's Tokyo Game Show
trailer has made it online with a little interesting bit that's missing towards the end.
Some people will notice that the PlayStation 3 logo is missing at the very end of the trailer.
Here we go again.
It's coming to the 360!
I swear to God, this game is coming to the 360!
This game is coming to the 360!
Why aren't you people listening to me?
Oh my God.
People are going crazy.
Anyways, shut up!
When they're ready to announce it on the 360, they will announce it, and yes, they probably
will, but keep your pants on in the meantime, God.
And next being announced, coming to film ultra-generic video game movie 4, in other words, City of
Heroes is going to be adapted to film and TV, because I don't know, it's just a parody
of all the other superhero things out there.
Sure, generic superhero movie, that'd be awesome.
Then Myst is coming to the DS, hurrah.
Lego MMO coming in 2008, that's awesome.
Tomb Raider anniversary edition, because you know, Tomb Raider is so fucking awesome, woohoo.
It's actually coming to the 360, possibly as download content, this is coming from ratings,
found on the ESRB's website, and people are thinking that's going to be download content,
possibly for Tomb Raider Legends, don't care.
And Pac-Man Championship Edition was released for the 360, and I guess it's the first actual
sequel to Pac-Man, although I do remember there's like Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man, Junior
Pac-Man, Pac-Man, Pac-Mania, Pac-Man Jr. though was admittedly harder because it had the scrolling
screen.
And it just kind of sucked, generally, it wasn't a Pac-Man or Junior Pac-Man.
What the fuck about Super Pac-Man, that game was completely different than Pac-Man, listen,
it's new, okay, sorry, this is coming from the people that know Pac-Man, the people that
made it.
Look, this is the first Pac-Man with raving, I'll give it that, this is the first Ravealicious
Pac-Man game, that's what it's got.
Guess what, you fucking bought Pac-Man again, you suck, you stupid bastard, and guess what,
Nintendo has another fucking Game Boy to throw at you too, dumbass, fuck, anyway, so yeah,
it came out, hooray, 10 bucks, I didn't buy it, but no, I did, I'm taking my shit, a lot
of people on my friends list did do it, a lot of people bought it.
Guess what, and then when the next Namco fucking collection comes out, there will be Pac-Man
in that too, and when the next console comes out, there will be another Pac-Man game, because
people buy Pac-Man.
You're sighing, Jamie, why are you sighing?
Getting ready to shoot myself in the head.
Why, from all the Pac-Man, Pac-Man overload, if you put the bullet in the right place,
you might have a little triangular shaped hole there, and then you would be actually
Ms. Pac-Man.
Where's Jigglypuff?
Uh, let's see, Banda in our chat room says, I want a Pac-Man MMORPG.
No!
What the hell would you do in a Pac-Man MMO?
Pac-Man eating shit.
Did you not play Pac-Man World?
No, it'd be like, it'd be like the Pac-Man family from the cartoon.
Oh yeah, and there was that side-scrolling Pac-Man game, what the fuck, isn't that a
sequel?
Remember, at Classic Gaming Expo, I bought that.
You did?
I bought it for the TurboGrafx.
You sucker.
But, it was the only copy that I have.
Oh, okay, well that makes it all of them.
Oh, well, okay.
It's Pac-Land.
It was Pac-Land.
I remember playing Pac-Land, I'm like, oh, Pac-Land, this is gonna be interesting, because
it's not Pac-Man, it's Pac-Land.
I played it, I'm like, wow, this sucks.
Stupid mame, making me play crappy games, because I don't know what they are, and then
you went back to Ms. World 96 Nude.
No, all you have to do, if ever you want the ultimate mame experience, you just play Blazing
Star.
All right, I have to introduce our special guest tonight, who came in a little bit late
there while Loki was doing his story, but this is your first time in the studio, right?
I think the last time I went here was in 2005 May.
You're old school.
Right after Phantom May of 2005.
Let's tell them who you are.
What's your name, what's your online name, where might we have seen you before?
Okay, my name is Jonas Casarino, or also known as Explicit.
I think some of you guys heard me a long time ago.
Old school.
Our F.U. of the Week god.
Oh god, that's right, he likes to give the F.U.s the week that go on all day.
But that's all right, we'll let you get to it.
What kind of stuff do you do out there in the community?
Right now, SacAnime has got me part of...
I'll be there.
Oh, you will be there?
I'll be one of the head people of the gaming area.
I'll be cosplaying.
Cool, as what?
Sexy Nojuku Iruka.
Sexy isn't it?
I know where people are going to know you from, Explicit, is your cosplay from Fanime
this year, which is actually when I told you.
That was the greatest ever.
Because when I ran into you, I said, you need to come back on the show.
Tell them what you cosplayed as, it was awesome.
Okay, for those who did not go to Fanime Con, I was the one who dressed up as the Weemote.
We saw you walking by when we were heading back to the hotel room, we were like, dude,
is that a Weemote?
I said to someone, I was like, that's explicit, remember him when he used to come on the show?
You weren't there, I was walking...
I was with somebody, it might have been Ramu or somebody, I was like, that's explicit.
Oh, was it you, Matt?
Maybe that's it.
Alright, that's what it was.
Alright, but anyway, so now you're back, and so we were able to exchange numbers and everything,
get you back here on the program to give some more FUs, so feel free to chime in throughout
the night.
What kind of games have you been playing recently?
Any Wii games?
Well, since I have a Wii, yep, WarioWare, I'd like to try to get someone to play drunk
WarioWare on that.
Mmm, there's an idea for the fifth anniversary.
Alright.
And let's, yeah, um, let's see, I've been playing Planet Puzzle League lately, since
I've been trying to get, trying to master all these puzzle games lately.
What do you think of it?
It was actually pretty difficult just to master itself, it's a lot harder than like Tetris
or Luminous in which...
I bought it, but I've only played it once, so.
Yeah, but I've just seen that insane video that someone sent me a while ago, it was like
33X combo.
Dang.
Yeah.
Is that on YouTube somewhere?
I might have to check that out.
Yeah, it's on YouTube somewhere.
Huh.
Have you played Puzzle Quest?
Because I was raving about that earlier in the show.
Puzzle Quest is great.
I have not played that yet.
It's like, if you like role-playing games, you like puzzle games, they made this game
for you.
Seriously, they put a little bow on it and said, here, here it is.
Is it for DS?
Just for you.
For DS, PSP, and supposedly Xbox Live Arcade, I remember us doing a story that it's coming
to Xbox Live Arcade, but seriously, just get the DS, or PSP, actually, I have a friend,
this is the PSP version, looks a lot better.
I haven't seen it myself yet, I'm content with the DS one, but, I don't know.
We'll see what happens.
Take your poison.
Alright, anyway, so explicit, ladies and gentlemen, is here, so feel free to chime in whenever
you like.
But, we need to get to this week's news, so, Loki, if you wouldn't mind starting us off
with a little piece of the news from this week.
Yes, a piece of the news.
And of course, you know, if you've been listening to All Games, you probably heard about it,
but Sony has officially announced the agency for PC and the PS3.
It's going to be a brand new spy-themed MMO, not exactly spy versus spy, but it's still
pretty awesome, and yeah, it's going to be pretty cool.
And I don't know, we don't know.
Is it, Loki?
Is it going to be cool?
How do you know?
How do I know?
Because the screenshots look cool.
I mean, you've got two people firing guns at a bunch of people with guns.
I mean, that's all you need is guns and people firing guns.
I mean, seriously.
No, no, no, no, no.
And he has a parachute.
Is there fire?
Yes or no?
There's gunfire, muzzle flash, I mean.
I don't know.
That little spot on the ground looks like it might be fire.
I'm sure it's got fire, but I don't know, it looks pretty cool.
As long as it's not like, you know, she spies or something like that.
You are so random.
No, wait, doesn't this hook up with the PC, like it's like Shadowrun or something?
I thought I heard something about that.
I think it's the hook up.
No, seriously, can't you play with the PC people?
Well, it's an MMO, so I would imagine so.
Is it across the two platforms, or is it that they're just separate entities?
I got the impression you could play across both platforms.
I believe it's cross platforms.
Like Shadowrun.
I mean, it should.
I mean, the PS3 is fucking supposed to be powerful enough to run this shit, so why couldn't
they do cross platform?
I would think it is.
It's not like live, you know, where it's their own self-contained network.
It's Sony, do whatever, yeah.
Okay, I was gone and I was a bad boy and didn't stay up too much on my gaming news, so my
question to you would be, based on what you've read about this, is this the ace in the hole
that Sony needed to really kind of get a lot of momentum in the next-gen wars that are
going on right now?
Nope, because this game will probably not be out this year, that would be my guess.
So it's something like, you know, here's something to wait for.
It's just like Killzone 2, ooh, Killzone 2 is coming next year, so I mean, great, that's
awesome that it's coming next year, but we're talking now.
That's just like saying, you know, back when the 360 launched, ooh, but the PlayStation
3 is coming out.
Well, goodie for them, but it's not out right now, so, you know, it's just like, you know,
I'm gonna, well I'm gonna bring my friends, they're gonna beat you up, so meh.
Um, going to the chat room and looking at the comments there, Bandit says, I'd rather
play a She-Ra video game other than that.
Dude, I bet a She-Ra game would be great.
Gosh, a She-Ra game would be pretty fucking badass.
It's like uber-barbarian chickly.
And hopefully the little wizard guy's hidden somewhere in it.
GS68 says, PlayStation 3, gimmicks, gimmicks, gimmicks.
And that was Madam Raz.
And RawSteelUT follows that right up by saying, not as gimmicky as the Wii, oh snap.
BlackDevilerX says, great, that'll give the PS3 another game.
And RawSteelUT's also rolling his eyes going, ew, cross-platform, ew.
I heard the cross-platform so far, you know, with Shadowrun's kind of not working.
I don't want to give the definitive review on the game because I have not played it.
I'm not going to attempt to review a game based on screenshots alone, but word on the
street around my blogs and things of that nature is that Shadowrun sucks.
And I, I don't know, I won't...
What do you expect when you turn like a really awesome role-playing game and turn it into
a multiplayer only...
I fucking hate multiplayer only, you know, games out there.
That is retarded.
I don't want to play multiplayer games all the time.
Sometimes I'm in the mood for it, sometimes I'm not.
Okay, Psycoon's making angry face in chat says, Shadowrun fucking rocks.
So maybe...
It rocks, but it would have rocked even more as a fucking RPG, like it should be because
it's a RPG.
That would be, you know, a game that you can do like from FASTA or something that would
be good, just multiplayer only would be MechWarrior or something like that.
How did we get from talking about PlayStation 3's Ace and the whole game to talking about
Shadowrun?
Because they're cross-platform games.
Do we talk about the 360 too much on this program, maybe on, oh yeah, they are both
cross-platform games.
It's because it's awesome.
Okay, well, if you want to talk about cross-platform games that suck, Marvel Trading Card Game
on PSP and cross-platform with the PC.
Okay.
Woo-wee.
Okay, fair enough.
I guess we can all agree on that.
There you go.
All right, help.
Save us from this debate, DarkSakura.
Silent Hill 5.
Ooh, yes.
You got my attention.
Might have a US developer, but it could happen, it could not happen, so we don't know.
They're like, it could happen, but it could not, so we don't know.
Again, rumor.
Can we do something else now?
I fucking hate stories like that.
No offense, Jamie, because I know you're just reading what is...
I didn't pick it out.
I know.
I know you're just reading what...
Someone picked this like they picked their nose.
I know you're just reading what all the video game blogs are reporting on this week, which
is fine, but this is not news.
This is not news.
La, la, la.
I could hear once.
Really?
I mean, we all know that Silent Hill 5 is coming out soon, but to hear that it might
have a developer that might be doing this with it, how is that news?
That's even better, is it may or may not.
Wow, thank you for covering all sides of possibilities right there, because there were only two.
It may or may not.
It's sorted us.
I mean, you can't have like, it's, you can't have 50% on that.
They're a US developer that's right on the border of Mexico or something like that.
They're built on the border, so half of them are Mexican, half of them are in the US, so
it's halfway true.
No, it's being done by the Hawaiian division.
Which closed.
No, it's not.
They all got sent out to sea, didn't you hear?
Well, no wonder why the game's not going to get finished.
Exactly.
It's like sent to Hawaii, some guy's like, what the fuck is this?
Pyramid Head went snorkeling, you'll just have to deal.
Silent Hill, Xtreme Beach Volleyball.
You know, if this is, dude, the nurses are pretty hot, actually.
You know, if this is what the news is going to be like this week, then seriously, Orange
Lounge Radio has been preempted this week for the Dead or Alive movie discussion.
Boobies, boobies, boobies, boobies, boobies.
How did I actually watch that?
See?
Street Fighter II movie.
Anyhow.
That movie was all about Kylie Minogue.
That movie killed Raul Julia.
It was his last movie, that's true.
It killed him.
He could have had- Not even the life support suit could bring
him back.
He could have had even more years left, and that movie is just like, ugh, ugh, ugh.
He didn't even go- That's so rude.
He didn't even go Psycho Crusher once.
Didn't he have an HBO movie, actually?
Like that didn't count.
That was a movie that was Clint Eastwood, wasn't it?
Yeah, I just bought The Addams Family on DVD right before I left for New York.
That's Raul Julia at his finest.
That's how I prefer to remember him.
The Addams Family is fucking awesome.
And Addams Family values.
Oh, and then SSJ-100 Matt comes up with the perfect witty retort that only our chat room
can come up with.
Pyramid Head snorkels and gets taken out by a stingray barb.
That's just lovely.
Too soon.
Too soon.
No, no, no.
Pyramid Head would probably just poke the thing with his big pointy head.
You know what?
Seriously, I don't have to work tomorrow.
I'm gonna go get some liquor, I think.
That's my help.
That's my help me through tonight's show.
That doesn't help me through tonight's show, Bob.
You want some?
I'm trying to know something very disappointing.
I went to go get some root beer, you know, the nice root beer, and it fucking wasn't
there.
Nice root beer.
No, not that.
That's diet shit.
Diet is never nice.
So, all they have is fucking vanilla cream.
I fucking hate cream soda.
I hate it.
Hate it.
Hate it.
Hate it.
Was there a video game show here once, or was it just me?
Root beer tapper.
See, it ties in.
I am not deviating from the show's plan.
I am talking about video games, or at least one step into video games.
Alright, I'm gonna read this story so I can go get some booze.
Here it is.
Let's see.
Oh, this is actually, this is real news, actually.
Sony finally got themselves an official blog.
Let's give Sony a round of applause.
Congratulations, Sony, you finally caught on, and you got yourselves a blog.
You finally figured out, hey, maybe that Major Nelson.
You know, he seems to stay in touch with the community pretty good.
Xbox 360 seems to know what they're doing with the community.
Nintendo, they have Reggie.
Very likable, very personable guy.
Maybe Ken Kudaragi, Crayon Eater.
So what can we do?
So they finally launched a blog.
Good job, Sony.
And you can read it for yourself, blog.us.playstation.com.
And look at this.
At least this one's not faking the B.A., like an independent blog, like, was it that all
I want for Christmas is a PSP shit?
Yeah, this is actually fairly well done.
I mean, this is really what I think folks have been asking for.
There's some articles here, they're pretty honest.
This guy who is the U.S. producer for MotorStorm is talking about the patch and how the 1.2
is going to have this time attack mode, and then talking about how, like, there's a bug
in the game.
There was another post that's talking about the PS3 firmware update 1.81.
And they kind of have, like, a buffet of people, so to speak, writing for it.
And it's actually not bad.
So good job, Sony.
They're a little late in getting here, but, you know, I guess it was worth waiting for,
so fair enough.
Better late than never.
I guess.
That's very true.
Well, one thing that's better late than never, well, I guess it's not good for Sony, but
apparently people have already begun cracking the PlayStation firmwares.
And this is probably no thanks to the fact that the PlayStation 3 software development
kit got leaked a couple weeks ago out on the internet.
So yeah, that only helps things along.
But they've started with actually allowing, apparently versions 1.1 and 1.11 of the PS3
firmwares can now access, I guess, burnt game ISOs where you can, it'll recognize burnt
games, but it won't play them yet.
So I guess that's the first step in getting backwards compatibility with some burnt games
or possibly, I don't know, piracy, lots of pirated games, or homebrew.
But right now, you know, nothing's coming of it, but, you know, they're working on it.
But Sony has this to say about it.
They don't like the fact that people want to put homebrew and pirate things on the PS3,
so they have basically threatened people and said, unfortunately hackers will try to exploit
any hardware system software.
The best we can do as a company is to make our security that much stronger and aggressively
pursue legal action against anyone caught trying to use an exploit in a legal manner.
Naturally, any use of an exploit on the system software does void the warranty on your PlayStation
3 system, which could be a costly mistake to see if you can run an old Sega CD game
on it.
I don't think anyone's going to try to run an old Sega CD game, ever.
I would, but then again, I have old Sega CD games.
But you know, and they claim that they're serious, which means that they're in serious
trouble because...
They're not going to be able to do crap!
If the PS3 is so easy to crack this long, how many fucking updates have there been to
the damn firmware?
I mean, it's only a matter of time before they crack it, so.
If you know you're not interested in going online and stuff, I would recommend keeping
your firmware as low as possible, if you're interested in that piracy stuff.
As far as homebrew, though, I mean, hello, you can install Linux on it.
I mean, if you want to play old SNES games, you can fucking put it on Yellow Dog Linux,
so who cares?
Yay.
Well, I have better news than that.
This is happy news because I love the 80s.
Guitar Hero Encore has more tracks listed, which is, like, super happy.
So we have Hold On Loosely, that was, well, all of these, but one that I'm going to name
was a cover, so the one that's not a cover is The Warrior by Scandal.
Now the covers are Hold On Loosely from 38 Special, No One Like You by The Scorpions,
Only Aladdin, Oingo Boingo, it's a cool song, Radar Love by White Lion, Ballroom Blitz by
Crocus, a great name.
Dude, Ballroom Blitz is awesome.
I know, I like this song, I just always laugh at the band's name.
Well, Like About You by The Romantics, and Wrath of Child by Iron Maiden, because Iron
Maiden's fucking awesome.
And others on the list, 18 in Life, Bathroom Wall, Lonely is the Night, Nothing But a Good
Time, dude, Poison, Play With Me, Shaken, dude, I love Eddie, but it's like my favorite
Eddie Munny song ever.
Synchronicity 2, I Want to Rock, I Ran, of course, The Block of Seagulls, it's the actual
song too, so is the Twisted Sister one, Round and Round, I Want Candy, Metal Health, Holy
Diver, sorry, and Heat of the Moment.
Are you excited about Guitar Heroes Rock Series?
Hell yeah!
I love my 80s rock.
So I went to go make some liquor, which I don't have a lot to pick from because I didn't
stock up before tonight's show.
I mixed Malibu rum and root beer, how do you think that's going to turn out?
Give me.
Wait, I haven't tried it yet.
You want to try it first?
Alright, try that.
Don't spill it on your laptop, for God's sake.
Some bizarre shit that tastes like Dr. Pepper, which is nasty.
Really?
Everything tastes like Dr. Pepper when you mix it with alcohol.
Let me try this.
It kind of does taste like Dr. Pepper, it's not too bad.
Well, I hate Dr. Pepper, so I'm finishing off my root beer.
Dr. Pepper says that was a combination of everything.
You want to know what's still in my fridge, by the way, Rob?
The bottle of pineapple Malibu from Fauna Mae.
Delicious.
I think DevilerX wants to know, Sky, what kind of root beer?
It's Diet IBC.
Ew.
There we go.
Alright, so I mixed it with Malibu, because that's all I had.
I had that and citrus vodka, and I knew that would be really bad.
You should mix with vodka and the Malibu.
We'll see, we'll see.
Drink that like a shot.
Can I do a video game story, please?
No.
Okay.
Alright.
Time Crisis 4 is coming out to the Playstation 3, not that you may have heard that somewhere
before, where it was soon after retracted, but we can officially, with permission, tell
you now that Time Crisis 4 is coming out to the Playstation 3 with a GunCon controller,
and of course, Famitsu, they were the first to break this news about Time Crisis 4 coming
to the Playstation 3.
You hadn't heard it anywhere before then.
The Playstation 3 version will have an arcade mode, and it's just going to be just like
the arcade game, which is pretty awesome.
So if you like Time Crisis, you're going to be really excited about this game, I'm sure.
There is a GunCon controller that's coming out with this, which is kind of ugly.
It's orange, and kind of looks like the Zapper.
Not as ugly as the dude holding it, dude.
That guy is fugly.
That's cool, though.
I was reading that they're going to have first person shooter portions of the game.
That's why the GunCon's so weird looking.
That's kind of cool, though.
And apparently, they're going to have, it functions like the Wii.
You put these things on the left and right side of your TV, kind of like how on the Wii
you have the LED bar, and then there's a camera inside the actual gun, and that determines
where the markers are at.
So that means, that way you can use the GunCon, whether you have an LCD, a plasma, whatever.
It'll work on any type of TV, which is good news.
What's kind of neat, though, and I mean, how many GunCon games are out there?
I mean, really not that many.
I think that this would be awesome for first person shooters, because you've got, basically,
on the front grip of the gun, you have kind of the second half of a Playstation controller.
You've got your own analog stick and two shoulder buttons, and then on the back of the gun there's
another analog stick right by the trigger.
So in a sense, this would be the perfect solution for, you know, gun games or first person shooters.
That way you can control your looking camera with, you know, the right analog stick, control
your movement with the left analog stick, and then you can free aim with the gun.
I mean, it's fucking awesome, except they will never use it like that and it will suck,
so dammit.
Frustration.
Camara in chat says, it's upgraded Duck Hunt.
Pretty much.
Pretty much.
I guess so.
Sure.
Sure, you got it.
Upgraded Duck Hunt.
Duck Hunt 2 coming out.
Funny story.
I'm not sure about Duck Hunt, but I heard that some old NES Zapper games, you could
actually get perfect scores by aiming the light gun at a light and just keep shooting
at the light.
Or put a magnifying glass in front of a light gun.
That's the other trick.
Works like a charm.
Anyhow, so there it is.
GunCon Time Crisis 3 coming to the Playstation 3 very soon.
Yay.
Awesome.
And another thing that was announced for Playstation 3.
Wake me up when they have point blank.
That's all I have to say.
Sorry.
That would be awesome.
And for the 360, Soul Calibur IV.
Because we knew that Soul Calibur Legends couldn't be possibly the only game coming
out.
Soul Calibur IV will be coming out, they claim, that's going to be 60 frames per second.
I read somewhere 90 frames per second, which would be stupid.
But not that you would be able to see that.
And then also that it's going to possibly be 1080p.
The other thing, apparently everybody's been talking about certain characters getting boob
upgrades in the game.
It's just a fucking game, folks.
But the teaser video that they had for it didn't really reveal too much because it was
just still shots.
Well, I'm just glad, you know, I know most games we joke about are obvious that they're
coming like Silent Hill 5, Final Fantasy XIV someday, you know, and all these other series.
I wasn't 100% for sure that there was going to be another Soul Calibur game, because I
could have sworn they said with this last one, that's it, kids.
And then the fact that, you know, the arcade release came later.
There was a comment on Sony's website saying that Soul Calibur III was exclusive for PS2
and any future Soul Calibur games.
I was wondering, what happened with the decision with Soul Calibur IV being multi-console now?
Well, you see what happened is that Microsoft actually sold consoles, so that's why the
decision was made to go multi-platform, I guess.
It could be the 4 million console leave that they have.
Or there's this whole rumor thing, I mean, because Sony or the fanboys are writing the
hate mail right now, but also look at this, is that Namco, and you know, you'll see this
throughout some other stories you may hear tonight or may not, is that Namco and Microsoft
are starting to be in bed together, you might notice.
I mean, seriously, if you look at some of the decisions they've made recently and some
of the things, I mean, not that they've abandoned PlayStation 3, but look at like, you know,
Ace Combat and some of these other things, you know, Namco's kind of, you know, getting
in bed with my, they're going out to dinner, they're giving each other, you know, sensual
massages, they're, you know, they're getting to know each other a little bit here, getting
comfy.
Fucking popping out this goddamn Pac-Man sequel, babies.
There you go.
The true sequel.
True sequel.
Yeah, then the next fucking true sequel game.
I love Soul Calibur, it's one of my favorite fighting game projects.
I love Rod Calibur.
With the Dreamcast thing?
With the Dreamcast fishing rod, Rod Calibur.
You just told that story like last time we had a show.
I know, but every time I think of Soul Calibur, I think of Rod Calibur and how great it is.
Fair enough.
We need a new fishing controller for more Rod Calibur fun.
I think about Ivy and how great she is.
I think about trying to play Soul Calibur on the DDR pad on Dreamcast, and the only
analog button was like the Konami logo.
You're tapping your fingers like you want to say something, Loki.
I'm not tapping my fingers because I want to say anything.
He has a nervous twitch.
It's because I'm only through Pepsi.
You want to go get some Malibu?
No, no, I'm good.
Oh, actually, I was reminded that I cracked open alcohol in the studio without giving
the OLR alcohol disclaimer, because we may have some young'uns who listen, and so just
so you know, whenever we drink on the program, we do it responsibly.
I live here, so I can drink because I'm not going to drive.
That's why Jamie and Matt can't drink tonight, because they didn't make other arrangements,
because they didn't know I was going to crack open the liquor.
Matt, you have nasty alcohol here.
And don't drink by yourself.
And don't drink lots of water.
Yes, and please don't drink lots of water and not pee.
And don't sit on the ground drinking nothing but vodka and orange juice.
All right, there.
There's your disclaimer.
Back to news.
Hey, I have...
Anything else on Soul Calibur?
Sorry.
Oh, yes.
Explicit.
Wait, wait, the raw Calibur?
That's...
I mean, the DDR pad.
Soul Calibur.
That's almost as best...
It doesn't work.
That's almost as bizarre as someone trying to perform Shoryuken on a Street Fighter with
the DDR pad.
Seen it happen.
Seen it done.
Shoryuken!
It actually is much easier to do the... to do that with the DDR pad.
I'm going to try some of those Xbox Live Arcade games I didn't like.
Like, I'm going to try Novadrome with the DDR pad and see if it's more fun.
No.
Maybe.
Maybe if I drink a few more, it'll be fine.
All right.
No, what...
I have an excellent idea for some of these crappy games out there, and it's an excellent
idea for...
A gun?
No.
Skeet shooting?
For the ultimate endurance test.
Let me put it that way.
Okay.
DJ Genise in chat says, all video games are shit.
Play with a jump rope.
You might be listening to the wrong show, buddy.
I don't know what to tell you.
Well, you know, Microsoft would say jump in, so...
Hitstun says you can kind of...
Can I read my story, please?
Yeah, all right.
Wait, one more check on it.
Hitstun says you can kind of play Street Fighter on a 2DX controller.
You just can't... you just can't go left.
Oh, well...
So just be player one?
I guess so, and hope that player two never thinks to jump over you or else you're fucked.
I mean, I don't know what else to tell you.
Anyway, for those who are keeping up with the PS1 games that were to be coming out on
the PSN, PlayStation Store, or whatever the hell they're calling it, we have Crash Bandicoot,
Wipeout, Medieval, Jumping Flash, and Syphon Filter that will be available on, looks like
next Friday.
Actually, no, is it this Friday?
No, take that back.
Next Friday, sorry.
It will be available for PS3 and PSP, but you can only buy them from the PS3 store.
I'm guessing that's for the UK.
For the UK, yes.
I'm sorry.
My apologies.
Also going to be available is on 22nd June.
There will be Calling All Cars and Super Stardust HD on June 29th.
I heard Calling All Cars sucks.
Take that, Dave Jeff.
Well, I don't like to say that anything sucks until I've actually either seen it in play
or have played it myself.
No, I think I'm going to pass judgment before I play it.
I know, I actually do that a lot, actually.
Sometimes I'm wrong.
I wrote off Halo.
I was like, I will never like that game.
I haven't liked a first-person shooter since Quake.
Halo's going to suck.
And then I actually played it at, get this, my friend's wedding reception.
They had a Halo-themed wedding reception, and they had TVs all land together and played
Halo.
They actually had a cake with Master Chief on it, and that was the first time I ever
played Halo, and I had a blast.
So you can't always judge by looking, but some of the time you can.
Some of the time you really can.
I already know why I can't play Halo.
Because of the motion sickness thing.
Yep.
Sorry to hear it.
All right.
Well, let's talk about some upcoming games that you may or may not be playing in the
near future.
We like to travel the world when we do these releases, so let's take a look at the Japanese
release dates and listen to me horribly mispronounce some game name titles, shall we?
Coming out on the 21st on the Xbox 360, Saints Row finally in Japan, Shadowrun also coming
out in Japan, and some other games coming to the Asian region, such as Vampire Rain.
Also I want to point out Def Jam Icon also comes out from EA on the Xbox 360, all on
June 21st.
Also coming out on the Nintendo Wii on June 21st is Hajime no Ippo Revolution, which looks
to be another type of anime-based video game.
Oh no, it's a sports title.
It's a boxing title.
Yeah.
That's actually what it is.
First something.
Kind of cool.
I don't remember what it's called.
It's an anime series that's over here too.
Gotcha.
So I'm sure somebody in chat knows, and you might be wondering why isn't it Punch Out?
Because this is made by AQ Interactive, not a Nintendo in-house production.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, a port of Def Jam Icon over there, as well as Monster
Kingdom coming out on the PlayStation 3 in Japan on the 21st.
If you prefer to keep it with the current systems on the PlayStation 2, there's still
quite a few games coming out.
The Art of Fighting Collection moves into the best hits, and that comes out in Japan
on the 21st.
Also coming out, this is my favorite game name of the week.
It's Fun Super Combo.
That's F-U-U-U-N Super Combo.
This actually just looks like a Neo Geo compilation of some of the games there that SNK put out
previously.
I bet they're pretty fun.
I bet they are fun.
Dude, it will be fun unless Psycho Soldier is one of them.
Lots and lots of SNK loving this week in Japan, by the way.
There's a King of Fighters thing coming out too.
Are any of them new?
If you're on the DS, I've got news for you.
This could be the game of the year right here.
Hello Kitty no Gattuchi Collection, Koi no Doki Doki Trouble is coming out.
And the box is beautifully pink with Hello Kitty wearing a bunny suit.
I think she's confused.
No, this is made by Rocket Company, not SNK.
That's on the Nintendo DS.
I'm checking to see real quick if there's anything on the PSP, looking at my list here.
See if there's anything on the PSP coming to Japan.
Well, the Katamari Damacy game that was on the PSP moves into best hits, so you can get
that a little cheaper over in Japan, otherwise not a lot of new stuff.
Loco Roco also moves into best hits.
Check it out.
What about the Capcom vs SNK card fighting game?
What's that?
What about the Capcom vs SNK fighting card game that came out a while ago?
It came out here, but it got recalled because it was fucked up, but they're fixing it for
Europe where I don't believe it's been released.
But remember the cool thing about the DS is they're not region locked, so you can buy,
if you really want this game, you can import Europe's version or something and it'll be
English and not fucked up, so something to think about.
Alright, let's get to some more release dates, shall we?
Alright, this week there's actually a few things coming out in the US, starting off
with some weird games.
PlayStation 2, The Adventures of Darwin.
This is a little interesting.
You basically, it's almost like a portion of Spore.
You start off with a civilization that's pretty retarded and caveman-like, and you teach them
to be more civilized.
Then the Hitman trilogy is coming out, including the first three games of the Hitman series,
so that's pretty interesting.
On Xbox 360, we have Dirt coming out, which is an awesome off-road racing game, so definitely
check that out.
PS3, PQ2, remember those old IQ games, this one should be pretty cool.
Hot Brain is going to be coming out on the PSP, another brain-training sim.
PuzzleScape, another puzzle game.
Dungeon Maker, Hunting Ground, a very interesting role-playing game with a little bit of sim
aspects in there, that's going to be coming out as well.
On PlayStation 3, you got a big fat nothing.
Rainbow Six Vegas was going to be coming out this week, but once again, it's been delayed
yet another week.
The Wii, Resident Evil 4 Wii Edition is going to be making its way out, so that's going
to be pretty cool.
And the DS, Time Ace, which is that Konami game that we played that's, I guess, sequel
to Time Pilot, I was the only one that kind of pointed that out, but Zendoku is going
to be coming out, yet another Sudoku game.
SimCity DS, Rob, possibly a game that you might want to pick up?
Maybe, maybe.
I have so many games, I still have World of Warcraft to worry about on top of all the
other new crap I've got, so, I don't know, too many games, too many games, it's not even
Christmas yet.
The Transformers game is coming out a little bit early for the DS, you have both the Autobots
and Decepticons games going to be heading your way.
So there is more than meets the eye to these games.
And then finally, NPC, Dirt is also coming out, as well as the Hitman trilogy.
They're actually putting out, yet again, Wheel of Fortune, Jeopardy, and The Sims Pet Stories
will be making its way out.
Goody, goody.
You know, I went to the new Fry's Electronics they built out in Roseville, which is all,
you know, train things out there.
Very trainalicious.
It's cute, it's cute, it's a cute store.
You know, the Sacramento fries is unlike any other fries because it doesn't have a theme,
but all the other fries around the world have themes.
But anyway, the point is, I was looking at computer games just randomly, because I was
thinking about maybe buying a new computer game, I was actually, I don't know why, I
was tempted for like half a second to get the Lord of the Rings MMO, even though I know,
it's like, I'm like, oh, I kind of want to try it for no good reason.
But I didn't get it.
But I was looking at computer games, not even kidding, one entire shelf, almost like two
actually, dedicated to The Sims and all their spinoff series.
I mean, which is, I mean, it is one of the, what, the best selling game ever.
How many shelves are dedicated to the Tycoon series?
I don't even want to know.
Well, how about some different release dates?
How about it?
For our friends in the UK, coming out on the 22nd, we have Calling All Cars, like I said
earlier, we have Flat Out Ultimate Carnage, Hot Pixel, Hour of Victory, Kirby Mouse Attack,
Mario Party 8, Metroid Prime Pinball, Monster Madness, Pac-Man Rally, Sega Presents Touch
Darts, and Cosmic Family.
Metroid Prime Pinball just now?
You poor kids over in the UK.
I mean, it's not that that game was like that great, but seriously, that game came out here,
what, like six months ago?
Fuck that shit.
They get Flat Out before I do.
I mean, I want Flat Out for the 360 so I can launch my driver through the window and into
things.
It's one game early and, you know, they're bastards.
Hey, they have Tomb Raider early, whatever, okay.
Yay.
Are you excited about Tomb Raider?
That's what I thought.
Let's talk about gaming on the Mac, shall we?
Because we don't always get to talk about this and Loki usually has a field day with
this topic, but, you know, there was a pretty big keynote done, sorry, I've been drinking.
There's been a keynote done by Steve Jobs, did this, the Worldwide Developers Conference
did a keynote and he talked about at the keynote that there are going to be, excuse me, I was
very professional, sorry.
Yay.
I don't get a sneeze, but there's going to be coughing all over the Macintosh computers.
No, here's what's really going on.
They announced at the conference that Apple is going to be teaming up with EA and Electronic
Arts is actually going to be putting out some of their games onto the Macs.
Command and Conquer 3, Need for Speed Carbon, Harry Potter, and Madden and Tiger Woods 08.
So there you go, gaming on the Mac.
About fucking time.
Well, I think they've had some games before this, but, you know, EA is definitely stepping
it up a notch on the Macintosh, so that's pretty cool.
Another thing that's being shown off as well is id's Tech 5 engine, it's going to be their
fifth generation 3D engine.
You might remember them from such games as Quake 4, Doom 3, and all those other fun things.
Of course, they said that their new engine will also be able to run on Mac OS X.
So that's good.
So you're actually going to get some pretty decent games on the Mac, finally.
And it's also, it says, not being built with Microsoft's DirectX 10, which makes sense
because not everyone wants to have Vista either.
So that's pretty cool.
And I guess this engine will also be able to run natively on the 360 and Playstation
3.
So the tech demo that they showed looked pretty cool, kind of reminded me of Motorstorm a
bit, but very detailed, so I'm looking forward to some new games.
Could this be a new Unreal engine?
You know how that's the engine that everybody is licensing for their games?
Could this be like the next great engine that everybody wants to license?
Possibly.
I mean, Doom 3, the Doom 3 engine was, I mean, Quake 4 engine had a lot of things going for
it.
Well, actually Quake 4 I think ran on the Doom 3 engine, so yeah, it could be the next
big engine.
I mean, if it does things that Unreal can't, personally, I think Crysis is going to be
fucking awesome.
That engine is going to be nuts as far as the amount of detail that's in it, so they
have a real high bar to meet.
Alright, well I guess we shall see.
But I'm assuming, Loki, this doesn't exactly make you want to run out and buy a Mac.
Why?
My PC can run games just fine.
I had a feeling.
Although it's a bit old.
I need a new one.
A new PC!
PC, personal computer.
I do need to get a Mac upgrade at some point.
I want one of those pretty new Macs, the big screen laptop.
Anyway.
Sorry.
Well, it looks like Capcom is going to start releasing titles through Steam.
They're going to be putting out PC versions of Lost Planet, Onimusha 3, Devil May Cry
3, Special Edition, Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo HD Remix.
Can I add for matching service to that, just because I think it's funny?
Sure.
But I did not know that the Puzzle Fighter game was coming to the computers.
Or did I just miss that in the initial announcement?
I guess so.
Well, it says here that Capcom PC releases are going to be made available through Steam,
so.
Apparently.
Well, there you go.
Well, that's pretty cool.
And I might add that their fucking Street Fighter 2 HD game looks fucking awesome.
And I think that they've set the bar pretty high for any new 2D fighting games coming
out.
I'm not going to see Guilty Gear in that much detail.
It does look pretty hot, but it's going to do the same thing that Pac-Man CE did to Pac-Man
on Xbox Live Arcade, is it's going to piss you off that you bought the first one.
When this Street Fighter 2 HD version comes out, it's an arcade release, right?
Uh, yeah.
Yeah.
It's going to make you mad that you ever bought the Championship Edition release that came
out last year.
So.
I have every other version, why not?
I guess so.
There you have it.
Well, if you are a computer gamer, then you certainly know the series Monkey Island.
You remember this series of games, Monkey Island?
It's about pirates.
Hell yeah.
Huh?
Oh, hell yeah.
Well, hell yeah.
Well, guess what?
Apparently, going around LucasArts is rumblings of a fifth Monkey Island game.
The fifth Monkey Island game is coming.
I know some of the guys who worked on the music compositions for the original PC classics,
and they say that it's currently being planned amidst rumors.
However, LucasArts has so many things on its belt right now, including a Wii title that
is yet to be named.
Don't expect any revitalizations of its classic graphic adventures until 2008 at the earliest.
That's coming from RumorReporter.com.
You know, this is a game that needs to be made into a movie.
Monkey Island series.
It'd be awesome.
You know, with Sam & Max doing as well as it's doing critically, I mean, there's no
reason why they shouldn't bring this back, and it would be kind of interesting to see
it on a console, although these games will always kind of be PC games to me.
Yeah, they're pretty cool, though.
So we talked about it a while back that, you know, Playboy was going to be coming to Second
Life.
Well, they finally opened their doors in a fun little bunny-shaped island, and what can
you find possibly on Playboy Island, you may ask?
Well, plenty of bunny paraphernalia from its site, Playboy.com and ShopTheBunny.com.
Fake women?
Yes, fake women.
You'll be able to buy avatars or merchandise for your avatars, and also for, you know,
like fake bunny shirts and fake bunny ears.
Or you can buy real merchandise that, you know, can get shipped to your house.
All right.
Fair enough.
All right.
So slash Playboy instead of slash pizza.
I know they're going to have, you know, characters running around dressed up like the classic
bunnies, so that's kind of neat.
And yeah, I guess they're going to be also doing other, like, events and stuff like that,
so.
Events?
Pool party!
Fake pool party.
Fake barbecue.
But I love, I was reading some of the comments on the story, and it was kind of funny because
they were like, I'm just going to fake bomb this place.
Well, actually, RawSteelUT read my mind in chat.
Can you throw cocks at the Playboy models?
I think you can.
Why?
Come on, the cock throwing story in Second Life was funny.
So what if it was like four months old, it's still funny?
Kind of.
There you go.
If I actually played Second Life, I would want to throw some cocks.
I mean, come on.
What am I going to do?
Sit around and pretend I'm at the Playboy mansion?
I would build the massive cock launcher.
It would be a giant cannon.
That's all it would do.
Because it's funny.
That's why you would do it.
Exactly.
That and kittens.
It would shoot cocks and kittens.
Cocks and kittens.
Hooray.
You know, I'm kind of sad.
I don't know if we're allowed to say this or whatever, but what the hell?
I'm going to say it anyway because I've been drinking.
If you guys read about that Playboy event that happened at the Playboy mansion last
week with the whole, they were what, they were picking the gaming league folks or whatever.
We got invited to that and we couldn't go.
None of us could go.
Sucks.
I wanted to go.
We should have said Dark Side.
Dude, it was fucking lame.
Was it?
But it was at the Playboy mansion.
It was lame.
But it was at the Playboy mansion.
Dude, it's for the god damn, was it the professional gaming league?
They're trying to make gaming, they're putting it on TV.
I don't want to watch people play games.
I fucking hate that.
I want to play games or play games against other people.
I don't want to have people watch me play games.
Instead of watching basketball on TV, why not go play basketball?
Exactly.
That's why I don't watch sports on TV.
Well, you're just weird.
But there's a lot of people out there that do enjoy watching other people play games.
Don't you have friends that will come over and sit on the couch and watch you play?
No.
They don't really want to play themselves?
They just will watch you play?
never comes over to watch me play, and Nellie hates watching me play games. She's like,
I want to watch TV instead!
Okay, Jamie, you do this to some extent, right? You've told stories on this show before when
you and Dan were gaming together that you like would help him through Resident Evil,
but you would just be kind of content watching him, right?
Yeah.
So, would it be fair to say that some people are okay with just watching people play games?
Yeah.
I don't know.
Well, great. They can go ahead and start up their professional gaming league. It'll be
like the fucking XFL. It'll be around for a couple of years, and then it will fade into
dust, like it should, because no one wants to watch this shit. I mean, seriously, gamers
don't even watch...
But we were actually playing together.
Okay, remember that stupid show on G4 Arena, okay? Remember that? I mean, granted, it had
an interesting idea, let's watch gamers play games, and it sucked. It sucked really, really
bad. You know why? Because it's watching people play games.
The problem with Arena was just the way the show was kind of formulated. I don't think
it was the...
I don't give a shit about Joe Nobody, who fucking is like the Halo champ or something
like that, and ooh, ooh, he got a headshot in the game. No, I think I'm just going to
go back and play my own game now, thank you very much. I'm not going to subscribe to your
pay-per-view event sponsored by fucking, you know, I don't know, Rockstar or something
like that, so I can watch you play some stupid game that I could be playing right now and
win $50,000 and go, I'm the fucking awesome, let me make my own keyboard brand and sell
it for Uber money.
Are you done? No? No, I'm done. You're such a dick, I swear to God.
Okay, RawsteelUT brings up an excellent point. How about StarCade? StarCade was awesome,
and you watched other people play games, or Nick Arcade for that matter. Those games rocked.
Okay, bring that shit back. I would love to see that. That's good, but fucking watching,
you know, clan members or whatever fucking play multiplayer games and shit, that's kind
of boring. But I'd be down for like an 80s-style show or something where it's just people facing
off in the arcades like their forefathers did.
So you will watch people play games under the right circumstances.
I'll play arcade games. Liar. Liar.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Liar is not the right word. The word I'm thinking
of starts with an H. Homosexual?
Hypocrite. Oh, hypocrite.
No, Rob, that's just you.
All right. Anyway, that show's not on TV anymore, so fuck that, I don't care.
All right, anyhow. And M60. Oh no, I guess GS68 said it first. Hentai? Was that the word
you were thinking? Hentai?
Dear Rob.
Speaking of Hentai, Dark Soccer likes to surf the internet every week.
For YowieBoyFun.com.
And I don't know what she's looking at, but she likes to, oh yes, explicit.
Are you going to YowieCon?
Maybe.
Of course.
Everyone's trying to invite me to it.
Why would you go to YowieCon? I don't even want to go to YowieCon. Why would you go to
YowieCon?
No, because everybody like, you know, all those groups and cosplayers, they all want
me to, oh, come on, go.
As I understand it, let's talk about Yowie for a minute. Why not? This is an appropriate
lead into Dark Soccer's website of the week. Let's talk about a little bit of Yowie.
For those of you guys that don't know what Yowie is, it's art that is, you explain it,
Dark Soccer. I can't. It's man-on-man action.
It's basically, imagine like the uber sweet, sappy, you know, typical heterosexual relationship
and then change the gender of one of them to male.
Okay. Good definition. But as I understand it, Yowie is not made for gay men. It's not
gay porn. It's not gay anime.
It's made for straight girls.
Yowie is made for girls. So, I get asked all the time because Yowie is man-on-man action
and you're going to YowieCon. And I say, okay, well, as a gay man, the last place I want
to be on the planet is a hotel full of horny straight women. I mean, really. So stop asking
me if I'm going to go to YowieCon because the answer is no.
YowieCon maybe because I love my lesbians. I love my lesbians. I might go to YowieCon
but I don't know about YowieCon.
All right. Sorry. Sorry for the aside, Dark Soccer. I apologize for cutting into your
precious website of the week time. We needed to have some Yowie chat. Can we do your website
of the week now?
Sure.
All right. Here we go.
Because I'm just playing with the stupid thing anyway.
All right. Here we go.
So, the website of the week is fallingsandgame.com which I have no idea what the purpose of this
game is for anyway. But it's really stupid. All I'm doing is just watching it do shit.
Yeah, it's a game from the same people who do cat or was it cat with bow golf or something?
I don't know but I have no idea what I'm supposed to be doing other than drawing lines and trying
to make this thing destroy my sand slides.
It's that thing that's running around on the outside. You're supposed to hit it with sand.
Is this like Yoshi's Touch and Go?
I've been hitting it with sand and it's not doing anything.
Are you sure this game is fun?
Because it explodes. They have one that's also with slugs and you have to pour salt
on them.
I hate slugs. I'm actually slug phobic people. You now know what my deepest fear is, slugs
and snails.
I don't know. Because I keep pouring sand on it. I think it's the type of sand I'm using.
Grow sand.
I want the sea monkey the game. Or that I can flush them down the toilet.
That's the only thing missing from Sims 2 Pets.
Funerals?
No, flushing animals down the toilet.
Funerals? Fish funerals? Remember when I had fish?
This is fantastic.
I prefer to call them funerals.
It's just like, what the hell is this crap?
Alright, give that URL one more time.
FallingSandGame.com. I'm like, oil? What the hell is the oil thing? Oh, I see what it is.
Dude, this is like the biggest ball of sand freakin' ever.
FallingSand.com. That gets dark, sacra, steel, and thermal.
Dude, fire!
Alright.
Dude, I just set the ball of sand on fire. That's great.
Look at it.
Can I move on? Are you finished?
No, this is great.
What is up with you people tonight and not being able to finish in a reasonable amount
of time?
I am paying attention.
I am playing with the sand game.
Can I talk about BlizzCon while you're playing with the sand game?
Sure.
Because I'm a little upset about this.
As you know, I've been gone for the past two weeks, and during that time, tickets for BlizzCon
went on sale.
And I actually was going to go to BlizzCon this year, while I get home and find out that
the tickets went on sale June 13th, and then promptly sold out on June 15th.
So tickets for BlizzCon 2007 already sold out.
If you haven't heard, it's August 3rd and 4th at the Anaheim Convention Center.
And you know, if you go, you're supposed to get all this free stuff.
I, however, will not be going, and I'm a little bit bitter about it.
I know...
Are you going to cry?
A little bit.
Actually, no, I'm not going to cry.
I'm going to get angsty.
And you know what happens on the show when people get angsty?
FUs of the week time, Dark Soccer, start us off.
I'm trying to get the information out of my purse, because I'm going to tell people exactly
where the fuck I went.
Fuck you to the idiot at Quiznos.
I wanted my sandwich.
I specifically wanted a Philly cheesesteak sandwich on whole wheat bread with no mayonnaise
and no sauce on it.
Just meat and cheese and onions on wheat.
And I didn't want it burned either.
I want it toasted.
So the guy's like, I'm like, okay, I want to go.
Were you being served by Ozzy Osbourne?
No, I was being served by a moron.
And so I was like, okay, dude, I want a Philly cheesesteak.
No mayonnaise.
So he starts putting mayonnaise and I'm like, dude, I said no mayonnaise.
Oh, I'm sorry.
And then he puts it in and I get it.
There's like, okay, prime ribs.
No, I said Philly cheesesteak.
Oh, okay.
I'll go add cheese.
What?
And then he rings it up as a Philly, I was like, dude, okay, first of all, you bring
me up as a prime rib.
It's a different price.
He's like, oh, well, this is cheaper, so I'll just charge you for that.
Whatever.
So finally, I just ended up saying, where's your manager?
Oh, the manager's only here in the morning.
Okay.
So it's quiz nose number one, one, two, nine on, what is that road that's off of Zinfandel?
I don't know.
Not white rock.
Just call it off of Zinfandel.
Zinfandel and 50.
It's off of Zinfandel near 50.
Yeah.
By the, across the street from Target and Cheezer's Pizza.
Olson, it's Olson drive.
Olson.
I used to work on that road.
Okay.
It's Olson in Rancho, Cambodia.
And the guy's name was, I can't pronounce it, but it's A-K-O-B.
A-K-O-B.
Don't never let this guy make you a sandwich because he'll burn it.
You saw my sandwich, Rob.
It was pretty burnt.
It was, it was, I just came back from Philadelphia and you can't get cheesesteaks anywhere else
like you can there.
There's a reason they are Philly cheesesteaks.
I know.
Everything else is suck.
I have never had such idiotic service anywhere.
And I'm like, I can understand, you know, missing it once, but the dude wasn't even
freaking listening to me.
Anytime I said something, I was like, I want a small drink.
He gives me a fucking large cup.
I'm like, dude, small.
Jamie, maybe he was high.
No, he was, he didn't, I can tell him somebody's high.
He was not red-eyed.
He was not stealing the cheese out of the, the thing.
He sounded, he just was speaking in a whisper and not listening.
He was looking off in this face like, dude, I don't care how much you hate your job.
You can at least do it right.
You know?
So whatever.
All right.
Thank you.
A dark soccer for your very specific and directed eggs tonight, Loki, your F use of the week
goes to Christopher's desk for being rotted that is really foul.
Like I had to put a cup over the giant pile of rot.
It's literally, there's like stuff growing.
I'm creating a wall with cans.
I don't have enough yet.
So I have to drink a couple more cans.
Is that it?
My F you of the week goes to myself and the target that's across the street from said
quiz knows because I was there and I was buying some diet soda.
In fact, the IBC root beer I'm consuming right now that's mixed with Malibu.
I was buying that and as I was pulling it off the shelf, I, it got caught on the cream
soda next to it.
And so all the IBC cream soda went all over the floor and there was breaking glass everywhere.
It was, it made a beautiful noise, but F you to myself for being such a klutz.
I told you fucking cream soda sucks.
See now you know.
All right.
Uh, explicit and the F use tonight, um, uh, F used to having a flat tire during the road
while I was trying to go to my cousin's graduation and brought a lot of stuff.
Luckily I came in, came into the party, um, rather than not being able to make it after
he goes to pretty much everybody keeps overrated the over 9,000 joke.
What is the over 9,000 joke?
Dare I ask?
Okay.
If you go to YouTube or just type in over 9,000 up at Google.com.
Is it a Dragon Ball Z thing?
Yeah.
Okay.
I have seen it.
Power level is over 9,000!
DMN.
DMN linked me to something or sent us a song or something and I wanted to poke him in the
eye with a fork.
Yes.
I know what you're talking about now.
Yeah, exactly.
I hear that almost every freaking day.
Um, let's see, an F goes to my co-workers for trying to make me break, um, New Year's
resolution.
I'm not sure if you guys will know what the New Year's resolution might, gave up for the
whole year.
Well, dare I ask what it is?
Not erections again, is it?
No, no, no.
You gave up sex or masturbating?
Masturbation.
You gave up masturbating for a whole year?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Are you having sex with women at least?
Uh, sadly no.
Oh my God.
You're gonna die.
You should just get a hooker.
For real.
Wow, you're, you're a brave man, that's all I have to say.
Let's see, another F goes to everybody, I'm still talking about the 300 Sparta joke.
Combined with a Chuck Norris.
Hey, I got a shirt that says, this is Zelda.
That was actually funny.
Yeah, I got that.
That was, that was a good times.
F you to some of the kids in shotgun for asking me for money.
Okay, if you, I don't know, I'm not sure how many, how many, how much money these kids
spend on a con.
Especially with their like $110 swords and their $50 Naruto jacket, et cetera, et cetera,
et cetera.
Oh God, we're gonna be starting on that.
Let's see, and well, that's all for now.
I always like how he always leaves it with, that's all for now.
And then he'll be back like in a year.
Here's some F use I've collected over the past year that I'd like to share with you
here.
Actually, actually I found something.
I found something just for you.
This is just for you.
Jonas
Isn't that one of the most God awful things you've ever heard that was made by DMN.
Oh gee, didn't see that coming.
I'll send you the MP3 later, Jonas.
Anyhow, anyways, can we get back to games please?
So something kind of cool came down to the Xbox Live Video Marketplace and once I saw
it, I thought, well, I don't know, I had to watch it, but I didn't, so.
Basically the Xbox Live Marketplace, among other things, got a whole bunch of anime.
So that's pretty awesome, including Guyver, Trinity Blood, Gunslinger Girl, Speedgrapher,
Basilik, Sayuki, Kitty Grade, Genku, I can't even, The Count of Monte Cristo, whatever.
Desert Punk, Last Exile, Rumbling Hearts, Galaxy Railways, Gilgamesh, and Lupin the
Third Part 2.
But it also got Akira, and Akira in HD, which is fucking awesome.
So definitely worth checking out, especially if you're an anime fan, because that's one
of the best anime movies I think of all time.
And I believe Lady Death was also on there in HD, so that's something else.
Then beyond all that, National Geographic shit.
So yeah, National Geographic Adventure, and yeah.
So, watch some Akira in HD.
Can I tell you a secret?
Most people assume that because I do this show, I watch a ton of anime, which is so
not true.
I've never seen Akira.
Why?
I just haven't.
The manga's better, don't watch the anime.
No, no, no, no.
The anime is fucking awesome, and you know what?
I watched it.
Well, I started a fight.
I remember going to this, you know, it was a place called Steamers or whatever, it was
a coffee shop slash video rental place.
It was like one of the mom and pop shops or something around in Elorado Hills.
So I went one day, bored, and so I was like, I'm going to go rent something.
So I went to the cartoon section, I don't know why, and I saw Akira, you know, rated
R, so I picked it up, and of course a car at that time.
But it's fucking awesome, dude.
It has, you know, full frontal, has people's limbs getting blown off, motorcycle chases.
Oh, sorry, I heard full frontal and I woke up.
Space satellite lasers.
It does have the bike, however, the cool thing about the manga is that the movie is like
manga-lite.
There's like, at least 30 chapters where Kaneda is not even anywhere, he just disappears.
It's a fucking awesome movie.
One of the main characters.
It's got a character that looks like Louie Anderson.
So you gotta...
That is true.
You've got to watch it, and he kind of sounds like you, too.
I hate Louie Anderson, you're not selling me this.
And when he gets killed.
And 50-year-old children.
Can we please move on?
He's like old Louie Anderson.
Can we finish part A tonight at some point?
And the clowns!
If old Louie Anderson, oh yeah, the clowns, if old Louie Anderson could like do, you know,
psychokinetic shit.
That's fucking awesome.
Is this, has this show really lasted five years somehow?
Not yet!
We're not there yet.
That's right, it could all end tonight, boys and girls.
Crash!
We're getting close.
Okay, can we talk about something else, Rob?
Sure.
Read the manga.
Shut the fuck up and read a story.
Okay.
Well guess what?
You know that Castlevania film that was supposed to be done by Paul W.S. Anderson?
Well he said, fuck y'all.
Not really.
He said, I'm working on other projects.
Like he's remaking Death Race.
And that is awesome.
Yeah, it's more priority over Castlevania.
I agree.
Yes.
However, the one that they are getting to replace him is Sylvain White, who brought
us such classics as Stomp the Yard, and I'll always know what you did last summer.
Such great American cinema classics.
He is quoted saying, most of the vampire films that have been present are set in the future
from Blade to Underworld, and I was attracted to the chance to make a dark, epic period
movie that almost had an anime feel to it.
Well there's Castlevania right the fuck there, so.
Uh, Van Helsing?
Anybody?
Yeah, but that wasn't a good movie.
It just had Hugh Jackman being sexy, and that's it.
But it had vampires in it, it was a period piece.
But it was a bad movie.
What about Bram Stoker's Dracula?
That was sexy!
Oh my god.
Anybody?
How about Interview with the Vampire?
That movie was so hot, I would make love to it if I could.
That was sort of multiple...
It was part period, part present, part...
You don't understand that.
Part just, like, gay.
It's like...
It's a gay movie.
It really is.
I just expected making out all over the place.
For real.
That was a good movie.
He probably just doesn't watch a lot of those classic films, you know, because he's in a
whole other, you know, decade now, so.
Who watches any of that stuff?
Well, I have to say that maybe, maybe he's, he might have some, I mean, if he gets the
imagery off, then that'll be good, but you know what's also though interesting that he's
going to be directing is Ronin, Frank Miller.
As long as it's not Paul W.S. Anderson or Riebel, you know, we need someone else to
make fun of for making crappy movies.
Everyone has to start off somewhere, right?
Well he did do I'll Always Know What You Did Last Summer.
That's a springboard, I'll say.
I'm going to try to have some faith because you know me and my Castlevania, oh my god.
I will withhold judgment until the film is done, that's only fair, right?
Right, Halo.
Everybody deserves a chance.
Right, Halo.
What?
Halo.
Halo.
You said yourself that you passed judgment on Halo.
I just.
Have you learned your lesson, Rob?
I so got pwned just now.
Have you learned your lesson?
No, I'll never learn my lesson.
Haven't you learned that after five years?
I know, but I'm not going to tell, I'll always know where Jigglypuff is hiding last summer.
And now I think it's about time to say goodbye to part A of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to take a quick break and we'll be back after a little break with more of
Orange Lounge Radio.
For those of you guys listening live here on Sunday night, you get part B just in a
few minutes, but for those of you guys listening to us on our audio archive or podcast feed,
you just have to wait a couple days.
We'll be back right after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
We prefer to call it actually Orange Lounge Radio Championship Edition because it is technically
a brand new sequel to the original Orange Lounge Radio episode.
Yeah, Loki, shut up.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
