Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this weekís episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And weíre back here on Orange Lounge Radio with this our episode number 234 for June
the 3rd of 2007.
Weíll be celebrating our 5th anniversary on June 24th of this year if you can believe
it.
Thatís how weíve hit so many episodes if you wonder why 234 is a lot.
Anyhow, weíre going to get back into some gaming news.
Donít forget Orange Lounge Radio is in two parts every week.
If you missed some, be sure to go back wherever you got this episode.
Probably has part A linked as well.
Be sure to grab that.
Loki, why donít you start us off?
Yes, and letís talk a little bit about the hacking cracking scene on the Xbox 360.
Itís kind of interesting, Microsoft a couple of weeks ago took some precautions to ban
modders from their live service.
Well, in turn, modders have kind of fought back and theyíve created a brand new firmware
upgrade for the Toshiba DVD drives for the TS-H943 that will allow you to play backup
copies and legally purchase Xbox 360 tiles as well as it defeats all current and some
future Xbox Live detection attempts.
Because of that, itís actually allowing people to be able to use Xbox Live without them knowing
that you have a modded console.
Fight the fight, I guess.
But Microsoft has always been really good about fixing this kind of crap the second
it comes out.
They canít.
Sorry, I shouldnít say crap.
I mean, it actually is pretty smart.
But you know what I mean.
They put the ban hammer on this stuff ASAP.
So how long is this going to last?
Well, it depends.
Weíll see how effective this stuff is, but thatís big business for them.
If you look at Sony, theyíve tried and tried with the PSP, but thereís no luck there.
I donít know how much of DVD firmware they can really detect.
Thereís not really a lot that they can do, I think.
And if they circumvent the few methods that they have of checking, they might be screwed.
Unless they just do a whole hardware revision or something.
I guess weíll see.
I donít know.
What do you think, DarkSakura?
Do you think the hackers and crackers will win in this war, or do you think Microsoft
will be able to stay on top of them?
Thereís one thing that always works in favor of anyone who decides to system hack, and
thatís called system becoming obsolete.
Theyíre not going to care if the next oneís going to come out.
Theyíll say, ìWell, screw the old one.î And everyoneís like, ìYay, we win!î Because
we held out.
So itís kind of like a waiting war, essentially.
Yeah.
Interesting.
True.
I mean, if you look at the PlayStation 2, they had granted the methods of doing swap
disks and stuff like that, and the DVD loader and stuff, and now you have the whole running
off of hard drives and stuff, and itís just like, shit, I mean, you donít have to buy
anything for the PlayStation 2 anymore, you can download everything.
If people want it bad enough, theyíll find a way.
I remember the days of the seven swap trick for the first PlayStation.
Well, look at the original Xbox.
I mean, thatís, you know, modified firmware, running stuff off of hard drives, itís rampant.
All right.
I would say, too, if you donít want to get banned, donít take your console online, because
thatís how they fix it.
So, I donít know.
But then again, I guess the whole hack is to have the advantage online.
But I think thatís fucked up to cheat in online games.
I think those type of people deserve to get banned.
Well, I donít know if itís doing it for cheating in online games.
I think itís just not having to buy those $60 games is what theyíre doing.
Or maybe imports.
Imports might be nice.
Thatís kind of cool.
Yeah, I think, I donít agree with region control.
I mean, I understand why they do it, you know, so Iím not trying to say, like, oh, it makes
no sense because, you know, because of licensing and all those other things for the music and
what have you that they get in the games, but still, I mean, at the end of the day,
it sucks for the consumer, you know what I mean?
Anyhow, something else that is confusing, nevertheless, for the consumers is that Destructoid
ran this article earlier this week about the Xbox 360 and the fact that Metal Gear Solid
4 is confirmed for the Xbox 360.
Now, the article was kind of weird.
Like, you know, actually, itís funny.
The guy who wrote it, Ron Workman, was actually on our year-end special, so Iím kind of wondering
if we should call him up and try to figure out whatís going on, but I donít know if
theyíll talk because, supposedly, Konami sent out a cease and desist.
Now, Destructoid has always been a pretty respectable site in my mind, so I donít think
theyíd pull these stories out of their butt, so Iím just kind of wondering, like, it was
very interesting to kind of watch that happen where they had to be very vague about it and
then they have this cease and desist coming from Konami, which seems to cement it, if
that is legit.
I mean, I donít know, could the whole thing be an elaborate prank?
Who knows?
But Computer Game World seems to think so because they ran a counter-story a little
later on.
Iím sorry, thatís Computer and Video Games.
Sorry, carried it to the wrong side.
Computerandvideogames.com ran a counterpoint a little later on in the week saying, ìKonamiís
confirmed nothing,î is essentially what itís saying.
So saying that, no, Metal Gear Solid 4 has not been confirmed for 360, Konamiís confirmed
nothing.
But the weird thing about this report is that theyíre basing it on the fact that theyíve
talked to Konami and Konami refuses to comment on the rumors and that theyíve made no statement
regarding the 360 version.
And in my mind, I kind of go, ìWell, of course Konamiís not going to say anything about
it.
If they send a cease and desist to one site, itís because theyíre not ready to comment
on this.
Trust us.
We know this very well, okay?î So it kind of doesnít mean anything.
To me, that doesnít discount the story at all.
So I donít know.
Well, speaking of the rumor mill and Konami, wow, there actually were rumors that popped
up in this monthís issue of EGM stating that Silent Hill 5 was going to be released this
year and handled by Konami USA instead of in Japan.
But there was also an interview with the director, Tsubuyama Masashi, who, like I said, was the
chief director on the project.
And he stated that they donít have anything official.
There actually were looking more next-gen console, multi-platform, that he did say to
keep your eyes on the upcoming press conference on July 11th.
And thatís during E3, isnít it?
Yep.
Boom.
So theyíll probably be revealing Silent Hill 5 at that time.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Try to find my invite.
Well, I donít know.
As long as the series doesnít jump the shark, Iíll be okay.
I think multi-platform is the way to go, though, honestly.
More pea-hitty.
Because, you know, Xbox 360 still hasnít really cracked the marketplace in Japan.
I mean, obviously, I think most of us here would like to see it show up on 360.
But over in Japan, you kind of have to put it on PlayStation 3.
The Wii is just probably not going to be able to handle what theyíre going to want to do
graphically with the game.
You should have Silent Hill where you play as, you know, Pyramid Head.
Itís Pyramid Head Adventures with Silent Hill.
Well, you know, maybeÖ
Watch that crazy cat as he goes and beheads people, the giant metal shark thing.
No, he has to hump all the female monsters.
Just the female monsters and rapes them and rips their skin off.
Well, Iíll put a prediction out there.
Remember that the Silent Hill is getting an arcade game.
Remember we talked about that a while ago?
There was some arcade expo and they showed a Silent Hill thing there.
Maybe the Wii will get that because you could easily point and shoot with the controller.
So maybe the Wiiís not on.
Weíre talking Silent Hill Gun Survivor.
Thatís kind of cool, though.
Silent Hill Babies coming to ABC Family Saturday mornings.
Underdog Harold says Pyramid Head Mysterious Dungeon would be a fun game.
That would be great.
With cutesy little music and everything.
Super chibi, Pyramid Head, you know.
Aww, he just beheaded the cat.
That would be fantastic.
Anyways, other interesting stuff.
Coming out of the Halo 3 beta, thereís been people actually hacking the beta to reveal
all sorts of fun stuff, including they have a brand new chopper that you can ride in the
game.
The sword as well as radar jamming items, player operated turrets added to the Wraiths,
actually playing with the Wraith, and different modifications, including ground speed and
gravity and all that sorts of stuff.
And pretty cool, I guess, that you can modify the beta to do that.
I canít believe people have already cracked the game and itís already in beta.
Just imagine when the game actually comes out.
Iím not surprised they did this because people love their Halo almost a little too much,
you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Well, there you go.
Also, something to mention about Halo 3 is that GamePro is going to be running an article
talking about that there are, well actually I should say the article is going to be showing
new vehicles, new maps, new weapons, and armor.
Thatís right, because Halo 3 is going to have armor in it, new armor.
You can create, I shouldnít say create, but you can get armor for your characters, like
new shoulder pads, new helmets, so thatís kind of cool.
Like I look at this one helmet on the particular scans from the site, it looks like an alien
head or something on the helmet, so kind of neat.
It looks like you can almost create your own character from all these custom parts, which
is good.
Itís kind of taking it a step further because in Halo 2 you can pretty much pick the human
looking guy, the master chief, or the alien looking guy, and then you can choose the colors
in the emblem, thatís it.
So I think that would be kind of fun if you could take it a step further.
Suddenly Halo has turned Barbie, I donít know.
That just seems to be a common thing.
How long have games had multiple outfits and things that go on in them?
Like Dead Rising, huh?
Dead Rising has some new costumes and themes for Xbox Live, but the costumes are a white
suit, a striped outfit, and an accountant outfit.
Yeah, because I really like to look like an accountant when Iím beating up the undead.
You know, I put on my suit.
You could.
I keep your tally.
One beheading!
Two beheadings!
Doesnít that game keep up body kills anyway?
Yeah, it does.
So I guess you can look the part when youíre adding up the corpses.
Anyway.
And you can also dress up like an accountant and slam like a cash register into them.
Itís like, ìKeep the change!î Office space the game.
Do they have a Naked Time costume in that game?
Like you know, Underoos or something?
They have really tight like shorts that you can wear, little kidís shorts.
I donít know about that.
Thatís a little scary.
You could run around as hard gay, beating up the zombies.
All right.
Good times.
You know what they really need, though?
They really need like the giant leafs that they have in, oh god, people that sing Yata.
I canít remember the name of the band.
Hapatai.
Hapatai, yeah.
Yeah, they need a giant leaf in that game.
Thatís the only thing thatís missing.
So some interesting stuff happening in New York this week, including some bills being
passed regarding the ESRB ratings and selling minors M-rated games.
Apparently, the law has passed and itís going to make a felony, a class E felony at least,
the least severe felony in the state, if you sell a M-rated game to a minor.
So better be careful before you sell those Mortal Kombat and Grand Theft Autos to kids
out there.
And unfortunately, you know, I guess it has been approved, so hoorah.
By one part.
Why by one branch or something, right?
Yes.
Itís been approved by the New York Assembly.
This law sucks.
And you know why it sucks?
Because is this same rule being applied to theaters that sell tickets to underage folks
trying to get an R-rated movie?
Then this law is not fair.
Thatís why this law sucks.
Thatís all.
Itís bullshit.
Grand Staney is what it is.
Itís stupid.
Thatís right.
Itís stupid.
All right.
Weíre going to get into, and actually Iím looking at some comments in the chat room
here.
Act Def says, ìLaw sucks in general.î Yes, sometimes.
Rama says, ìUnless New York State does a lot of secret shopping and or undercover sting
operations,î which they wonít, ìthis law will not fucking stick at all.î And Gerardimo
says, ìAw, Iím a New York minor, but I only have a Wii, so Iím going to have a far hard
time finding an M game.î
Um, Scarface, Manhunt, Driver, um.
Yeah, but donít buy Driver.
Yeah, unless you want to laugh.
All right.
Itís the bad AI.
Well, folks, itís about time that we play a little bit of our favorite game to play
here on Orange Lounge Radio tonight.
Itís the Match Game, ladies and gentlemen, and weíre going to open up the phone lines
right now to get a contestant.
We have one contestant from the chat room, and we just need to get an opponent, so if
youíd like to give us a call, weíll take the first call on our Skype line, 1-877-GAME-OLR,
or our user name on Skype is ìOrange Lounge Radio.î You can call us either way.
And first off, weíll go around and introduce the special guests that will be playing tonight.
Loki, please help us introduce the guests tonight.
All right, and guest number one, your name?
Yes, I donít care where you came from.
Where did you come from, Mielethauk?
Galactica.
Hold on.
Weíve got a contestant call here.
Hold on.
Hi, youíre on Orange Lounge Radio.
Whoís this?
Hi.
Itís Wonder Dog Harold.
Hi, Wonder Dog Harold.
How are you?
Hey.
Iím fine.
You win.
You get to play match game tonight, okay?
Huzzah.
All right, all right.
So hold on the line while we introduce the rest of the panelists tonight, okay?
By the way, tonight, speaking of panelists, tonightís edition of the match game here
on Orange Lounge Radio, we had to do it tonight dedicated to Mr. Charles Nelson Reilly, who
was from the 70s edition of the match game, which, you know, obviously we are blatantly
ripping off the match game from the 70s.
You see the reruns on game show networks.
He passed away this week and was one of the main reasons to watch that show.
He was awesome.
So weíre dedicating this edition to him.
So anyway, so yes, Rice Princess and Mielethauk are here.
They are sacrificing some of their precious time away from watching Battlestar Galactica
episodes back to back to back to be here, because you guys have watched, like, what,
like seven episodes so far this weekend?
How many?
We have.
Seven episodes?
We have a lot.
All right.
We donít want to take up too much of your precious time.
This is Loki.
Yes.
Iím here.
I know, of course.
And Dark Sakura.
Roar.
And me, because Iím awesome.
All right.
So you have five folks tonight.
And Wonder Dog Haroldís on the phone.
You still there?
Yep.
Good.
And heís going to be playing against Hitstun from the chat room.
Hitstun from the chat room won our drawing during the break.
Okay.
Now, Wonder Dog Harold, do you know how the game works?
Yep.
Okay.
Weíre going to, for those that donít, Iíll just explain it again, weíre going to be
asking some questions.
And weíre going to put in the blanks, but thereís blanks at the end of them.
And you are supposed to come up with what you believe belongs in the blank.
And if you match with anybody in the studio, then you get a point.
All right.
So we only have three questions tonight, though.
Itís a short game tonight.
Are you ready to play?
Yeah.
All right.
Are you ready to play, Wonder Dog Harold?
Yep.
All right.
Here you go.
Here is question number one.
All right.
Here it is.
Rob just landed himself in big trouble.
When trying to purchase yet another virtual console game with his credit card, the card
was declined.
Upon calling the credit card company, they told him, ìRob, we turned off your credit
card because youíve been buying too much blank.î All our guests are thinking about
their answers.
Theyíre writing them down.
ìRob, we turned off your credit card because youíve been buying too much blank.î Okay.
All right.
Iím waiting for the ñ okay, there we go.
And all right.
All right.
You got an answer, Wonder Dog Harold?
You ready?
Heís still thinking.
All right.
While youíre thinking, all right.
Here we go.
Iíll read the question one more time, then weíre going to go to you for an answer.
Here it is.
ìRob just landed himself in big trouble.
When trying to purchase yet another virtual console game with his credit card, the card
was declined.
Upon calling the credit card company, they told him, ìRob, we turned off your credit
card because youíve been buying too much ñî What do you think, Wonder Dog Harold?
Porn.
Porn, says Wonder Dog Harold.
Too much porn.
Hitstun also said porn, so this isnít going to be a very exciting round because if anybody
gets porn, they both get a point.
Thatís all right.
Letís see what our celebrity panel came up with.
Weíll start with Rice Princess.
Heís been buying too much ñ ìSilent, occupied Caprica.î Too much silent, occupied Caprica.
Is that a match?
No, that would not be a match.
Is that a match?
Thatís something from Battlestar Galactica, actually, and we are playing video game match
game now.
Oh.
All right.
Miklotov.
Heís been buying too much ñ Because porn is such a totally video game-related
thing.
Heís been buying too much helo, which is like halo but helo.
Helo.
That would be porn for me.
Another Battlestar Galactica reference.
Thank you very much for that.
Too much helo.
Not a match, though, even if that is the object of Shaneís fantasies we donít need to hear
about on the show.
Loki.
Heís been buying too much ñ Actraiser.
Actraiser.
Good guess.
Good guess.
Loved it so much, he had to buy it five times over.
Yes, to put it in the top five somewhere.
He bought it for all his friends.
Actually, there you go.
He filled up one whole page on his ñ Of Actraiser.
Oh, I should do that.
Dark Sakura.
Heís been buying too much.
Propel.
Propel.
I havenít used it in ages.
I know.
Propel.
I actually drank some Propel today.
Was it good?
Mm-hmm.
Wow, Rob.
Itís like fitness water.
Itís good.
All right.
I put ñ Rob, we turned off your credit card because youíve been buying too much candy
because Iím fat.
Candy.
Sorry.
There you go.
So there it is.
No matches for either contestant that round.
Sorry to say.
Sorry, Wonder Dog Herald.
Aw.
All right.
That was ñ that was very emotive.
I like that.
All right, you ready?
You ready to get some points on the second question?
Sure.
All right.
Here we go.
Thatís what I like, some excited contestants.
Here we go.
Question number two, Jamie is not typically the arts and crafts sort.
Liar.
But sheís been very ñ itís a game, Jamie.
Play along.
Jamie is not typically the arts and crafts sort, but sheís been very impressed with
all the video game arts and crafts sheís seen on game blogs lately because, you know,
like they have the little coasters that have like Zelda pictures and stuff.
Letís go to Kotaku or something.
Youíll see it.
Sheís been very impressed with all the video game arts and crafts sheís seen on game blogs
lately.
She joined a community college class on knitting but got kicked out of the class when her first
project she brought in was blank.
She joined a community college class on knitting but got kicked out of the class when for her
first project she brought in blank.
All right, ding.
Ding.
Ding.
All right.
All right.
Iím just waiting for our chat room player, and hopefully our phone player has thought
of an answer too.
The chat room is helping out.
All right.
Wow, one of these answers is an incredibly poor taste.
All right.
I usually are though.
All right, here we go.
Here we go.
Is everybody dinged?
All right.
Ding.
All right, here we go.
Here we go.
Jamie is not typically the arts and crafts sort, but sheís been very impressed with
all the video game arts and crafts sheís seen on game blogs lately.
She joined a community college class on knitting but got kicked out of the class for when her
first project she brought inóWonder Dog Harold?
A sweater with hard gay on it.
A sweater with hard gay on it.
Okay, good.
Heís been paying attention to the show because Jamieís been watching hard gay.
Okay, good, good answer, but weíll see if it matches.
Hitstun said a shotgun.
She brought in a shotgun, which might beó
Too soon.
Too soon.
A little bit, but all right, thatís the answer.
All right, Rice Princess, she brought in?
She brought in a Cylon Occupied Caprica.
Unfortunately, Cylon Occupied Caprica is not a match and is still a Battlestar Galactica
reference Rice Princess.
We are playing video gameóCandy is not video games either, so shut up.
Nintendoís cereal was candy.
Thereís a Battlestar game coming out, so take that.
Will it have Cylon Occupied Caprica in it?
Probably.
All right, here it is.
For her first project, she brought inóHelo.
Guys, you know what your next answers have to be, right?
Possibly.
This by the way will be the last appearance of Rice Princess and Miklótov on our show.
Say goodbye, folks.
Itís been fun.
Itís been a fun five years.
Itís been swell, but the swellingís gone down.
All right, Loki, she brought in?
The corpse of Charles Nelson Riley.
Too soon.
Too soon.
In my refrigerator, hi.
She brought in the corpse of Charles Nelson Riley to her knitting class?
Thatís horrible.
She needed a reference, a lifelike reference of knitting his corpse.
Dark Sakura, she brought in?
A Glock 37.
A Glock 37?
Too soon.
Itís a gun.
Donít you watch the news?
No.
You are not supposed to make guns at college jokes.
Itís not cool.
If you donít make fun of it, how will you ever recover?
All right, true.
Hey, itís a half of a match, though.
Is a Glock 37 a shotgun?
I donít think so.
No, but itís a firearm, so it gets to have a point.
No, porn and helo are not a match, neither is shotgun and whatever Jamie said.
All right.
But itís a powerful gun.
GS 191 says, does this mean I can call Loki a nappy-headed hoe, then?
I donít know, maybe.
He kind of is.
My hair is not nappy.
Anyway.
Dude, the chat room calls for half a point.
All right.
No, thatís nice for the chat room, too bad itís not their game.
All right, anyway, I said that she brought in, because it was a knitting class, she brought
in a quilt with Pyramid Head raping a corpse.
All right.
And it actually wasÖ
Of course, I know you donít make quilts in knitting class.
You donít knit a quilt.
Thatís why they kicked her out, stupid.
Well, my other answer was going to be bloody steel needles.
Actually, Pyramid Head was raping Charles Nelson Rileyís corpse, so go figure.
With a shotgun.
That would not be attractive.
That would be attractive, Rob.
So Wonder Dog Harold, Iím very sorry, you still have a zero.
Ow!
Shit!
That hurt!
And Dark Soccer just injured herself.
So at least you get that.
No, I injured my laptop and indirectly injured myself.
All right.
Wonder Dog Harold, are you going to get a point on this last one?
At least one.
All right, at least one.
Here we go.
Here it is, the last question, folks.
Piggy was very impressed with all the cosplay he saw at Fauna Mae.
He was shocked, though, at one thing that was missing.
He said to himself, ìThatís it.
Next year Iím coming dressed as blank.î
He was shocked, though, at one thing that was missing.
He said to himself, ìThatís it.
Next year Iím coming dressed as blank.î
No extra fur, youíre too late, you canít play now.
I want to ding.
I want to do a bonus point.
You canít do a bonus point.
Fine, extra fur wants to be a bonus point.
Fine.
All right, yeah, I think we got an answer.
All right, there we go.
All right, thereís the end of the music.
All right, here we go.
Loki was very impressed with all the cosplay he saw at Fauna Mae.
He was shocked, though, at one thing that was missing.
He said to himself, ìThatís it.
Next year Iím coming dressed asî.
Wonder Dog Harold?
Helo?
Helo!
Okay, all right, so I see the tactic youíre taking here.
All right, well, letís see if itís a match.
Rice Princess.
Wait, I have the microphone, and whoís the other guy who needs to take it?
Oh, Iím sorry.
Oh, yeah, thatís right.
Hitstun, sorry.
Hitstun said, ìIím coming dressed as missworld96nude.î
Good answer, good answer.
All right, letís see.
Sure.
So we have Helo and missworld96nude.
Letís start.
Rice Princess was number one, though, so.
I grabbed the microphone.
Fine, Mieglotov, what was your answer?
My answer, a silent, occupied Caprica.
Are you doing this just to screw with our?
No, we had already planned that out, so.
Rice Princess, what did you say?
Next year Iím coming dressed as?
Answer
Gata.
Gata?
Gata.
Heís in the CIC in Battlestar.
Heís Lieutenant Gata.
You guys totally screwed Wonder Dog Harold out of a point.
I had already planned mine, so.
Wonder Dog Harold, would you care to yell at our celebrities?
No.
Somebody could still say Helo.
All right, here we go.
Thereís three of you guys left.
All right, yeah, thatís true.
Somebody could still say Helo.
Loki, he decided to come dressed as?
I was just going to say it myself.
I donít cosplay.
Fuck this shit.
I donít cosplay.
Fuck this shit.
Itís not a match.
Iím sorry to say.
Dark Sakura, heís going to come dressed as?
Hadouge.
Hadouge.
Also not a match.
And I said, next year Iím coming dressed as?
Helo, obvious.
Tingle.
Helo, heís coming dressed as Tingle.
For finally the OLR fans could be happy.
And fine.
Extrovert wants a bonus point.
Letís see if thereís a match.
You could decide the game right here.
Iím going to come dressed as?
I was going to say Hot Dog from, oh, from Battlestar Galactica.
I fucking hate this show.
So there it is, unfortunately nobody won, hitstun got zero, and Wonder Dog Harold, Iím
sorry to say you got zero as well.
So you have to give us money.
Can I say something?
Yes.
My dogís been lost for two days and they found her.
In one piece?
Yes.
Good.
Iím glad the bitch is okay.
I was really depressed for two days.
Alright.
Um, Wonder Dog Harold, as a consolation prize, Iíll let you plug any website or something
you want to give a plug to here on air.
Um, nope.
Youíre a man of many words, Wonder Dog Harold, I appreciate it.
Thank you for calling in and being a contestant tonight.
Alrighty.
Alright, take care.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Bye.
That was great.
We need to have you on the show more often.
I think Wonder Dog Harold said like ten words, itís like when Megalodon gets on the show,
he says ten words the entire show.
You need to be in studio and weíll see if you speak more.
Alright.
Alright, so we have zero, zero, everybody is a loser.
Hitstun says the chat failed me, theyíre fired.
Hitstun says, you know, I can challenge Wonder Dog Harold at Tetris DS or Mario Kart or something.
I know the chat room was screaming Tingle, it would have been a point.
Alright, thatís it for Match Game.
And at this point I will now kick out all of the guests because they obviously need
to go watch Battlestar Galactica.
Do you want some ice cream though?
I want ice cream.
Are you guys going to get ice cream?
Get milkshakes.
No.
I donít want to get ice cream.
You guys get ice cream.
You can get me a milkshake.
Or we can go get ice cream and not bring any back.
How about this, Iíll let, okay, weíll let you guys take over the afterbirth while we
go get ice cream.
Can we make our own cage match?
Yeah, can you?
No, I donít think so.
Damn it.
I put in an awesome song.
Well, think about it.
Alright.
Think about it and come get back to me.
Weíll get back to you.
Alright.
Alright, I know, thereís going to be a theme from Battlestar Galactica.
You can let me do it and itíll all be Doctor Who.
Alright, well, tonightís Match Game was a colossal failure.
Doctor Who is cooler than Battlestar Galactica.
I donít know, I donít know about that.
It is a pretty good show.
Donít egg them on.
Yeah, seriously.
Donít encourage them.
Alright, letís talk about porn.
Yay!
Can I get a yay for porn?
Yay!
Yay!
Well, actually this isnít real porn, but itís Leisure Suit Larry, which is kind of
like, you know, it was kind of like the Cinemax of gaming back in the day.
It was like, you know, you might see a titty if you freeze frame once in a while.
Well, Leisure Suit Larry is coming to mobile platforms.
Thatís right.
You can see some pixelated boobies.
God For Sale, which was the seventh game in the Leisure Suit Larry series, is coming to
cell phones.
Go figure.
Itís coming from Vivendi Games Mobile, and itís coming out in September.
But if youíre in Europe, youíre getting it first, you get it in June.
Quote from this one, President of Vivendi Games Mobile, Paul Maglione, quote, ìLarry
fans worldwide have a strong allegiance to the classic Leisure Suit Larry adventure game
format.
We are delighted to be doing just that with the mobile version.
Weíve kept the iconic Larry humor and attitude intact while adapting the graphics, language
and controls for a mass market global audience.î So there you go, some pixelated JavaScript
titty coming to a cell phone near you.
Yay.
And if you want your titties to be more realistic, then Dead or Alive the movie is coming out
June 15th, and well, itís going to be about as deep as Mortal Kombat the movie, probably
less deep, but it will be coming out to theaters, and there will be lots of chicks fighting,
and I know thereís one scene with a chick fighting topless, but of course, you know,
this isó
Is this because youíve already watched the whole movie on Google video when it was out
a while ago?
No, but I downloaded the PSP version of it off of Google video.
Thatís good.
Well, speaking of things that have no depth, SingStar 90s isóoh, my God, why are people
still playingó
You know what, the SingStar games donít look that bad.
I actuallyó
Oh, I played it at E3.
Yeah.
And I had to do Motorhead with some guy.
Iím more excitedóheaven forbid Iím saying Iím excited about a PlayStation 3 game, but
I think SingStar will be better on the PlayStation 3.
We can downloadólike, so that way you donít have all these frickiní CD expansion packs,
right?
Well, thank you for reading my story for me.
Oh, no, I havenít said anything about what it is.
Well, what I was going to say is that there actually is some speculation that for the
PS3 SingStar, there would be some more data for download via the download service, but
actually SingStar 90s isóactually was announced for New Zealand stores for August 3rd, soó
Yeah.
What kind of songs are in this game?
Is there a song list?
Thereís a gallery.
Oh, hereís a song list.
Never Ever, All Saints, Barbie Girl, Love Shack, One Week, Achy Breaky Heart, with a
big fat typo on the page.
This game already fails.
Unbelievable.
Hey, that was a good song.
Here Comes the Hot Stepper.
It has Stay on it.
Really?
By Shakespeareís Sister?
No, Lisa Loeb.
Oh, dammit.
You Canít Touch This, Bitch, which I donít like that song at all.
Moving On Up, Torn, Step byóoh, New Kids on the Block is on it.
Thatís cool.
This game might be interesting.
Dude, Where the Wild Roses Go.
I fucking love that song.
Is that the Nick Cave song?
And Kylie.
Yes.
Wow, thatís kind of cool.
It has Poison on it.
Wannabe.
I wonder if that game will come out in the US with that.
Dude, Radiohead!
Thatís kind of neat.
R.E.M.
It has Savage Garden, Kiss from a Rose, Baby Got Back.
Thatís funny.
Um, yeah, Zombies on it.
Zombies, Zombies.
Dude, heís got the cure.
Iím getting this game.
Zombies, Zombies, Zombies.
Okay, good.
Uh, letís see, uh, Black Boy in our chatroom says, Sing Star needs more Bjork.
I agree.
Iím a tree that grows hollow, one for it at your back.
See, I do a great impression, donít I?
What was Margaret Cho's impersonation?
Iím sorry that I tried to eat your head.
By the way, thereís this YouTube somewhere of, and I know we talked about it on the show
before, but itís worth bringing up again, itís that funny, where somebody took, because
you know Bjork one time beat the crap out of some reporter in an airport in Thailand?
Well somebody put Street Fighter graphics and music over it and itís really funny,
itís on YouTube somewhere.
Iím sure one of the chatters will dig it up somewhere.
So there it goes.
Something else you can find on the internet is a role in a movie!
Amazing!
And uh, but I donít know if you really want to be in this movie, because itís an UE Bowl
movie.
Uh, heís actually auctioning off a role on eBay for a role in Far Cry.
The bidding started at 2,498 Euros, which would translate to about $3,360 US.
And the winner would get five days on the set of the movie, and uh, unfortunately though,
they would have to cover the flight and the hotel.
So go figure that nobody bid on it!
Interesting.
If I had the money, Iíd do it.
Why?
Because.
Because youíre like, ìHey, look at that!
I was in that crappy movie!î Then I could say, ìI was in the movie and it fucking sucked!î
The official eBay page is all in German, so itís kind of hard for me to make out, but
it didnít sell.
It doesnít look like it sold.
Yeah, he sucks.
Thank you, Tigerclaw, for finding the Bjork Street Fighter video.
Awesome.
Alright, well, uh, stories about UE Bowl make us very angry, so you know what that means,
boys and girls?
Itís time for the FUs of the Week.
Dark Sakura, start us off.
What makes me angry?
What makes me angry is the check engine light coming on on my car, um, because, well, we
checked the, um, all the emissions, everything was clean, there was no problem with any of
that, so I think it just needs to spark plugs, but other than that, it was just really aggravating.
Oh, and one other thing, FU to Office Drama.
And new leather smell on my massage table.
Loki, any FUs of the Week?
Uh, yeah, FU to, um, the key flash component to VGA thing Iíve got, because it doesnít
work like it should, because, you know, my picture shouldnít be flashing on and off
on the screen, that would probably mean itís not working, so, fuck them, and fuck you for
wasting $50 of my money.
Um, my FU of the Week goes to the fact that Iím flying out to the East Coast in 48 hours,
and I havenít done any packing yet, so FU to myself for not packing yet.
Maybe after tonightís show, weíll see.
All right, letís get back into some gaming news.
Well, back to rumors and speculation.
There actually was a little bit from Famitsu announcing that several Metal Gear Solid 20th
Anniversary titles were supposed to be out, so theyíve listed for the 26th of July Metal
Gear Solid Collection for PlayStation, PS2, and PSP, also Metal Gear Solid 3 on PS2, Metal
Gear 20th Anniversary Metal Gear Solid 2, did I just say that?
They listed it twice.
There also is Metal Gear Solid for PlayStation and Metal Gear 20th Anniversary Metal Gear
Solid Portable Ops for PSP re-releases, I guess.
Like, yay, you can just go to your used video game store and get them.
Are they going to re-do graphics or anything?
It doesnít say anything.
Lame.
So itís just basically repackaged, re-priced.
It doesnít say anything.
Whoopee!
Well, I mean, given anything released in Japan, um, thereís always the possibility of having
limited edition stuff that comes with, you know, like forks and plates and things, and
donít laugh because Iíve bought a video game that came with a fork and a plate and
a clock and a pillowcase.
What happened to the dish and the spoon?
Did they run away together?
It had a dish and a spoon with it.
It was that Cardcaptor Soccer game that came out on Dreamcast.
So I wouldnít discount the fact that, you know, something else might come out with it
to make it all kind of, ooh, special, but it doesnít say anything yet.
So Iím not going to put any stock into it until I get something official.
Well, something coming soon, or at least a rumor to be coming soon.
Tony Erickson, of course, the rumorís been going around saying that thereís going to
be a PSP phone coming soon.
Well, apparently thereís been a patent thatís been spotted on the US patent website, and
thereís some pretty hard evidence there showing kind of a prototype of something that looks
like a very thick phone thatís going to have a rotatable screen, almost looks like a PSP,
just a little bit thicker.
Very interesting, though, kind of the same stuff I think we saw before when they were
showing off like the mobile Nintendo games and stuff, you know, where you can pause the
game when you get a call and that kind of stuff.
I donít know.
Obviously no firm plans have been made yet, but something thatís coming soon, Iím guessing.
This thing looks stupid.
It makes me think of the great phone taco.
The N-Gage?
The N-Gage.
I had a phone taco.
I donít getó
What?
You had an N-Gage?
I told you I had one.
It was free.
Loser.
It was free, and we gave it away.
Cheap loser.
Oh, okay, so thatís what it would be.
That makes more sense.
It looks like what would happen is youíd actuallyóyouíd have your kind of directional
button and stuff like youíd normally have on a phone, and then that whole screen would
flip around and then you would have kind of like a PSP looking thing.
Itís neat.
I donít know if that would work very well.
It looks unwieldy and kind of crappy like the Blackberries do.
I donít know.
Just you know, PSPs arenít that expensive.
Just stick with the PSP.
Turn the PSP into a phone.
There you go.
How about get a phone, get a PSP.
I would rather have a phone that I can do two things on.
Number one, call people.
Number two, text message.
Thatís frickiní it.
Thatís why I paid 30 bucks for my phone, and I have a nice phone, but if I want to
play a video game, then Iíll just get something thatís dedicated to video games.
I can take pictures with my phone, which is fine because I have a camera and all, but
sometimes you can take pictures with your camera phone when people donít know it.
Okay, that would be a number three.
That would be a number three.
But seriously, this iPhone crap and this PSP phone crap, why donít you just get a PSP
or get an iPod?
How hard is it?
PSPs are pretty large too.
I wouldnít really want to use it as a phone.
Now if somebody gave me an iPhone, I wouldnít disagree, or if I got a big fat discount on
one, I wouldnít disagree, but it was not something that I think is worth 600 bucks
for, and neither would this PSP phone thing be.
I have a phone that works, and I have one PSP, and I have a bunch of DSís.
You could probably just play whatever.
You could probably buy a pretty nice phone for $600, not Apple brand.
Iíd like to think my phone was pretty nice.
It was only 200 bucks a year ago.
I could buy a full GPS system with built-in headphones to talk to anybody in the world
for enough money, but why would I want to do that?
I have my phone.
I think that all of this is ridiculous.
Itís just because people are tech addicts and need to have something that does more
than it needs to do.
All right, well on that PSP, you could play this.
Also being reported in Famitsu is that a new version of Ultimate Ghosts and Goblins is
coming out for the PSP.
Itís coming out in Japan, and theyíre redoing it.
Itís going to be making the game a little closer to its arcade roots.
The number of continues is going to be limited, and players will be forced to complete the
game twice before seeing the ending.
In other words, theyíve made this game even harder than it was before.
Wow.
It was pretty hard before.
So there you have it.
Ghosts and Goblins, it better be hard.
So August 2nd is the day the game is coming out.
No import plans announced yet for the game to come out in North America, but we can all
hold our breath, and maybe weíll get it.
But Iím sure itíll be dumbed down and made easy, just like most of the games they bring
over from Japan.
Who knows?
Maybe weíll die first.
All right.
One more story, then weíre going to get to our Skype line.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or you can call us, Orange Lounge Radio is
our user name.
Iím sorry, two more stories.
Orange Lounge Radio is our user name on Skype.
Two more stories.
My bad.
Well, at any rate, the ñ you remember the whole Second Life exploitation that was going
on?
Didnít we cover that last week?
Did it involve cock-throwing?
No.
Well, at any rate, a Pennsylvania attorney is taking Linden Labs to court because theyíre
ñ sheís saying that they illegally took away the items that were supposed to have
been acquired during ñ let me see the quote ñ allegedly acquired using an exploit by
an SL user.
He was banned, lost everything, and the court actually is denying the request to dismiss
the case.
Theyíve denied it twice.
Thereís actually a big quote on here that says, ìThe case will still need to play out
and only concerns the sum of $8,000.00, however, it appears that greater scrutiny and enforcement
of commerce within Second Life and other virtual worlds is possible and may be necessary.
The commerce, largely characterized by pyramid schemes, faulty valuations, and unreal exchange
rates could be subject to real-world law.î So ñ
Thatís what he made, Third Life.
Yeah, for people who donít want to ñ
Second Life is too real for you.
Go to Third Life.
So if someone steals all my equipment in World of Warcraft, I can sue them over it?
Thatíll be kind of cool, I guess.
Maybe.
Interesting.
Iím suing you for vandalizing my building by throwing cocks at it.
Damn you.
Damn you to hell.
If someone threw cocks at me, Iíd sue them.
Iím thinking I should sue these guys.
Theyíre masters.
They never seem to fail me when it comes to thinking up video game ideas.
Theyíre creating Dirty Dancing, the video game.
Yes, thatís right, Dirty Dancing.
Such a wonderful game, and I donít know what the hell they could be doing with this.
Great idea if they pull it off, but I really wish they put this baby in the corner.
But apparently it says, ìWorking alongside a team at Kellermanís Resort, play through
a fantastic variety of fun mini-games, earned camp dollars to purchase Dirty Dancing memorabilia,
cabin furnishings, and all-important dance lessons with Johnny and Penny.
How will you fare in the end of the season dance contest?î
Didnít they already try bringing back the Dirty Dancing franchise with that Havana Nights
movie or whatever it was that tanked?
I donít know if it tanked, but yeah.
I agree with Wonder Dog Harold.
Wonder Dog Harold says, ìI want Mannequin, the video game.î Hell yeah.
With that one guy with the glasses, what the hell was his name?
The really flamey guy in the movie that was like the assistóoh, God, I know somebodyís
going to yell it in chat.
I know it.
Thatís what I want to see, Mannequin, the video game.
Thatís great.
All right.
Would you play Dirty Dancing, the video game?
Maybe this is what happened to X-Tango.
I donít know.
I want X-Tango.
Would you play Dirty Dancing, the game, Darzagra?
No.
All right.
It was Meshach Taylor.
Yeah, that was theóHollywood was his name.
Thank you.
Thank God his name was Hollywood.
Thank you, Black Boy.
All right.
Letís get to the Skype line, shall we?
If youíd like to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our user name on Skype is Orange Lounge
Radio.
The phones are now open for business, so give us a call.
Weíll just sit here and wait.
Okay, great.
We got some calls coming in already.
Thereís a little bit of a delay, so it takes a minute.
Hi.
Youíre on Orange Lounge Radio.
Whoís this?
Yeah, you already know.
Itís Legend of Zaku.
Hey, Zaku.
How you doing?
What do you think aboutónow, I know youíre into cell phone games.
What do you think about Leisure Suit Larry on the mobile phones?
I havenít seen it yet, but I would assume it has to be text and graphics-based, where
you just have toóbasically, text and images, itís basically the whole premise of cell
phone games just to garner the casual gamerís attention, but yeah, if it works out, thatís
great.
Maybe some pixelated boobies.
Who knows?
Anywayó
Perhaps.
What did you call in about tonight, Zaku?
You know, just random stuff, like the fact thatóI forgot what I was going to sayóyeah,
itís likeóI donít know, I was just getting about Tekken 6 and the fact that all the rumors
about it going to the 360, just in general of how the state of affairs is with trying
to make games, that weíre starting to lose exclusives because everythingís going multi-platform.
Let me ask Dark Soccer a little bit about this, because youíre right.
We didnít talk about Tekken 6 tonight at all.
It just kind of missed our show role, but there was a story about Tekken 6 earlier this
week, just some screenshots coming out, and now the rumor is saying that it will be on
PlayStation 3, but coming to the 360 a little bit later, so I know youíre a big Tekken
fan, girl.
What is it, Tek?
Dark Soccer, what do you think?
Iíd still just stick with it on PS3 myself, just because I think itíll look a little
bit better, play a little bit better, and that Namco has just been all about Sony, soó
Yeah, thatís what I was thinking, but then you also have Ace Combat 6, which is 360.
Itís a timed exclusive, which the PS3 version will come afterwards, so itís kind of like
the universe.
It probably also helps that Tekken 6 arcade hardware is built off the PlayStation 3, so
itís probably pretty simple to port it over to the PlayStation 3.
It might take a little longer for Xbox 360, but theyíre not dumb.
Obviously theyíre going to put it over on the 360 at some point.
And if you looked at the recent mini E3 lineup list that they had, apparently, I donít know,
itís just like all I see is very few exclusive PS3 games from other companies.
I mean, obviously Sony is the only one making their own PS3 games.
Well, who knows, though.
Sony may have some surprises in store.
You canít reallyóI mean, usually the announcements about what weíre going to see at E3 is shit
we already know about that was delayed from last year, so a lot of itís going to be surprises,
but Iím assuming if E3 operates any similar way this year than it did last year, which
Iím assuming will be the same thing.
Chances are itís going to be much smaller, much more closed.
Well, besides that, I mean, the wayó
Weíre probably going to get like third-hand information.
But Iím saying the way the news works, you know?
Right.
I think that will still kind of pretty much be the same thing.
The big boys will get in.
Weíll have to feed off of them eventually.
Yeah, well, you know.
At some point, the rest of the internet will get fed up with it, but weíll just wait.
All right.
Well, anyway, Zach, anything else on your mind before we take some other calls?
Thatís about it.
We New Yorkers have 2DX Happy Sky in the arcades.
Oh, where at?
The same place where we find the only pop music machine in the city, Peter Pan Games
in Queens.
I might have to look that place up while Iím out there.
Weíll see.
All right.
All right.
Later, Zaku.
Bye.
All right.
If you want to give us a call, 877-GAME-OLR or our user name on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Letís go to the phones and take another call.
Hello.
You are on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Whoís this?
Hey, hey, hey.
Hi, Emma.
Hey, Rama.
How you doing?
Hi.
How are you doing?
Hi, everyone.
How did you enjoy your trip out to California?
Oh, it was fucking awesome.
I loved it.
Seriously.
Yeah.
Weíre having a hard time hearing you, Rama.
Get a little closer to your microphone.
I said I had fun.
I enjoyed it very much.
Good deal.
I wanted to somehow make my way out there for a weekend just to have fun.
Weíre a fun bunch here.
Well, what did you want to call in and talk about tonight?
Well, one of the things anybodyís been bitching on me about are pictures, so Iím posting a
link in the chat room right now for the pictures.
Oh, do you have pictures of the panel and stuff?
I have a few pictures of the panel.
Nice.
Itís djronemas.mypockybox.com.
My Pocky Box?
Yeah.
Thatís cute.
Mypockybox.com.
Forward slash gallery.
Forward slash Fonomay2007.
Awesome.
Iím looking at some of the pictures right now.
You got tons and tons of cosplayers.
What was some of your favorite cosplay you saw?
I have to be biased, but I was really going for the Ron and the One-Half cosplays because
thereís been a while where not many people are cosplaying that series, but now lately
this is making one hell of a comeback.
The series is kind of old though, right?
Yeah, but great series like that never old.
Now, one of the favorite pieces of cosplay I saw was actually Jonas, whoís been on OLR
before.
Heís been on this program before.
He cosplayed as a Wii remote.
And he was actuallyó
Yeah, that was him.
You believe it?
That was awesome.
Yeah.
He was actually going to come to the show tonight, but I donít think he got the address
in time of where weíre at now because weíve been in like four different studios.
He hasnít been on the show in a long time, but yeah, that was one of my favorite pieces
of cosplay.
Oh my God, thereís the Dolphy pictures.
Iím trying to findóoh, thereís the OLR panel.
Here we are.
Oh, Sky, who are you choking in this picture?
Which one?
Let me look.
Number 124.
I just posted it.
Iím going to look.
Who am I choking in this picture?
Thatís Drew Nami.
I thought Drew Nami was on the other side.
No, thatís Drew.
Oh, thatís cool.
You got a bunch of like Orange Lawns radio listeners there.
Thatís cool.
I like that.
Definitely.
Very nice.
One of my friends, Ken, he took the picture for all of us.
Great.
Yeah, I noticed that there was a lot of folks there from chat room, like I recognize some
of the folks.
Awesome.
I didnít know you took a picture of my Dolphys on the table.
Yeah, you asked me to do it.
No, the one in the hotel room.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I thought you knew about that one.
No, but thatís cool.
Itís a good picture.
Oh, thatís sweet.
All right.
Anything else you want to share with us, Rama?
The last picture of you and William together in the chat room, the one that everybody loves.
Thank you very much.
Thatís very sweet.
Youíre welcome.
Oh, God.
Is that in the gallery?
Yes.
Are you putting personal pictures?
All right.
Thatís my trip picture still.
All right.
I see, because at the very end, oh, yeah, Dark Sakuraís pinball.
All that stuff at her house.
Yes.
All the crazy pinball in her place.
Oh, yeah.
Thereís my friend John.
How funny.
I decided next year, though, that Iím going to do Lolita Mario.
Oh, yes.
Dude, the gosh-a-mon cosplayers, thatís great.
Of course.
All right.
Well, Rama, thanks so much for coming out.
You are a true fan, pretty hardcore, for coming out all the way to California to see the Orange
Lounge panel and hang with us and go to Fonomay and all that, too, but youíre just awesome.
Thatís all.
Well, plus, it was my birthday the day before.
This was originally like a giant birthday gift to myself.
True that.
Well, happy late birthday a little bit.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Iíll be seeing you this weekend, a couple of coming weekends.
Yeah, definitely.
All right.
I will be posting a forum so we can get things cracking for that.
All right.
Just make sure it happens Sunday afternoon, because thatís the time I got.
Sure.
No problem.
All right.
Sounds good.
All right.
Later.
Later.
All right.
Letís go to some more calls.
Hello.
You are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Whoís this?
Ravenstaufen.
Hello, Ravenstaufen.
Whatís on your mind?
Match game.
Yeah.
What about match game?
I donít know if you realize, but GSM, when they used to do match game online, and I was
really good at it, and I got on the board on TV that said your name on it, I was heavily
addicted to that for a long, long time.
Donít they still do that?
Yeah, but Comcast being dicks, they took off GSM entirely down here, and Iím pissed.
Oh, that sucks.
So thatís kind of cool.
Yeah, thatís right.
You know, we donít talk a whole lot about casual games on the show, certainly, but thatís
pretty cool that they have the, you know, you can play along with the game shows and
stuff.
Iíve actually never done that.
I should sometime.
I love myself some game show network, so there you go.
Yeah, but we cheated sometimes because some people had the, they watch it so many times,
they write down the answers, and they would post it up in the chat room, and we would
get on the leaderboard every time.
It was great.
Awesome.
What else do you want to share with us tonight?
What else do I want to share with you tonight?
Letís see.
Not much.
I just want to just point that out, and thatís about it.
Thereís no one more thing tonight?
Well, I updated my website.
You want to hear about that?
Sure, why not?
Cheap website plug.
Go for it.
Make it quick.
Checkinggame.com.
Oh, I just remembered what I want to talk to you about.
All right, there you go.
What?
Hotel Gus.
Room 215.
I donít know much about, well, I mean, I take that back.
I know about the game.
I havenít played the game because itís just one of those games that is, you know, I canít
play every game that comes out.
What about it though?
Itís not like Phoenix Wright, but I enjoy it.
I thought it was very enjoyable.
What makes it so enjoyable?
Well, you play this guy called Kyle Hyde, and he goes to his place, and the room is
magical.
So this room grants wishes.
So he goes in there, he doesnít know anything, and Iím not going to spoil anything.
So he goes in there, and heís trying to find something out about his friend.
So itís very interesting how all of this comes together.
Interesting.
Well, I mean, I know Mieglatov has the game, so Iíll have to borrow it from him at some
point and give a more fair review on the show later.
Yeah, itís very enjoyable, I thought, but it is a lot of reading.
So for you people that hate Super Paper Mario, youíre probably going to hate this too.
Do you hate Super Paper Mario because thereís too much reading, Loki?
No, thereís not.
Well, there is a lot of reading in the game.
Itís because it gets too repetitive towards the end.
Thereís actual parts in the game where the whole world disappears, and then you have
to run along blankness for about a few minutes, and itís kind of annoying.
Or the Pit of 100 Trials, I know itís a side quest, but itís like 90 minutes of just fighting
enemies over 100 levels.
Itís kind of annoying.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, anything else real quick, Ravenstaufen?
Iím looking at Ramaís pictures in the background.
Anything else, Ravenstaufen?
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
Thatís all right.
Yeah, I just updated my website, and I just want people to know how it looks, techiegames.com.
All right.
There it is.
All right.
Well, thank you so much for the phone call.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
Bye.
All right.
If you want to give us a call, 877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge
Radio.
Hi.
Youíre on Orange Lounge Radio.
Whoís this?
Hey.
This is BlackDevilRX.
Hello, BlackDevilRX.
Whatís on your mind?
Not much.
Iím trying to get a Wii, but San Francisco seems to be out of Wiis.
You know what?
So does Sacramento and a lot of areas seem to still be out of Wiis after all this time.
Matt, you can give us the distribution angle here, I suppose.
What the hellís going on?
Thereís still some coming in.
Itís just slow.
Itís still everythingís under allocations and everything.
Is there a particular time thatís best to check, like Sunday mornings seem to be pretty
good?
No, not really.
I was called with Virgin, and they were like, ìOh, well, we have 20 on Backorder.î
A lot of places are keeping them under wraps until Sundays when they put out their ads.
Thatís why.
For a lot of retail chains.
EB Games hasnít seen one for two weeks.
Wow.
Have you thought about it?
Can you still do pre-orders with these guys, or do they not do that anymore?
I donít know.
I kind of hesitate to do stuff online because I kind of had a real bad experience with it,
but I suppose thatís one thing I could do.
James Patrick in chat says, ìMy Toys R Us got 200 of them on Memorial Day.
I was there trying to get one.
Sold out in 30 minutes.î
Thatís crazy.
My God.
After all this time?
Seriously?
Wow.
I guess that just goes to show, Wiiís still a pretty darn successful system.
Itís pretty amazing.
Itís amazing.
Iím going to get one for myself as a graduation present.
Well, what have you been playing since youíre Wii-less?
Actually, Iíve been playing a lot of Super Smash Brothers on the GameCube.
There you go.
In anticipation for the new one on the Wii someday?
There you go.
What do you think about all the stuff theyíve announced on the site recently, like the musicians
and the power-ups and all that, and using the GameCube controller?
I havenít actually checked out the site lately, but Iíve heard that Snakeís going to be
in there, which is kind of cool.
All right.
Very cool.
I hope they have more of those single-player type modes.
Remember how they had the old-school Mario level that you played Mario?
Oh, yeah.
That stuff was so cool.
I hope they have more of that.
All right.
Well, BlackDevlerX, thank you so much for the call, and good luck on your hunt for a
Wii.
Try Sunday mornings.
Thatís the best advice we got.
All right.
All right.
Later, dude.
All right.
If you would like to give us a call, you can give us a call at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our user
name is OrangeLoungeRadio on Skype.
Weíll take one more call here, and then weíre going to go ahead and call it a night on the
Skype line and do some last-minute stories, although it does seem to me itís been kind
of a slow news week, huh?
Little bit.
Compared to usual.
Maybe itís because of Memorial Day.
It kind of got in the way.
A lot of folks, video game employees, want to go camping too, so there you go.
All right.
I saw some other calls coming in.
I saw some others hitting on the line.
God, my pinball room is hot.
It really is.
And thereís pictures of my garage with my amazing washing machine with my laundry in
it.
Thereís pictures of my huge ass on there.
God, it looks horrible.
My ass doesnít look so bad in that picture.
You see that Rocky and Bullinkle machine?
Uh-huh.
Thatís mine.
Thatís an awesome machine.
I like that.
The Twilight Zoneís mine too because the play board was made on my birthday.
Now, I wish they would have gotten a shot of the bride and pinball machine because it
was all in pieces.
Yeah.
It was being shopped out.
I think it has some problem with the brideís face because we had it all pulled out.
Dan or Will could probably tell you better what was going on with it.
Crazy.
All right.
We finally get another call.
Letís take this.
This will be our last call.
Hi.
You are on Orange Launch Radio.
Whoís this?
I donít time.
I got through.
Gee, whoís Dark Knight?
Hey, Dark Knight.
Itís just a timing thing.
Itís like a minute and a half and weíre sitting here going, ìDuh, duh, duh, duh,
duh, duh.î Well, you got through.
Whatís on your mind, buddy?
I want to talk about something I posted on the website recently about a price cut in
Lumen Falls next-gen system.
Okay.
I mean, I would think that I knew it was coming, but this early was kind of a shocker.
Being this early was kind of a big shocker to me.
Wait.
Read that by me again because you were breaking up a little.
You say price cuts?
Yeah.
I said there might be a possible next-gen price cut.
What makes this information more substantial than that?
To be fair, it seems like every month weíre getting some rumor of an upcoming price cut
and we have yet to really see a big one.
I mean, basically, the latest I got was that they said that Microsoft was going to go first
at the end of the summer and like a $50 drop.
I would honestly think Microsoftís in a safe place right now until Sony drops it.
Well, I donít know.
I think Microsoft wants to try and get down there to compete with the Wii a little more
because honestly, if they dropped their core by $50, theyíd be the same price as a Wii,
right?
Thatís what they was intending.
They wanted to be at least the same price as a Wii, the core.
I donít see why not.
That seems to make a lot of sense.
What do you think, Loki?
Again, I want your angle on this because youíre kind of on the inside in this.
Well, I donít think that they have any firm plans on dropping any price, but obviously,
theyíre probably going to be ready to if other companies do it.
Some console makers are probably going to have to drop the price of their system, but
then again, all these analysts just saying, ìOh, thereís a price drop coming.î Yeah,
thereís a price drop coming eventually.
Theyíre just trying to get out there and say, ìHey, see?
We called it.
Weíre really good at analyzing stuff.
Look at us.î I would say, because weíre analysts, too,
of sorts.
I mean, really, what do we do on this show for the past five years, right?
So I would say if a price cutís coming, itís going to be just before the Christmas rush.
So I would say, honestly, price cuts, I think end of summer is a good call, September.
I would say youíre going to see some massive price cuts in September, but when I say maybe
like 50 bucks, 50 bucks on the 360 and the Wii, maybe even, especially if itísÖ
Oh, no.
The source I got at it from, they said Nintendo might not, would probably not think about
it, but maybe like just maybe the 360 and the PS3, possibly.
What if Nintendo announced this?
Because we still know the Wiis are coming in different colors, right?
Yeah.
Theyíll release the Wiis in different colors with no game included, $199.
There you go.
Yeah.
That would be good.
Yeah?
I think I could do it right there or put in some other type of pack-in, like, I donít
know, demos or I donít know.
But yeah, just take Wii Sports out of the picture, charge $199 for the colored Wiis.
Yeah.
I could probably see that happening.
There you go.
I mean, it just, I mean, I knew it was coming, but I kind of figured maybe you might see
like maybe another year, at least.
Iím telling you, by September, $50 price cuts on Wii and 360, $100 price cut on PS3.
Yeah.
If I was a bad man, there it is.
I say a $100 price cut on PS3.
They have to.
They have to.
Yeah, I know.
Then again, they donít have to, actually, because what they could do is just, since
theyíve already dropped their 60 gig or whatever, dropped the 80 gig at the same price as their
60 and maybe doÖ
Throw in a game or something to make it.
Well, not necessarily throw it in a game, but do the 20 gig price for the 60 gig now.
Okay, then if they donít cut it by 100, theyíll put something in there to sweeten the deal.
That would be theÖ
Right.
Like maybe theyíll drop it by 50, but put $50 worth of extra crap in it, like another
game.
The hard drive increase, like youíre saying, is something like that.
I could see that.
But Sonyís going to have to do something to sweeten the deal.
Yeah.
I mean, worst case scenario is that if, like I said, PlayStation 3 does make that cut,
you probably going to see the PS2 hit the $99 mark.
And then N-Gageís, theyíre going to have to give them away for free.
Yeah.
Because thatís the only way Dark Soccer ever touched one was she got it for free.
And honestly, they may have to pay me $20 to take an N-Gage.
I mean, I saw the thing and I was like, ìI canít believe you told that.î You exactly
told that.
All right.
Well, thank you so much Dark Knight for your call and weíll see what happens on the price
cut front.
All right?
All right.
Thank you.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Lots and lots of comments from chat here.
Letís see.
Rob D. says, ìI wouldnít be enjoying my 360 half as much if I wasnít a member of
an online community.
The Wii doesnít really have much of anything going for it at the moment beyond the Virtual
Console.î Interesting.
James Patrick says, ìPlayStation 2 wonít drop to $99 for a while.
Sony needs the profit from its current price.î Letís see.
James Patrick says, ìPlayStation 3 sales are in the gutter that needs to increase.
Software-wise, I mean, hardware is important too, but software is what counts.î Black
Boy says, ìThe 360 has been out considerably longer than the Wii, but in terms of sales,
Wii is outselling 360 by crazy amounts.î Very interesting perspectives there in chat.
BlackDevil or X says, ìWeíre using the Dreamcast as the minimum bar for sales.î Interesting.
All right.
Of course, if you have more comments, you can always send us an email, mailbag at orangeontrader.com,
and weíll read those emails next week on theÖ actually, not next week, but in two
weeks on the program, because a reminder, there will be no show next week.
Letís go around and see if thereís any last-minute stories.
Actually, I found something interesting.
Yes.
Just some early pictures of the Guitar Hero 3 Les Paul controller.
Pretty freaking cool.
Whatís so special about it?
Well, itís, you know, theyíve done two other Gibson guitars.
They did, you know, probably one of, in my opinion, one of their best, but Iíll, actually
Iím going to link the article in the chatroom so they can see the pictures.
It actually looks really sweet, and the buttons on it are black with the colored outlines.
Itís really a lot different than the other controllers have looked, more minimalist.
All right.
Anything else?
No.
Loki.
Anyway, so, I actually got quite a few things.
First off, some interesting stuff coming out.
Well, first off, thereís supposed to be a rumor that the next issue of EGM is going
to reveal a brand-new Soul Calibur title, not Soul Calibur Legends, Iím guessing, although
who knows.
Maybe theyíre doing that again.
We could use the next-gen Soul Calibur game.
That would be pretty awesome.
A new Soul Calibur game possibly being announced, so that would be kind of neat.
Another rumor thatís going on, apparently a website RPG Gamer had an interview with
NS America, and one of the questions was, according to the Q&A, one of the answers to
a question, ìIs Disgaea coming into any other platforms?î They mentioned the DS.
So you might get Disgaea on the DS soon.
Letís see here.
So thereís an interesting thing going on.
Apparently a certain lawyer type, by the name of Jack, was supposed to beó
Voldemort?
You mean Lord Voldemort?
Yeah, Voldemort, was apparently going to be debating or participate in a debate during
PAX this year.
Of course, itís supposed to be kept under wraps, and no word if heís going to back
out of that one.
I had heard he already did, because he put out some retort toóhe thought it was infringing
on his free speech that they werenít going to advertise his appearance, blah, blah, blah.
Who cares what that asshole has to say?
Another interesting thing is console modder Ben Heck is going to be working on a portable
game system thatís going to be focused around retro games called the Game Port.
Itís supposed to be having a five hour battery life, a 480x234 pixel screen, and video out
for playing on your television, as well as SD card for game storage and etc.
So kind of nifty to see him actually making a console instead of modding them.
Speaking about homebrew stuff, there was a game I talked about on the show a while back
called No Gravity.
Itís kind of like a Descent Free Space type game.
I think I showed it to you, Rob, one time.
The best fucking homebrew game ever on the PSP, and theyíre actually going to have it
finished in June.
Full version will be coming out for free!
And itís really sad, because the game can wipe most of those other PSP games out there.
And itís developed independently and for free.
So check out No Gravity later on this month.
And letís see here.
Another thing thatís kind of interesting, also a trademark, apparently Capcom made a
trademark for Apollo Justice.
Thereís two rumors regarding this.
Some people think itís going to be a new Rival Schools game, because apparently I guess
the school is named Apollo or something like that.
No, itís Justice.
Justice.
Anyways, the other theory is that itís a subtitle for the next Phoenix Wright game.
Well, it could be either or, huh?
Yeah, interesting.
I want more Rival Schools, please.
Alright.
I have a real quick last minute story as well, and Loki, youíll like this one, I think.
1UP recently had an interview with the creator of the Mega Man franchise, and they were asking
about sequels and bringing Mega Man to the next-gen platforms.
And he basically said, ìWell, donít know if we would be able to recoup the cost of
making a game on the next-gen platforms.î But they said, ìCome on, just imagine money
wasnít an issue.
What would you do?î
And he said, ìI think it would probably be Mega Man Legends 3, and thatís not just me.
A lot of the original team members would also love to make a sequel.
They talk about it.
I talk about it sometimes.
I know they love that series, and so do I.
If I were to say right now I have a tiny, tiny, tiny dream that I wish I could realize,
but I donít know if itís possible, it would be to do a sequel in the Legends series.î
Hell yeah, thatís a series that they need to take even further, because these other
series kind of suck.
No, thatís a series they need to shoot in the head, put it down like an old horse.
Put it down.
Give me more Mega Man X, please.
I love the Legends series.
Sorry, Iím a 2D gamer.
I would like to see some type of next-gen Mega Man.
I think itís okay to do a 2D Mega Man.
Continue Legends series on the Wii.
Itís perfect.
I mean, it was an original PlayStation game.
You can definitely push those kind of graphics on that system.
Itís not Mega Man.
Who cares?
I do.
I love Mega Man.
For me, just to have it go 3D in the first place was like ripping out my heart and dancing
the lombata on it.
No, you like the Mega Man X series and the original Mega Man series.
This is a different series.
Just like the Marvel series, how they have like the Marvel 2017 series and the Marvel
Universe series and all this other stuff, well, it doesnít matter.
Just donít have to like this series.
I like this series, so they should make another one.
All I could say is please anything but those tactical games on the DS.
Oh, man.
Oh, my God.
I think we can all agree on that.
That series put it to bed.
Well, going on the same thing, though, that Loki is saying, thatís actually based off
of a completely different series, the Mega Man EXE is what those were.
Yeah, or the Battle Network, thatís what it was called.
Well, it was Rockman EXE.
Put it to bed.
It was actually based off of an anime.
Put a bullet in its head and be done.
Itís not the same type of thing.
This is supposed to be Mega Man.
This is actually something 100% completely different, just borrowing the name.
It makes sense why itís a different type of game.
And James Patrick says in chat, Mega Man, Mega Man Legends, Mega Man X, Mega Man Zero,
Mega Man Battle Network.
Mega Man, stop this.
Stop it.
As long as they donít do a next-gen series that looks like the cover of Mega Man 2 or
something like that.
Okay.
The US Capcom art in those days, I mean, did you see the cover for Bionic Commando?
They were pretty awful.
The only cool game that had any, you know, American redone art that was any good was
like Metal Gear, because the dude looked like, you know, hardcore awesome.
Oh no, the truck half started to move.
The least in Bionic Commando, you can kill Hitler.
Yeah, and you know what, some of the, I always think of the box art even back from the Atari
2600 days, where they had these elaborate artwork on the box, which of course the game
looked nothing like, because it was just a bunch of blocks on the screen.
It was just, I donít know.
Box artís funny.
Anyhow, thatís going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio, believe it
or not.
Letís go around and get everybodyís final thought.
Dark Soccer, why donít you start us off tonight.
Your final thought.
Um, okay, I thought it.
My final thought is ice cream.
Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is this screen for the Wii thing.
It looks kind of neat.
Itís like a portable screen.
I donít know though, I still wouldnít buy it.
Alright, until next time, thank you so much for tuning into and supporting independent
podcasting and independent radio, and weíll see you in two weeks, because thereís no
show next week.
If you enjoy the show, please tell a friend or two, and post a review of us on iTunes
or whatever website you use to get our show.
We really appreciate the support.
Thank you guys so much.
Two weeks!
Two weeks!
Remember that from Total Recall?
No.
I donít remember that.
Bye!
Youíve been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio visits Orange Lounge Productions.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week!
