Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream
twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links
to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
And we are back here on Orange Lounge Radio with this part B of episode number 236 and
this of course is our fifth year anniversary show.
That's right.
On June 23, 2002, we went live for the very first time with Orange Lounge Radio live episode
number one where some of the topics included, God, what were we talking about that week?
I don't even remember.
I think it was kind of more like an intro to the show when we were talking about our
experiences playing various games at Golf Land and things like that.
I remember in episode number two and three early on in the show we started to get into
that whole controversy about how like needles were showing up in the background in DDR Solo.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Back in the day.
But we've grown a lot since then and now we talk about all types of games because as we
said back in 2006 when we merged our shows, we're gaming fans first and music games just
happen to be a little subsection of that.
But I thought for those of you guys that have been listening for as long as you have, unfortunately
the full first episode is on a backup drive somewhere that I wasn't able to access today
so I couldn't find it.
But I do have this.
We used to run little promo spots on our station that would flash back the episode.
So here was the highlight clip, or shall we say, from the very first episode of Orange
Lounge Radio.
Last week on Orange Lounge Radio.
Attention to parents at Golf Land, and this goes for not just Roseland Golf Land, but
any golf land.
Any arcade.
Because Jamie circulates a lot.
She gets around, Jamie.
Oh, yeah.
Baby.
Every different arcade.
Who gets around?
I'm six and arcade four.
If you don't, mother your child.
Baby will.
Yes.
I will spank your child.
If you're not going to do your job, God damn it, I will.
Join us every Sunday night from seven o'clock until nine o'clock.
No, the times have changed.
The times have changed.
But there you have it.
So look, Dark Sakura was kind of a jerk from episode one.
I'm not.
I'm teasing.
I'm teasing.
I got tired of, because ever since that woman tried to change her baby's diaper on the keyboard
mania, I was like, oh God.
In fact, today, I have a modification to that.
If you won't take care of your child, I will have someone kill you, because I'm not going
to take care of your child.
Wow.
I don't know about that.
I'll have you shot in the head.
Head shot for the win.
Press A. Some users in chat are commenting on the quality
of that clip.
That's right.
When Orange Launch Radio started, we were on a dial-up friendly stream.
So the stream you could hear was usable on 56K modems, because five years ago, a lot
of people still were on those.
By the way, do you still own the drive that you have that saved on?
Somewhere.
I don't know.
If you can find it, I may have a way to extract it.
That's cool.
No, I think we have it on CD back up somewhere too.
If nonetheless- If we could get a hold of a certain somebody,
we could get it.
There's a certain angel that might come to our rescue that I know has every episode of
OLR.
You know what?
I'm just going to ask her right now.
If she's around, please do.
On my journal.
All right.
I'll put that up for download or something.
But anyway, so yeah, this is a little bit of an ego episode, I guess.
We're done with the gaming news.
We did it in part A, although I have to say this real quick.
One little piece of gaming news.
Because we tape live on Sunday nights, as we have for the past five years, sometimes
things change as the show is going on, and that's what's happening tonight.
Thank you, Rene, for the news tip here, but Joystiq, that's Joystiq with a Q, just posted
about the whole addiction story and the AMA we were talking about in the first part.
Apparently it's come down the wire that the doctors from the AMA have backed away from
their decision.
They're now recommending that the American Psychiatric Association, who kind of would
be the final judge and jury in this anyway, do a little more research, quote, there is
nothing here to suggest that this is a complex physiological disease state akin to alcoholism
or other substance abuse disorders, and it doesn't get to have the word addiction attached
to it.
That comes from Dr. Stuart Gitlow, the American Society of Addiction Medicine, and also Mount
Sinai School of Medicine in New York.
Things change while we're live.
I kind of figured it would be.
Like I said in part A, addiction is kind of a part of something bigger.
I don't think it's addiction.
I think it's OCD.
Well, anyhow, as we promised here in part B, we have a pizza on the way.
We're just going to...
Our bread and cheese to go with our wine.
We're going to just kind of kick back and relax because, as we've said a lot this evening,
Orange Launch Radio is about you guys.
We get asked all the time, when we started this, there wasn't really a lot on the internet
like us.
There was a few other...
I'm not saying that as an ego thing.
I'm just saying that's kind of the way it was.
There wasn't a lot of...
I'm not trying to say we were pioneers or whatever, but there wasn't a lot of live gaming
shows that taped.
I didn't even find out until years later there was this all-games network that had existed
for 10 years, but funny enough, we started while they were on hiatus because of G4 and
everything, and Scott working at G4, and now it's kind of funny that we work together,
but regardless of all that.
I just say that because I know we've gained a lot of listeners thanks to our partnership
with all games, but there wasn't a lot like us when we started, at least that we knew
about.
It's kind of interesting because now that podcasting is so huge, and essentially any
idiot with a microphone can have a podcast, which really any idiot with a microphone before
could do an internet radio show.
There weren't a lot of people motivated to do it.
It wasn't an easy thing.
We really have to distinguish ourselves.
We get asked a lot, why should I subscribe to your show when there's like 500 other shows
out there I could subscribe to about games, and we've always said because we have true
live interaction.
We like to pretend we're sitting around at a big table with our listeners and just talking
about the latest in gaming.
Sometimes we break stories, although we probably won't be breaking them too much more in the
future, but we're not usually thought of as a source for breaking news.
There's plenty of other game blogs who are paid to bring you breaking news.
We don't get paid for this.
That's kind of what distinguishes us from everybody else is the listeners, the chatters,
the live interaction that we have.
Tonight during part B, we're going to open up the Skype line and let you guys take control.
The Skype line is open, it's 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is orangeloungeradio.
Just give us a call and it's open and you can talk about pretty much anything.
It's an open forum tonight.
If you want to say congratulations, then cool, we'll take that and be very thankful for it.
If you want to ask us a question, you can do that too.
If you want to talk about what's been big in gaming for the past five years, you can
do that too.
Let's start it off with a call and we're going to go over here first.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi, guys.
This is Footy Monster from Argentina.
Wow, I got the first call.
You did?
You got the first call, Footy Monster?
Good for you.
What's on your mind?
Well, first of all, guys, I just wanted to say happy fifth birthday.
You've been with me at least for the last two years when I've actually found you guys
right before you went into iTunes and it's been a great two years, dude.
It's amazing.
We've been there every Sunday, give or take, and it's pretty cool to have that familiar
voice go with you all the time.
I appreciate that and I don't know the other field, but from my perspective, having a listener
from a far away, quote unquote, place like Argentina is really cool to us.
The fact that the internet makes the world smaller in that regard and that we're able
to sit around and talk about gaming, for me, it's very cool and I love hearing from the
international people.
Don't get me wrong, I love the US citizens too, but hearing from the British folks that
call in, the Australian folks that call in, Argentina folks that call in, it's really
interesting to hear what gaming is like in your neck of the woods because we don't always
get to see that here.
Well, actually, yeah, I called before about it once and basically there's no official
gaming market here, so everything's got a market like a 360 cost $700 and a PS3 cost
$1,400.
Do you get a lot of gaming fans down there?
There is a lot.
I mean, here, there is still an arcade scene, so to speak, so we will see a lot of pump
it up, DDR, maybe some guitar freaks, maybe, just maybe because there's like a few machines,
but like the King of Fighters crowd is still there, they go to the arcades because those
things are still affordable, so to speak.
Okay, I get that.
That's cool.
Very cool.
And I mean, here, the PS2 is still full blown.
There's no next gen here yet because you can seriously go buy a backup of a PS2 game for
five bucks.
You got any questions for us tonight or anything you wanted to say?
Because if you don't have anything for us, we'll grill you.
I mean, yeah, I actually have one question.
What do you have to say to, I mean, as you know, after iTunes and after all these gaming
podcasts came out, many of us, of the listeners, actually started our own ventures into the
thing.
Myself, I don't know if you guys remember, I have my own show, The Ultimate Quest, it's
an RPG exclusive show, which just started out like a few months ago.
Good plug.
I mean, yeah, I'm just, I tried to mention it there.
But what do you say to us that actually are starting out?
How do you, what do you tell us, maybe a good advice or something that helps us keep at
it when you're like life sucks and you don't want to edit the show that day and you just
want to not do that thing that week?
What's your advice to all of us who are starting out?
I say the sooner you get it done, the sooner you don't have to do it again.
Get it out of the way, out of spite.
I told you, everything I do practically is motivated by spite.
And porn.
No, not so much the porn.
Life is things to go.
That's why my show kind of stopped twice.
Here's my advice, Footy Monster, if you're doing the show, and I'm just saying this in
general, I'm not saying this at you, but in general to anybody who's thinking about starting
a podcast doing this, if you are doing this program or if you're doing a program to try
and get more listeners than anyone else or try to get a listener count that's through
the roof or to try and get a listener base that's the biggest one you've ever seen, you're
doing this for the wrong reasons.
Yeah, I wouldn't even start if that was the reason because I used to crowd and there's
no listeners.
You have to know though, there are people out there that that is their sole motivation
is attention.
And don't get me wrong.
Attention is lovely.
I mean, the attention horse side of me is what keeps me motivated for the past five
years.
Attention can be bad sometimes.
Yeah, attention can be bad as we learned a couple months ago.
But regardless, you've got to do this because especially in these panel-based shows, you've
got to really like the people that you're hanging out with.
You know, you've really got to love the topic that you're talking about.
Or be able to fake it.
You know, and I'm sure there's been those weeks where I've wanted to come in here and
choke a bitch, namely Jamie.
But at the end of the day, I love her and she's wanted to punch me in the face on several
occasions.
Really?
Really?
Well, just like an example, you know, I came in the start of the show kind of bummed out
and I'm all happy now, but of course I also have alcohol down.
But no, for real, and I'm not saying that, you know, that's very rare that that kind
of thing ever happens where like, you know, I'm like, oh, I'm mad at somebody tonight
or I'm mad at the world and I'm going to take it out on Jamie tonight or Loki or whatever.
But it's like an opportunity for us to get together and just kind of like, this is kind
of how I hang out with Jamie.
And these days, I used to live with Matt, but now this is how I hang out with him.
You know, it's kind of through this show.
Yeah, you never call.
You never write.
That's not true.
What am I supposed to think?
That's not true.
Rob has left me.
To us listeners, it seems like you guys are hanging out like 24-7 because the chemistry
that you guys have on air, it's just amazing.
And it's like brothers and sisters.
You want to poke them in the eye just because you're annoyed at them.
And that's what it is.
Jamie's my gaming sister.
Matt's my gaming brother.
Poking in the eye.
I've never thought of that.
She has glasses, though.
I can't do that.
I have protective eyewear.
Roar.
Well, Footy Monster, we've got to let you go so we can get some more calls, but thanks
so much for calling in.
Appreciate it.
Okay?
All right.
Well, you guys keep it up.
And happy 5th anniversary.
Let's hope there's another five more.
Appreciate it.
And hey, quick question for you.
How long have you and the girl in your icon, who I believe was Canadian, how long have
you two been together now?
We've been together three years and a half, and I'm actually going to see her in a month.
So yeah, yay me.
Congrats to you two.
I just want to point out to Loki and Jamie, look at that cute little icon there.
They're kissing.
Ah, get a room.
Get a room.
Aw.
I can't see.
I can't see with your big, fat shoulder.
Sorry.
I'm just clicking away because other calls are dropping in.
Oh, that is cute.
All right.
There you go.
All right, guys.
Well, I'll let you guys go so you can take more calls.
All right.
We had to embarrass you on Air Footy.
My turn.
All right.
Take care, Footy.
All right.
Bye-bye.
See y'all.
All right.
You want to answer our call, Jamie?
Yeah.
Click the button.
I'm going to give you a good one, Jamie.
Hey, this is Orange Mountains Radio.
What the hell do you want?
It's Ravenstaufen.
Hi.
Hi, Dark Sakura.
You scared me.
Good.
What do you want?
What are you selling?
Amway?
Never mind.
My podcast, but I'm not going there because I agree with you.
If you're doing this for the wrong... If you're doing this for listenership, no.
Do it for the love.
Absolutely.
I do it for drugs.
You know what, Ravenstaufen?
You of all people are a very interesting person to be making this point, and I say this with
the most love in my heart here, is that you get a lot of shit, not only from this program,
but I know our friends over at AllGames.com constantly give you a hard time, yet you don't
let it faze you one bit.
You really don't.
You keep coming back.
It's obvious to me, despite whatever people think of you and your phone calls, you got
a lot of love for gaming and for this community, right?
I have a bunch of love for this community and video gaming.
I really do.
I've been gaming since I was three.
Three.
Amen.
You've got me beat.
I started when I was four or five, I think.
I don't remember.
Where were you when you started gaming, Darzaka?
Do you really want to know?
Yeah.
I think I was three when The Odyssey 2 came out.
The Odyssey 2, I believe, came out in 1979, which I turned three in 1979.
I know that dates me.
I turned three in 1979, so if that shows, that was my first gaming system.
Loki, what about you?
I played the ColecoVision.
I don't remember.
It's like round four.
My mom was playing Pac-Man when she was pregnant with me.
Wow.
So it runs in the family.
Pong.
Pong.
Sorry.
It runs in the family.
And pinball.
Very cool.
Wow.
What was your first game, Ravenstaufen?
Believe it or not, it was Super Mario World for the Super Nintendo.
Thank goodness.
Oh, you kids.
You were three when that came out?
I was three.
Oh, my God.
Sorry.
I feel old.
I know.
You just reminded me how old I am.
No, no.
No worries.
No worries.
It's all good.
I'm sorry I missed out on all the 8-bit action, but it's not my fault.
Smurfs and Bump N' Jump.
Dude, I hella remember Smurfs in the Atari Smurfs.
Our game was Mouse Trap.
And we had Turbo, but we had a setup for Turbo.
We would grab a chair and a TV tray and put the driving wheel on top of it.
That was where my addiction to peripherals came.
And Donkey Kong Jr. and Kongo Bongo.
Those are the other ones.
Good times.
Two more things for you, Rob.
Venture.
What was that?
Two more things, Rob.
All right.
I have a story for you.
This is down in OLR.
This is a serious story.
The first time I listened to you, I'm sorry, but I didn't like it.
And if I wasn't getting locked out of my house, I wouldn't have done this show again.
I wouldn't listen.
What was it you didn't like about the show, out of curiosity?
Believe it or not, I was a huge PSP fan.
The first show I heard was like, oh, Jamie was talking about her puppies.
Like, shit.
I don't want to listen to a bunch of people talk about Nintendogs.
I don't have puppies.
No, Nintendogs.
Oh, my Nintendogs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Remember when that game was the huge fad?
All the five seconds I played that game.
Dude, remember all the hype around Nintendogs?
It was like, seriously, and I contributed to this.
When I played the game at E3, it was one of the best things I saw at the show.
Loke, you in All Out, you bought like three copies of the game.
Why did I do that?
The game lasted five minutes.
It was like a five-minute game, and then it was over.
It was no replayability.
It's like I had to constantly take care of these things.
Fuck this.
The Rob D in chat says Nintendogs still sells a ton.
Go figure.
Wow.
Yeah, if I didn't get locked out of that door with my new wireless router, and then I listened,
and then when you mentioned Nintendogs, aw, that had me again.
Aw.
Well, okay.
I'm glad we won you back, and you've definitely brought a lot to the show.
I love you guys now, because I can tell you that I wasn't very happy at first, but with
all the love in my heart, I love you now.
Aw, we appreciate that, Ravenstau.
We love you too.
That makes me feel warm and special.
And she's confused and doesn't know how to take that.
Oh, she drinks.
One more thing, Ravenstaufen.
I had to go for the alcohol.
Let's hear it, Ravenstaufen.
One more thing.
You know, you do these live shows all the time, and I'm starting to do live and failing
at it a little bit, but how do you keep, how do you not fail at it?
Like you normally do.
You keep doing it.
We do fail at it.
You just don't notice.
Okay, this is my opinion, and this is from doing my show and this too, is that I think
I'm fucking up every episode, okay, but after a while, you know, people are like, oh, that
was fun, that was fun.
I'm like, it was?
And so you just keep doing it until enough people tell you that it's fine.
For me, and this might be a weird thing to bring up, but some people go to church every
Sunday night, and they make it a habit, and they do it every single week, and I'm not
a religious person, and really my religion is not the listener's business anyway, but
you know, this in a way is kind of that same thing, where it's church.
This is where we go every week.
We make it a point to sit here and do this, and you know, granted, some weeks we don't
make it, especially as of late.
I don't know if it's senioritis or what.
We've missed a few shows here, and I mean, we were really good.
We were like Bobby for the first hundred episodes.
I don't think we missed a single episode until like in the hundreds somewhere.
I did.
Did you?
I did too.
You missed a lot of shows.
Regardless of that, though, but one of us may be gone one week, but we can still keep
it going.
That's what we've got that Bobby doesn't have, which makes his accomplishment very, very
even more impressive, but you know, I don't know.
You just kind of think of it as this is that hobby you have every Sunday night that you
do.
But I'll tell you this.
I've been listening since you did the part A, part B thing, all of them, every single
one of them.
I really appreciate it, Ravenstaufen.
Oh, oh.
Yeah?
They want me to say this line.
Should I say it?
All right.
Go for it.
Okay.
It's an inside joke.
All right.
Thanks, Ravenstaufen.
We've got to let you go, buddy.
Bye.
Bye.
Yeah.
We've got to keep each call to like five minutes.
It's Loki's turn.
We've got a lot of calls tonight.
All right, Loki, you get to answer this call.
Let's see.
Who am I going to let you answer?
How about this one?
Hey.
Who is this?
Ah.
It's Airman.
It's a crank call.
Is somebody there?
Hello.
Frickin' crank calls.
All right.
Loki, you don't get out of it that easy.
You get another call.
Here you go, Loki.
You get this call instead.
Ah.
Loki, you get this one.
I get three calls.
Hi.
This is Orange Lunch Radio.
Who is this?
Hey.
What's up, guys?
It's TheRavdee.
Hey.
How's it going?
Yo.
Not too shabby.
Got to congratulate you on the 500th episode, obviously.
Well, thank you.
Well done.
I'm in the 500th, fifth years, whatever it is.
I'm in the...
Sorry.
Yeah, 500 would be like the 10-year.
God damn.
If we're still doing this show at 500 episodes, I want a gold watch, for God's sake.
There you go.
But I do have a question for you guys, too, relating to your fifth year.
What's up?
500th episode.
All right.
What are the most disturbing trends you've seen in gaming, and what is the best trend
you've seen in gaming?
I have an answer for this, but I'll let you guys go first, or if you want to, sometimes
think home.
The most disturbing trends in gaming?
I would have...
The baby stage of Parappa?
No, I haven't played that, so I don't know.
No, I would say probably the most disturbing trend in game is this focus on...
I guess a lot of the games seem to be repeating themselves.
Sequels.
Too many sequels, or even better, too many fucking spin-off games, like Square.
Let's see.
Perfect example.
Final Fantasy VII.
Final Fantasy VII should only be one game.
It's Final Fantasy VII.
We don't need Final Fantasy VII, A, B, C, D, E, so on.
That's annoying.
Also, this whole thing with violent video games and people targeting stuff.
I don't think video games are that much more violent than they were years ago.
It's just the technology has gotten better.
The way that they're displayed is more graphic.
Whatever.
It doesn't matter.
You've got more mainstream, and you've got people finally realizing that games aren't
just for kids.
I attribute it to society getting wimpier.
I think that people are getting more coddled and more...
For example, when we were kids, who played tetherball and who had metal jungle gems at
school?
Yeah, we had that.
Now what are they?
Plastic and no tetherball.
What the hell?
We used to play dodgeball.
Fuck this tetherball shit.
Even your kids.
Dude, we played smear the queer, which in retrospect is really bad considering how I
turned out.
With us as kids, we were raised in the, oh, well, kids got to take their bumps, right?
You're not going to learn not to fall off the swing set if you don't fall off the swing
set and want to find out that the ground is hard.
Now parents are like, oh, we need to protect them from all this, and blah, blah, blah.
Let's raise a society of wimpy asses.
You know what?
Part of being a child is learning, and that's it, is learning.
Part of growing up is finding out what is bad in the world, how it feels to fall down,
and you learn from experience.
You don't learn by just being told, oh, that's bad.
Well, you're not going to believe it.
Okay, how do you think science came about?
How do you think our modern level of technology came about?
It became because someone said, oh, I don't believe you, and tried to disprove it.
Well, that's human nature.
Wow.
That was kind of deep.
I was going to say my most disturbing trend is bad ports, Ubisoft, Wii, end of case, EA,
first generation 360 games, there you go.
Bad fucking ports is the most disturbing trend in gaming.
Most Wii games?
Best trend in gaming real quick, and we'll let Rob D give his answers.
Best trend in gaming.
Best trend in gaming.
I would say multiplayer and downloadable content.
I have to say bizarre indie games, with the exception of Irritating Stick.
I'm going to give the big three each one, because I do like that the big three each
have something going for them.
Nintendo, innovation and control style.
Say what you will about the Wii being a one-stop shop.
It's really turned a lot of people onto gaming who weren't there before, so yay, Nintendo.
Microsoft, Xbox Live, king of online gaming, undisputed champion.
Sony, hard to say so far, but home looks very innovative as well and could be very cool.
Pending on that, but certainly not the brown-eyed judgment, which also would be my runner-up
for worst trend in gaming is cameras.
It's a brilliant idea, but nobody's used it well yet.
Nobody.
Rob D, what do you think?
Well, my best trend in gaming, I'm going to have to agree with Loki and Sky on this one.
Definitely Xbox Live and the rise of online gaming on consoles.
With the online community, I've seen and taken part in the Xbox 360, it's a wonderful thing.
There's just no two ways about it.
I swear to God, I'll be there for Hold'em eventually.
I'll hold you to that, but worst trend in gaming, I actually have to kind of go the
opposite route of Dark Sakura, because I really think that a lot of publishers are being pushed
in a direction to squash some games that may or may not sell well or that people, the analysts
may think won't sell well.
On the DS, there are more independent games and there are some companies more willing
to take a chance, but when you see these development costs rising and rising so much on these next
gen systems, a lot of games don't necessarily get to be released.
That's a shame.
All right, well there you have it, so rising development costs, hmm, remember when games
were made by one dude?
Some of those Atari 2600 games were made by one dude and now they're like multi-million
dollar productions.
They don't have to be, I mean they don't really have to be to be successful games.
That's the thing, people, especially publishers and developers are kind of under this impression
that they need to really push the envelope as far as realism in games and that's not
necessarily the case.
I mean, you don't need to be realistic in order to be a good game.
Black Wolf and Chat, excellent point, Ultima was made by one dude.
Now the original Ultima is for me, excuse me, not that incredible of a game, but the
trend that it started, huge.
So anyway, Rob D...
Remember Adventure on the 2600?
Made by one guy, Warren Robinette, and then he's directed there.
Isn't that phenomenal, Adventure?
Think about how many hours you spend on a game like Adventure, just phenomenal.
Rob D., we've got to wrap it up, let some more people through, but any last thoughts?
Not really, that's all I've got for you guys, thanks for taking my call and I hope you guys
go for another, well, five years if you want to, I should say that, because...
We'll try our best.
...if you don't want to, then you've got to stop at that point.
And if you want to hear more of the Rob D., as you should, he's a great radio host, you
really do have a voice for Radio Rob D., it's amazing, tdig.allgames.com, check it out.
Exactly.
This day in gaming.
But I'm done with pimping.
Enjoy the rest of your show.
All right, have a good one, Rob D., appreciate it.
My turn to take a call, let's go, I'm going to go to a telephone call and see how that
one turns out.
Let's do this one.
Hi, you're on Orange Hawn's Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Scott.
This is Yuri Lover.
Hi, Yuri Lover.
What's up, Scott?
Hey, good, how are you?
Hello!
I'm good.
Hey, Dr. Gary.
Hey, I'm lucky.
I just want to say congrats on a big five, all right?
Thank you.
You'll be starting kindergarten soon.
He's very cute.
Exactly.
We got potty trained.
We were in preschool already and now we're this many.
We're this many.
Wait.
Now, oh, all right, did Uncle touch you in the no-no area at all?
Did they?
Did he?
Did he?
No, but Loki's been kind of messing with my mind over the past couple years, so I guess
there's that.
Okay.
Talk about games for Christ's sake.
What do you want to say about games?
Well, okay.
I was going to get to that.
I was going to get to some great gaming affairs that I know of, EA and Westwood, Maxis, and
every other goddamn company bought out by EA, me and your mom last night, Microsoft
and Namco, Apple and Nintendo, and OR and GameTaps.
Why do you got a T on me?
Why?
Why do you got a T on me with GameTaps?
Wait.
Oh, well, you know, GameTaps, well, it's just a matter of time before they start buying
it, what they kind of have because they got those independent releases as well, but yeah,
very interesting.
As with a lot of corporations, you see the big gaming companies kind of merging and merging
and merging.
What do you think?
I'll pose this question.
What do you think has been a great partnership and what do you think has been a bad partnership?
Does anybody want to try and answer this one?
EA and anybody?
Has it been a bad partnership?
I don't know.
Oh, or a good partnership?
I think that's a bad partnership, yes.
I think they just ruined the Command and Conquer series.
Alright, why?
Oh, I was going to say ruin Command and Conquer?
I think the he who shall not be named and law is a bad combination.
Lord Voldemort and the study of law.
No, he who shall not be named.
No, not Voldemort.
Not Voldemort.
No.
Just...
No, I'm not going to say it on the air.
I would say a bad partnership was Nintendo and Sony.
No, that might have been a good partnership.
Oh my God, the PlayStation one on the net?
Yeah.
If you think about it though, maybe not.
Maybe that was actually a good partnership, because if that hadn't happened, maybe the
PlayStation would have never come out.
The PlayStation and PlayStation 2 certainly have changed the face of gaming, so maybe
that was actually a good partnership.
Maybe that's not fair for me to say.
How about this, bad partnership, bad, bad, bad, bad, what the fuck were you thinking
of partnership?
Phillips, CDI, and Nintendo.
There you go. Everybody can agree that was bad.
Or what was it that, um...
No, it was the CDI that was playing Sega CD games, wasn't it?
Um, no. See, I don't think the CDI ever played Sega CD games.
It was one of those offshoot ones.
Um, what about a good partnership?
I can tell you one, I think, if it ever happened.
Sega and Microsoft with the original Xbox.
Uh, how there were rumors going around that the Dreamcast was going to be on the Xbox?
Or the Dreamcast games were going to be playable?
Uh-huh.
They made it, well, in different ways.
I would have loved to have, like, guitar hero or popping music on my Xbox or something.
I would say a good partnership has been Square and Enix.
I think a lot of people had a lot to fear from that merger.
But, um, you know, the momentum hasn't really stopped.
And there's been a lot of really good games that have come out of those companies.
Uh, Final Fantasy, Dragon Quest VIII, you know, we're still seeing a lot of good stuff.
Granted, Loki's problem with sequels, you know, they do have that problem.
The laser interactive, that's what it was, sorry.
Bad partnerships so far, at least.
Konami and Hudson, actually.
Because, to be honest, Hudson, everything from that division has really sucked lately.
Uh, Bomberman, you know, Act Zero, uh...
That game doesn't exist in my universe.
You know, uh, I don't know.
Hudson, I mean, they've got some good things going for them, but I know they love Bomberman.
Okay, great. But let's get past Bomberman.
Let that series take a rest for a few years, you know?
You don't need to release a new Bomberman title every fucking year.
Well, the Xbox Live Arcade one looks pretty good. I'll let them have that.
Well, hey, how about positivity? What about the good partnerships?
Square Enix.
Well, yeah. I actually, um, was going to say, um...
This is an old one, but Bleem and Sega.
Even though Sega didn't really have any authority over it, Bleemcast.
Good times. You got playing the PlayStation games on the Dreamcast?
It was only certain ones, but I was, keep in mind, I am the biggest Tekken fangirl ever,
and Tekken 3 on Bleemcast was, like, better than the arcade. It was beautiful.
I was like, hell yeah, take me now.
All right, Yuri Lever, what about you? Anything you want to add to this?
Um, not really, but I just want to say congrats again.
My parents are sort of getting pissed off right now because I'm talking on the phone to total strangers, what they think.
They don't give a stranger than Rob.
All right. Well, we're sorry, Mom, and we're sorry, Dad, and yeah, so we'll have a good one.
Oh, don't worry. It's my dad's birthday. He'll just get pissed off tomorrow.
Well, he's got a good birthday, then. Happy birthday.
All right.
Yeah.
All right, we'll see you later, Yuri Lever. Have a good one.
Wait, one more thing.
Do your parents know you're a Yuri Lever?
They don't know what it means.
Oh, I get it. Okay, never mind. One more thing, yes.
It just means that you like snow.
No, not snow. You like lilies.
Let him have his one more thing, yes.
Res trans vibrator.
Best peripheral ever, res trans vibrator.
Yeah, it is.
Until three feel comes out, yes.
All true.
All right. See you later, Yuri Lever. Thanks for the call. Have a good one.
All right.
Hey, Rob, before we take a call, I have to tell you about something that someone reminded me of in the chat room.
What's that?
I found a YouTube video of someone using the Mugen emulator to put the R-type ship into Super Mario Brothers.
That's awesome.
And played through the first level of Super Mario Brothers with the ship from R-type.
That's awesome.
Anyway, I'm going to answer this one.
Let's do some more calls. Are you going to do email bag tonight?
Yeah, I am, but I need to answer this.
Let's do some more calls. All right, we'll let you take a call here.
What?
Hi.
Hi.
I fear the Jamie. This is Junami.
I know.
Hi.
You don't sound like yourself.
How are you?
Maybe because you screamed in his ear. I don't know.
Yeah, I think that was it.
What do you want?
I'm just saying hi and happy fucking birthday.
Yeah, we're going to SacAnime, right?
Yeah, we are.
When is that again?
That is middle of July. I believe it's July 14th and 15th.
We are so there.
SacAnime.com.
You're going to cosplay with me, right?
I might if I can.
Nerds.
Fucking nerds.
Hey, Rob, you know what?
Do we ever get a panel on that?
I don't know.
Explicit was looking into it for us.
To do a panel at SacAnime.
So what do you want?
Somewhere in the basement of the Scottish Rite.
You've got to have a topic.
I'll give you a topic.
Gothic architecture is neither Gothic nor architecture.
Discuss.
I don't have any arches. I have flat feet.
Drew, you've been a longtime listener of Orange Lounge Radio.
Yeah.
Best thing that ever happened on this program?
I'd have to say episode 69.
I feel bad because Jamie wasn't there for that.
Is that the weekend I was sleeping in the Harry Potter room?
Why do you think it was the best moment?
Oh, shit.
What?
Did you hear what Drew said?
He said, why do you think it was the best one?
I know where you live.
Yes, you do.
Maybe you could give me a ride home?
Okay.
No.
That's the story behind episode 69.
Jamie was gone for a week, and our friend Janae came on the program.
And Janae was having fun with it because she thought it was a phone sex line.
And the fact that it was episode 69 didn't help any.
So it was episode 69, and that's when Karaoke Revolution, the very first one, was brand new.
And back in the day, we used to fuck off so bad on the program.
We didn't have these set topics.
I mean, every program was kind of like tonight in a way.
It was the three-hour tour.
Exactly.
And it's so weird how we've become organized since then.
Wait, wait, wait.
We're organized?
Yeah, somewhat.
When did this come about?
Karaoke Revolution got broken out.
Loki gave his most infamous performance that in some ways has scared him off from ever
doing karaoke again.
So I asked Loki, is episode 69 to blame for your fear of karaoke?
I just hate karaoke, and I don't know why I didn't.
You made me do it last time.
Karaoke hates you.
I told him he was kicked out of the apartment if you wouldn't do karaoke or something.
I don't know what I wrote it with.
I did it twice.
We're going to pick the song at random.
Great.
And then, of course, he changed the lyrics to I'm Coming Out to I'm Staying In, I Like
the Pussy, or something like that.
It was so frickin' funny, we were peeing ourselves laughing.
It wasn't that fun.
I'm sure there's a bootleg clip floating around somewhere.
That's what I need to send to Scott for the all-game soundboard.
I've got the MP3s.
Do you?
But I'm not sharing.
Alright, Drew, we had milkshakes.
I believe that was the episode that milkshake won the cage match.
I've got to run for just a minute because the food's here.
Matt, please take over, Jamie.
Food!
I know, God.
I could really use some pizza right now.
I've got pizza.
I don't give me pizza because I'm on the floor.
Haha!
Floor for you!
No pizza!
Wait, it was Loki on the floor that time.
Dude, okay.
I think that we should have the official Orange Mountains Radio BBQ.
Yeah, that would be a good idea.
At my house.
Glad I thought of it.
I am not high.
No, you're drunk.
Damn, I am not high.
I'm just me.
You're drunk.
Okay, fine, I'm drunk.
You got me.
Just because I have corrupted you.
I have good beer this time.
What do you have?
Tell me what you're drinking.
I have arrogant bastard IPA.
Not bad, however, I can do you better.
I've got Guinness in the fridge at home.
And I'm never buying cheap champagne again.
Oh my God, this stuff went right to my head.
Should I mill you some waffles?
No, damn it, I don't need waffles.
Waffles, waffles.
I paid you back your waffles, didn't I?
Yeah, a long time ago.
Okay, I forgot.
Rodney Sabrina's our pizza.
Waffles.
Dude, I could actually go for waffles instead.
I could go for pancakes right now, okay?
So, okay, tell us something relevant.
Like, talk about what do you think in the past five years of our show
you think the best game release has been?
The most innovative, game of the year type game?
Katamari Dimashti.
Why do you feel this?
No contest.
Food!
Oh my God, food.
Okay, I'm not talking to you anymore, there's food here.
I see how it is, I see where your priorities are.
Alright, anyway, what's hilarious is I took the excess furniture out of here for tonight's show,
so I put the pizza on the floor, so Jamie is scurrying to the floor to grab the food.
Watch it be the wrong pizza.
Hey, they give you coupons? They never give me coupons.
I know, I'm special.
Now everyone is on the floor for pizza, it reminds me of number 29.
Alright, Drew, we gotta let you go, because we have a bunch of other calls coming in.
Alright, later dude.
Oh no, vagina puppies!
Shut up, bye.
Objection!
What a nerd.
Alright, who's answering this call? Loki, it's your turn, right?
Yes.
Alright, then answer this one.
Hello vacuum cleaner, how's it going?
Holy shit, what's that?
I don't want to know.
That was not good.
I don't want to know what they're doing.
Whoever just called us, please give us a call back a little later,
when you've called echo 123 is what you want to call,
to always make sure that your internet connection is working.
And cleaned up.
You don't sound like a vacuum cleaner.
No problem, it happens dude, no problem.
Alright, Loki, how about you try this one instead?
Okay, hello, who is this?
Hello, this is Insanist reporting live from Duck Island.
Duck Island?
How's it going?
It's going well, congratulations on five years guys.
Thank you.
I'm going to celebrate by taking pizza.
What the crap is Duck Island?
You don't remember that?
No.
Okay, remember the show where I was absolutely on a drunken rampage in the chat room?
Oh yeah, okay, now I remember, I do.
And a certain individual, who will not be named Rob,
asked if I've ever been to Duck Island.
And I responded with, your mom goes to Duck Island,
and Rob laughed like a silly little girl.
Yeah, I know, I do that sometimes.
What do you want to talk to us about?
Well, you guys were talking about good ideas like with companies merging or working together.
You guys missed a really obvious one, harmonics and red octane.
With the whole guitar hero thing.
I mean, honestly, that's probably been one of the biggest game franchises in the past two years.
You're getting a little quieter, put your mouth closer to the microphone.
But yes, dude, you're right, it's really been one of the first partnerships to give Konami a run for its money too.
And you know what, competition in some ways is a good thing, honestly.
Yeah, is this better?
Yes, much better.
Okay.
I was just calling to say congratulations on five years, here's to five more.
I hope my show lasts five months.
Well, how long has your show been going?
Now, you're starting this new show, right?
It's going to be episode four this week.
Good job, and what do you talk about on your show?
We talk about absolutely nothing, so it's pretty much like your show was back in the day I would take it.
Good times, I'm glad somebody's picking up the slack.
Yeah, I have to because I'm the big retarded kid of Orange Lounge Radio.
All right, well, anything else you want to share with our listeners?
Not anything that would get me fired.
All right, good times.
All right, I love you guys.
I love you too, DMN.
Don't get too drunk.
We'll try.
All right, later.
All right, have a good one, DMN.
Speaking of, DMN brings up a good point I want to ask you guys about really quick.
What do you think have been some of the best guests we've ever had on Orange Lounge Radio?
Because, you know, DMN was here once.
We've had a lot of people in and out of this house.
What do you guys think were some of the best guests we've ever had on the program?
Abe Lincoln.
Me and my ego.
No, my favorite guest ever has been Sauce.
And the lesbians.
I think the lesbians have been some of the best guests we've ever had.
Sauce is the best guest.
We have a lot of good women that come on the show, nothing against the men.
I have to say the top three have been Tiara and Kristen and Megzi.
Awesome times.
We're going to go back to the phones and pick up another call.
And Warrior Bob.
He was very good.
He was very recent.
He had a very good radio voice.
He was very good.
Awesome.
All right, well, let's go to the phone lines and take another call.
Hi, you are on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Scott.
How are you guys doing?
Congratulations on five years.
Hi.
This is Scott from All Games.
Well, you know, I've been listening to the show and I've been hearing a lot of people
who seem to just be calling in to wishing you congratulations just to plug their podcast.
I don't really want to mention where I'm from.
I just want to make this about you.
Every call is like, hey, I do a podcast.
Hey, I want to give a shout out on my podcast.
You know what?
This is about you three and this show and it doesn't matter what I do or where I come
from, okay?
Well, I appreciate that, but isn't it funny?
Hey, there's the best guest on our show right there.
Scott.
Oh, you liked having Scott on our show at 83.
That's cool.
Yeah, because Scott dished the dirt on G4 big time on our program.
I did.
That was awesome.
True.
Not a friendly relationship there anymore, it seems.
I only got two letters from attorneys after that appearance.
So apparently, Orange Lounge Radio not only feeds information about games not released,
but it feeds information to legal counsel over at G4.
I would know nothing about that, sir.
Well, I'm asking you because we're just kind of talking about random stuff in gaming, kind
of the gaming scene is that you kind of bring up a good point that everybody and their brother
and sister have a podcast in this day and age because you're right.
A lot of people have been calling in and plugging their stuff, which is fine.
We're all about promoting the indie podcast and I know you guys at All Games are really
big on that, but what do you think can really help a podcast kind of like distinguish itself
amongst all the rest out there?
I mean, do something that no one else is doing and usually that will work when you're doing
something that you're passionate about.
I think you guys hit it on the head when you started out being about Banami because that
was what you were passionate about.
But as you got more comfortable doing your shows, you kind of showed everyone that, hey,
not only are we passionate about that, but we're passionate about a lot of other things
and that's how you kind of expand your show and you get to talk about more varied things.
But I think to start out, you got to start out with something that you're passionate
about and something that no one else is talking about.
If you happen to be into the same stuff that everybody else is into, you can still do it,
but try and come at it from a different angle.
Very good.
Do something different with it.
Good point.
You got to do something to kind of distinguish yourself amongst all the others if you want
to kind of get noticed, I suppose.
Right.
Go ahead.
Well, no, I had a couple of toasts I wanted to give to you guys.
I don't know if you want me to wait for that.
No, go for it.
I've got my champagne glass in my hand.
Go for it.
I drank all my booze already, so here's some Coke.
All right.
What's the toast?
Okay.
Do a line up with the guys back if you're doing Coke.
Okay.
Being a podcaster, I know that you guys, just like we, don't always get respect from
people in the industry, so this first toast addresses that.
Here's to the game developers we love.
Here's to the game developers who love us.
The developers we love will never love us, so fuck those developers, and here's to us.
All right.
Good call.
I like that one.
That was great.
Okay.
And then I have a little haiku, because I know how much you love haiku.
I do love haikus.
I love haikus.
Okay.
Here we go.
And I hope I don't screw this up, because usually Skye corrects my...
It's 575, Scott, 575.
Thank you.
Loki Jamie Skye, a Sunday night tradition.
Lesbians are hot.
I'll drink to that.
All right, we'll toast to that.
Lesbians are indeed hot.
I might be gay, but I love my lesbians.
I'll save my last one for right before I hang out.
Is there anything else you wanted to ask me, or can I just give you guys some more love?
I do.
Well, really, really quick, I just want to ask you a question, because I know a lot of
folks kind of know you as that guy that was on G4 a long time ago and all that stuff,
but I kind of rely on that experience that you've had kind of at the far end of this
industry, kind of where gaming media can go, kind of like all the way to the top, so to
speak.
I kind of ask, is it possible that gaming can ever substantiate that type of media again?
Will we ever have a true gaming channel in the future, in the next five years, do you
think?
I think the problem is that it's going to be difficult for anyone to sustain a channel.
It doesn't matter if it's games or anything else.
I mean, if you look at what's happening now as everything moves to the Internet, IPTV
and broadband and Fios, and if you look at game trailers and IGN and GameSpot, they're
essentially networks about games.
They're just done in a way that this, I think, audience wants to consume it.
The problem with a regular television channel is that people aren't watching regular television
anymore, especially gamers.
They're getting all their content online.
They're getting it when they want it, how they want it, and the model for reaching that
audience just may not be the traditional cable TV model.
If you notice what Spike TV and what G4 has done is they're casting their net to this
wider demographic because I think that once you try to just get gamers on a TV level,
there's a belief, not necessarily that it's true, but there's a belief by both the ad
community and the executives in television that that group, the gamer group, isn't big
enough.
You know and I know there's 150 million Americans and 800 million gamers around the world, but
I think when someone doesn't understand games and they don't know games and they don't play
games, it's difficult for them to believe that the audience is there and that it's big
enough to support a big television network.
I think the way it's going to happen is it's going to be online.
I don't think we'll ever see a traditional television network that's ad supported doing
it because I just don't think that within the age of 500 channels that there's enough.
Now, subscription maybe, like Gameplay HD and Voom, I believe that if they're committed
to keeping that channel a subscription as part of an overall, not an individual subscription,
but an overall HD package, that channel should succeed because, again, it's not reliant on
viewers and ratings.
It's reliant on the overall company, Rainbow Media and Voom, being committed to niche programming
on HD satellites.
I think Gameplay HD is the best chance for a major network.
It just actually got picked up by Cablevision, so we don't have this network.
Cablevision now carrying it as well.
Very good.
So it's Gameplay HD or it's YouTube for the rest of us?
Pretty much.
All right.
Anything else you want to share with us?
There's always all games because today audio, tomorrow video, we're working on getting our
own location and we'll be doing video every day as soon as we get that place up and running.
Of course, I'm very excited for the day that you guys all come down to our place and christen
the new location because as the ashes of Arena fall, so will a new event rise in the heart
of Hollywood with all games.
Awesome.
Wow.
You sound like you spent a couple hours writing that tagline.
I was going to say, going back to what he said earlier about G4 expanding their audience,
I always thought it was more of a polite way of saying they're actually digging through
this syndication dumpster and picking up anything they can that fills space.
It's funny seeing a station like that not so dedicated to games still getting invited
to E3.
Well, I'm sure Scott's sick of hearing about G4.
It's not even about them getting invited.
It's about them spending money to try and appease the few gaming audience members they
have left.
They basically siphoned up all the money they were spending on games.
They got it down to X-Play and a little bit of Attack of the Show and a Cinematheque ripoff
thing.
Really, it's not about E3 letting them in.
It's about G4 trying to keep those gamers because, let's face it, I know it, you know
it, the majority of people that still watch G4, even though it's a very small slice of
people in the world of cable, it's still the gamers.
Nobody is showing up for cops and cheaters and all that crap.
I don't know, I show up for cheaters.
It's all about the few remaining gamers who are holding out that maybe someday they'll
be a resurgent, but it's not going to happen.
Their E3 coverage will probably be okay because they'll have Geoff Keighley and Adam and
Morgan, but that's about it.
And then lots of women in bikinis.
There it is, because that's what gamers really want.
That's what gamers and 12-year-old boys really want.
Scott, we've got to get to some more calls.
We really appreciate you calling in and everything that you do with AllGames.com and supporting
the independent broadcast.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners tonight?
Scott Siegel I want to say that, like you guys have already
laid out for people, this is not about a money-making thing.
It's not about trying to be the leader in podcasting because, let's face it, it's
a very fragmented industry and it's difficult to stand out.
The only thing that can allow you to stand out in podcasting is your passion.
When your passion shines through to the audience, they will show up, they will reward you, not
with money and riches, but they will reward you with the audience.
Your words only work if people are there to hear them.
Whether it's 15 or 500, there are clearly people that love Orange Lounge Radio and they're
the fuel that keeps it running.
It's an inspiration not only to the people that are trying to do podcasting right now
but to people like me because you are the spirit of why I started doing it in the first
place.
I close with this.
Scott, you're very opinionated.
All three of you all have your own opinions about gaming.
I love having you on our show and I love being on your show to debate, so I close with this.
Here's to you and here's to me.
Podcast friends will always be.
Shall we ever disagree?
Then fuck you all and here's to me.
Happy anniversary, guys.
Very well said, thank you so much, Scott.
Take care, buddy.
We always enjoy having Scott on the program.
He's good stuff.
Good stuff.
That was great.
You never know who you're going to hear from here on the call-ins here on Orange Lounge.
See, I really wish we lived closer to them.
I know.
It's a six-hour drive to get down there, but we're going to go.
I've heard rumblings about what they've got planned and it sounds pretty exciting.
I'm pretty excited.
More calls?
I'm still trying to work to go to E4ALL.
Why not?
Or E3.
Or I could do something.
Jamie, how about one more call?
Then you can.
Hi.
Take this call, Jamie.
Hi.
Whoever you are.
Hey.
What?
Dude, the Hulk is calling.
Hello?
What?
Hello?
Hey, it's Satan.
Cool.
Well, hi, Satan.
Hey, boss.
What's on your mind, Satan?
Guess what?
What?
What?
Your five years are up.
Your soul is mine now, bitches.
I had a full refund.
Sorry.
You know, you signed the contract.
Your soul is mine.
You'll have to talk to your secretary about that one because, you know, that Judas does
not know how to keep his paperwork straight.
Okay, don't give me any of this in-line, legally bullshit.
Your signature is on paper.
It's in blood.
Your soul is mine.
Didn't you read the small print?
Dude, I have an addendum to that that's also signed in blood that said that I can get my
soul back by certain means, and I've taken this means, so aha, welcome to the modern
era.
Satan, let's suppose you do get our souls.
And I'll have to sue you for appeals court anyway.
For the fact that we've actually managed to do this show for five years.
Satan, what exactly do you have planned for our souls?
Well, Loki, new job, my right-hand man.
I need somebody with attitude and balls who doesn't give a shit.
Good job, Loki.
Yeah, but you saw the way that Namco made him cry like a little bitch.
I mean, do you really want someone like that working for you?
Now with the power of the almighty evil that is me behind him, nothing will stand in his
way.
Not even a big ball of katamari.
All right, we got you.
And so you, Jamie.
Yes?
You will be forced to watch the series finale of SG-1 over and over and over again.
Because thank you to me, it blew balls.
But I'm Wiccan and don't believe in you.
And Richard Dean Anderson's not in it, so what are you going to do?
There's always a start for something.
End of Rob.
Uh-oh.
My dear, dear Rob.
Yes?
Guess what?
What?
Time to up the ass for you, bitch.
Wait, am I supposed to be your lover like Saddam Hussein?
I don't know about that.
I don't really want that, sir.
You know, it's just the money I can make on pay-per-view by showing somebody sticking
a pineapple up your ass.
That might hurt a bit, Satan.
I don't know about that.
I don't know if I could stomach that.
I will rake it in.
Thank you for giving this show an explicit tag, Satan.
I really appreciate that.
Hey, that's my job.
I am here to lower the moral values of all programs I come in contact with.
I forgot.
You invented all that is explicit.
Satan, you've been listening to this show, obviously, for a while, waiting for this day
to come.
What have you thought?
Hello?
What have you thought about the five years of Orange Lounge Radio?
Well, all I have to say is thank God for custom-made earplugs.
That's kind of messed up, Satan.
I mean, isn't there anything on the show you enjoy?
The pain, the pain, the pain.
U.S. Hilton is having more fun bouncing off the walls of her cell than anybody listening
to you.
You're a real jerk, Satan, and I'm about to hang up on you.
Oh, come on.
You love me.
That's why you signed the damn contract.
But you promised me Dunkin' Donuts.
Anything else, Satan, that you want to add tonight?
Let me think.
Satan, you're a real asshole, you know that?
Oh, he hung up.
Satan hung up.
Satan, you're a pig fucker.
Let's go to another call.
That was brilliant.
Loki, this one's yours.
Hello?
Who is this?
Hello?
Hello?
Who is this?
How's it going?
Hello?
Hello?
God damn, do you know how many edits I'm going to have to do on tonight's show because people
can't get their phones to work or whatever it is?
That's all right.
We forgive you.
Let's go to another call instead.
Loki, this one's yours.
Hello?
Who is this?
Hello?
It's Legend of Zaku.
How's it going, Zaku?
Oh, pretty good.
Where's Scott?
Where's Scott?
Scott?
Skye or Scott?
Scott hung up a while ago.
Skye's right here with an apple pizza.
No, Rob.
No, hi.
What did I just say?
Just congratulating you on five years, that's all.
Well, don't just congratulate me.
I didn't do this by myself.
Yeah, on everyone else, the whole RLR gang, pretty much.
Yeah, I'm just trying to wrestle, trying to get this broken monitor to work.
But yeah, a lot of things have been going on, like that whole Manhunt 2 thing, which
I don't even know why.
It's just that Rockstar, I kind of feel like they're actually pushing it too far.
I mean, I don't know.
I mean, I'm all for violence and everything, but I mean-
I'm really for violence.
Yeah, you have to draw a line somewhere.
You can't go.
You can't be that.
You can't be too violent.
Yeah, but if I want to, I mean, this country was founded on freedom of speech and freedom
of expression and freedom of art.
If I want to do it, shouldn't I be able to do it?
Yeah, but you also have to understand, you can do it, but you're going to have to face
whatever reaction comes back.
That's basically, you have to face the consequence of your own actions.
And that consequence is people thinking you're bad ass.
Like if you call somebody a racial slur, even though you have the free speech to do it,
that's not going to stop you from getting your ass kicked.
Yes, but that's different because that's when you are inflicting that upon someone else
unwillingly, and you're violating their rights.
I do not have that.
I think it's more the difference between having the legal freedom to do something and having
the moral freedom to do something.
Yeah, I guess it's kind of both are intertwined, basically, even though they have the legal
right to do it, it's just, you know, obviously Nintendo or Sony or no other carrier might
even pick that one up, maybe on PC after the whole Delta Only thing.
But yeah, I mean, Rockstar, they have to really learn how to, I don't know, just try to be
violent, but even though you have to maintain a level, you have to maintain a level of,
I can't find the right words to finish it off with.
Dude, can't we all, I mean, can't we all just get along?
Like, can't we just kind of like sit around and have some munchies and some Doritos?
But yeah, the important thing is that even though it got to go only once it's toned down
and shit, we'll sell them so crazy.
I'll tell you that.
All right.
Zaku, you've been a long time listener of the show.
I know you've been listening ever since our Bamani days when we were exclusively talking
about DDR.
What do you think has been the biggest story in the Bamani world that we've ever covered?
I'm not sure.
It's going to be the whole supernova thing.
I managed to get first dibs on it in this country.
Did I hear some water boiling or some bubbles blowing in the background there?
No, anyway, yeah, definitely supernova coming back after such a long absence of DDR extreme,
and then there was nothing, and then finally for supernova to come back kind of really
great at us all.
And of course, Loki will be the first to tell you that he was one of the first five people
in America to play it.
Right, right.
I saw you up there that day.
I mean, yeah, five years is a long time for everything to change.
People coming and going, certain things changing.
We lost a lot of people.
Remember Captain Jack?
Bless his soul.
That's right.
We've been doing this show for five years for Captain Jack.
Yes.
All right, well, Zaku, any other last thoughts for our listeners before we move on?
That's pretty much it.
All right.
Have a good one and smoke one for us, buddy.
I don't smoke.
I know.
I'm giving you a hard time.
Of course you don't.
How dare I insinuate that?
All right.
Have a good one, buddy.
I love Zaku.
Actually, I've met him.
He's a good kid in real life.
He really is.
We give him a hard time on this show sometimes.
That's because we do that to our listeners who've called in a bunch.
Let's go to another call.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lawn.
Oh, we're supposed to get to your segment, huh, Jamie?
I'm sorry.
I promise.
I have to answer the one call I've been telling you to.
Okay.
We'll get a couple.
Here we go.
Hi.
Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Hello?
Hello?
It's nobody.
Uh-oh.
Someone having microphone troubles.
Okay.
Your five years are up.
Where's the chrome hounds?
Oh, ha, ha.
Chrome hound, ha, ha.
Yeah, whatever happened to that big chrome hounds match we were supposed to have?
Who is this?
Well, we found out that the game sucked, and then I stopped playing.
Identify yourself, caller, for those that may not know.
I'm Bobby.
Hi, Bobby.
And I'm not going to say where I'm from because it's about you.
I know.
I appreciate that, Bobby.
All right.
You can say where you're from.
We don't care.
It's okay.
Back east.
So, yeah, whatever happened to the chrome hounds match?
Chrome hounds sucks or what?
It was just a horrible game.
We'd already sold it back.
We couldn't get enough people.
He was running from me.
Running?
Those things can't even run.
They just slowly move away.
You were slowly waddling away from me.
Bobby, as I understand it, you're Loki's only friend on PlayStation 3.
No, he was my only friend, and now I have, like, seven.
Oh, okay.
Oh, well, I see.
You haven't added me, have you?
You're cheating on Bobby.
No, because I don't play my PlayStation 3.
Have you guys ever actually played a game together on PlayStation 3?
No.
That's sad.
Have you guys ever played a game together on Xbox?
No, I don't think so.
You're never on Xbox.
No, we played Texas Hold'em one time, I think.
Yeah.
Yeah, I remember that.
Well, gosh, Bobby, I know you've been podcasting a long time, too, and doing your thing.
What do you think?
Five years is a long time.
A lot of stuff's happened in the game industry.
What do you think has been a real big important news story in the world of gaming that we
should take a moment to reflect on at this, our five-year mark?
It's changed the gaming world.
Yeah, I believe that the final rise of rhythm games in the U.S., something that I've been
really wanting for a long time, because I was a big fan of Bimani Games back in college
and all that stuff, and finally being able to buy them legitimately for my local game
system, is really something that I really think is a big deal to me, at least.
So, how tons of us had to import that shit for years, and now we can just get a lot of
that stuff stateside.
Yeah, and that was actually one of the things I wanted to call in to see if you guys had
seen about Rock Band, via Kotaku posts a scan of a magazine that shows the drum peripheral
for Rock Band.
Yeah, I have that magazine.
The drum peripheral, though, it's a concept drive.
It's an artist rendition, which is from their memory of when they played the prototype,
and I really hope that's not it.
Because it looks like a blatant rip-off of Drummania.
No, because it's not even shaped like real drumset.
It's like bongos.
Yeah, it's like four drums instead of five, and they're not in any kind of order or anything.
It's basically beat the pad instead of, necessarily, actual drums, because you actually play drums,
correct?
Yes.
So this is a subject near and dear to your heart.
Right.
I want a good drum peripheral for the home game, which I didn't think that Drummania
for the consoles had.
I like the arcade version of Drummania.
That was actually a Yamaha drumset that I actually considered buying myself, getting
the Yamaha DT Express 3.
It will work with it, too.
It gives you instructions in the manual how to set it up.
Yeah, but I bought a Roland one, anyway.
But I think Rockband, they were saying that they would actually work with all electronic
drumsets that use MIDI and stuff, so I won't have to worry about using this controller,
but I feel bad for anybody else who does.
I still don't know.
The jury's still out on Rockband for me.
I want to see a little more about it.
The concept sounds cool, but I'm kind of a little bit leery of spending all this money
on it.
To be honest, it looks a little too similar to Guitar Hero 3.
I know that it's developed by the same company, but it looks a little too similar.
There's going to be some trouble.
Even Guitar Hero 3 doesn't look like Guitar Hero 2, pretty much, because Harmonix didn't
give them the code, so Guitar Hero 3 is built from the ground up by Neversoft.
So I think Rockband's actually building on the Guitar Hero code base a little bit.
Very interesting.
I want to ask you real quick, because I know you're a fan of Beat Manias, you've claimed
as one of your favorite games of all time.
You kind of have me thinking about the whole Japanese-U.S. thing.
You really can't get a game like Beat Mania here in the U.S. like you can in Japan, though.
So to some, there's still a big need to import.
All the good songs are on 2DX that you have to import, so I'm still importing those, because
I'm sorry, the Britney Spears one on the U.S. Beat Mania doesn't cover it, but I do like
the U.S. controller for Beat Mania more than the Japanese home controller.
They did fix that.
They sure did.
Real quick comment in chat that I think is interesting, and I apologize to chat room.
We haven't been ignoring you.
We've just been focusing so much on the collars.
SSJ100matt in chat says, super hardcore Bomani fans refuse to give Rockband a chance and
are already judging it.
What do you think about those people that are judging the game?
Do they do that just because, I don't know, they're ignorant, or do they do that because
Guitar Hero was disappointed?
I'm sad because I think that if Konami really took a risk and released Guitar Freak's Drummania
over here, and then later on with Karaoke Revolution, we could already have something
like this, and they could be dominating the market.
But instead, they have focused on other places.
Konami's problem was that they insisted on keeping all the J-Rock and the J-Pop and all
that stuff, which is great for that segment and great for their current fans, but to get
the rest of the audience, they needed to put in songs that people here recognized, and
they never did that.
Even when Hip Hop Mania was tested in arcades, it was still all the J-Pop and all that stuff.
That's where Harmonix picked it up and said, hey, let's do this, and they put in songs
people recognized, and it became a big hit.
That's true.
One thing we've said a lot on this show that Guitar Hero has a lot to thank for its success
is the fact that they made the song list a lot smarter.
They were able to take a little more risks on it, whereas Konami was always playing it
safe and felt that the game would sell itself, which is the engine, if that makes sense.
They didn't know how they would market a guitar game over here.
That was their exact sales rep's opinion on it.
They didn't know how they would be able to market it over here, which is dumb.
People look at it and then play it.
A lot of Guitar Hero marketing is because Best Buy has it set up, and people just walk
up and try to play it.
That's most of their marketing, and a lot of people have bought it because of that.
Very similar to the Wii, I would say.
You see somebody playing it and then you're like, wow, I want to try that.
It's kind of different.
Well, Bobby, we've got to get some more calls and move on, but anything else you want to
share with our listeners?
No, it's just congrats on the five years.
I know how hard the first hundred was for me.
I do want to just share this, and I promise it will only be about a minute long, is that
I was scared to email the mailbag about two years ago when it was still the to-go edition
and stuff.
I remember it took me a couple of weeks to get the courage to even email Jamie asking
about high-definition television lag, fearing her wrath and beat mania.
I think I was nice, wasn't I?
She's nice to most of our emailers.
You were, but it was just kind of like, oh, these are the guys I've been listening to
for so long, because I had heard of you guys and I had listened before the podcast came
around and stuff.
It was kind of like the whole celebrity, oh, I don't know if I want to bother them and
stuff like that.
You guys did inspire me to do what I do, and I know you've inspired a lot of other people.
Thank you for that.
That is truly the ultimate compliment.
Compliments don't get much bigger than that, honestly.
Thank you.
I know.
It's amazing.
Thank you so much, Bobby, and we look forward to at least another 100 episodes from you
and working with you to help make those a success as well as all of the things we partner
up to do.
Thanks so much, and thanks for doing this.
Now talk about games.
All right.
We'll try.
Thanks, Bobby.
Bye.
Bye.
All right.
One more call, then we'll get to Jamie's bit, and then we'll take more calls, because we
still got some energy left in us.
We're going to do a long show tonight.
That's all right.
Hi.
Have you finally got to your call?
Yo.
What's up, everyone?
Hey.
Hi.
What's good, people?
It's Amy.
You know our call.
You know it's official.
The party cannot begin.
I'm here.
Yay.
Toga.
Toga.
Damn right.
Toga party.
Rama, you're a little bit quiet, but what's on your mind?
Oh, not much.
I'm sorry about the quietness.
My headset's being a total douchebag tonight, okay?
Fuck Logitech.
Anywho, let's get off the whole political gaming shit.
Let's get on with the show.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's get off the gaming shit.
Let's get onto the fun stuff straight up.
Let's get to the fun stuff here.
You know, episode 69 is definitely best episode ever.
I definitely vote on that, and you guys got to put it up on RSS people.
Keep the download.
They've got to hear.
I'm staying in.
They've got to.
Well, we'll see what we can do.
I don't know about they have to hear that, but whatever, we'll see.
I don't think it'll go in the...
You have no say in this, man.
The fans demand it.
I promise you I will send I'm Stayin' In to Scott
and let him carry out that legacy on the soundboard
to the evil glares that are coming from Loki.
And not just that, but we'll do something special
for our listeners.
I don't know about the RSS,
but for those on the LiveJournal, the MySpace,
we'll do something for you.
There you go, there you go.
That's what I'm talking about.
Now, you know, I started my own podcast,
and I have to say, you guys were the reason
why I started doing this again,
because before all of this, I used to run
my little two-hour music special
on my frickin' cable connect,
and, you know, like maybe every two weeks or whatever,
and I just stopped doing it,
and after you guys started doing it again,
I'm like, you know, I gotta get in, you know?
I started listening to other podcasts about anime.
I couldn't get into it,
so I just had a bad-mouth one of my favorite cons,
so I'm like, you know what, put up or shut up.
That's one of the reasons why I'm doing my show.
Has anybody called in tonight who doesn't have
their own podcast?
That's what I'm wondering at this point.
Probably.
I'm just messing with you, Rama, it's all good.
God, I don't even know what to ask you.
It's so difficult, because I know you outside
of this show now, which is kind of something
interesting in itself.
Like, you've kind of met all of us in person
and all that stuff, so, oh God,
what the hell do I ask you, Rama?
Look, if you gotta get a little personal,
I don't care, because I already had a drink
before I got here.
Well, I don't know, I don't want to get that personal.
I don't, I'm only your friend, Rama, that's all.
I don't know, you guys got anything for Rama?
Jamie, you've been here to talk to Rama all night?
Hi.
Hey.
Dude, I want to come to New York.
Dude, I want to come back after Cali one more time.
I'll try, maybe by the end of the year,
I'll bring a crew with me, maybe.
Cool, go have a barbecue.
Here we go, I got a question.
Okay, you guys, your little banter there
inspired a question here.
Rama, what are the differences, you think,
because you've been to both coasts now,
what do you think are the differences
between the East Coast scene and the West Coast scene,
the gaming and anime scene?
Because I know we have a lot of listeners of the show
who are deeply, who have anime as a passion as well,
and if you don't, just tune out for a couple seconds.
Rama, what would you say is the difference
between the gaming and anime scene
in the East Coast and West Coast?
Well, I can't say too much, but it used to be
the West Coast was all about the con, the cosplay,
the time you put into making that costume.
The East Coast was like, we don't give a flying fuck
if you did put 100 hours into that,
that pretty separate costume.
How much alcohol can you take Saturday night?
That's what it was always about.
West Coast, the cosplay, the East Coast was about the party.
I don't know, faname's always kind of been about
who can hold their liquor.
It's blending now, I mean, I see on the West Coast,
people over there, if West Coast was more fun,
more friendly, you know, that's what I saw.
When I had fun, I really had a great time.
I mean, a lot of props to people.
I don't see a lot of that over on the East Coast,
because half the time,
it's all about the fucking drama shit.
I mean, on the West Coast, I know there's drama,
but they keep it on the down low.
Whereas on the East Coast, all it takes
is somebody to walk past, let the drama roll begin,
you know, and it's just too much.
It depends on the clicks.
That too, and it's like, and whereas me,
I'm with multiple clicks, and it's like,
I gotta be careful who I chill with,
and I bet if I had those same clicks on the West Coast,
the drama shit wouldn't even bother.
It was like, fine, whatever.
We're all gonna have a good time.
All right.
Oh, go ahead.
As for the gaming, I would say, you know,
one thing about the West Coast,
the gamers know how to use deodorant.
That's what I can say, definitely.
I didn't really catch too much fanboy funk
this year, though.
Exactly, I mean, you go to like Otacon,
which is like the big convention, you walk in,
you're gonna get smacked in the face
with a wave of funk, seriously.
And not the good George Clinton kind, right?
Exactly.
Mm-hmm.
I think it's kind of funky in here,
because we've been, you know, smelling Rob.
Oh, shut up.
I took a shower today just for you.
Maybe someone took their sneakers off.
Sorry, I just had to run out
and check on the air situation,
because we're burning up in here, so anyway.
Rama, thanks so much for the call,
and for being a friend.
Thank you for being a friend.
Now, before I go, you know,
I have to do the same toast I did last year,
even though somebody stole it, I'm gonna do it.
Go for it.
In my hands is a can of Guinness.
I'm gonna crack it open right now.
I have the last sip of champagne left in my glass.
I have champagne in my belly.
Then I'll toast our soccer's belly.
No.
I'm Guinness at home, so I'll just do it when I get home.
Okay, take it away, Rama.
Here we go.
Here's to you, here's to me,
the best a friend will ever be.
If we ever happen to disagree, well, fuck you,
and here's to me.
I'm drinking this bitch down.
Very well said.
Oop, I actually just tried to use
the champagne glass as a microphone.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
All right.
Rama, thanks so much for the call,
and take care, buddy.
No problem, I'll talk to you guys.
I'll see you guys sometime again.
It's gonna happen.
All right, later, buddy.
Peace.
Wow, okay, we got lots and lots of calls still coming in.
We're willing to go a little long tonight for this,
but we've gotta get to the mailbag,
because Darcy.
No, we don't.
Do you not wanna do mailbag tonight?
I could do mailbag, but no.
Let's do a couple emails.
Okay.
All right, because some folks,
not everybody can get in on the phone.
And I really apologize to those of you
like calling on the phone like crazy.
Some folks have been calling in seriously
since we started taking calls,
and still haven't gotten through.
We're gonna take more calls very soon, I promise.
Just, we wanna get to the email bags,
and then more calls,
and we'll hopefully get everybody that's trying to call in,
even if we have to go to the two-minute lightning round.
All right, here we go.
Mailbag time.
Mailbag at Orangelaunchradio.com, we always welcome your emails, and Dark Shocker is gonna read them right now.
I am?
Okay.
It's you better.
First email is,
Dear O.L.R., I have one simple question.
What the hell happened to White Knight for the PS3?
Keep up the great work, your Serbian listener.
Aljosha, PS level five needs to make another Dark Cloud game.
I'm the foggiest idea.
I haven't been following that game.
Loki, you know anything about this?
This is more up your alley
with the whole title's just not come out yet.
Is it delayed?
Cancel's just kinda sleeping?
Probably sleeping.
You know what?
You know where White Knight is?
It's with Africa.
That's where White Knight went.
The White Knight went to Africa.
That's where it is.
Eh, okay.
We don't know, buddy.
Sorry, they haven't said anything.
That's the best we got.
Unless Chat Room knows something, we don't.
What does the Chat Room know that we don't?
They're just saying Africa.
Yeah.
Love it.
Yeah.
This is from Sakura Legends.
Dear OLR, birthday celebration is great.
What are you guys gonna do?
DDR celebration, getting drunk,
then having a DDR celebration?
But for all I know,
Pokemon Battle Revolution comes out tomorrow,
and that means I can play my Pokemans on the big screen.
Rob, I'll stop making hate mail.
I've decided to make more emails
begging Loki to play more Drunken Mario Kart GP.
The annoying 12-year-old who wants more Drunken Mario Kart
needs another arcade because the last one left
doesn't have DDR, but has Initial D.
But we're suing the place,
and so it isn't smart to go there.
Still youngest listener, DDR maniac, and that's all.
Wow, that's a hell of a signature.
Thank you for backing off for once.
And YouTube, we need more stuff on YouTube.
My camera does a lot of better digital stuff now,
so we need to do some craziness on YouTube.
Loki, drink, and then we'll film you.
It's funny.
Okay.
I'm sifting through the emails
because I wanna get some of them read.
One of them is Mastakilla.
Hi, I hear that Rob bought Puzzle Quest on DS.
I recently purchased the game on PSP.
The game is great, but the game freezes every second.
I'm not sure what it is.
I looked in all the forums, and I'm not the only one.
Does the glitches and freezes occur
only on the DS version you have?
Did you hear anything about a recall or patch coming soon?
PS, love the show.
Smile face.
Thank you.
I have not had a problem with freezing on the DS.
Granted, I've only played for a couple of hours.
For original Puzzle Quest?
Puzzle Quest.
Yeah, I did hear of an issue with that.
For DS or PSP, because he says he has the PSP one.
There was something with the PSP one.
Something was broken on it, I don't remember.
I read this a long time ago.
Email the manufacturer and see what kind of response you get
because lurking on the forums doesn't always help
because you get people that make shit up on forums.
Very common thing in the gaming scene in the internet.
You get too many people that make shit up.
So go email the manufacturer directly
and see if they have an official statement.
That sounds like a good idea.
Next email, shall I?
Sure.
Hey, OLR crew.
First and foremost, congratulations
on your fifth anniversary.
I hope you continue to output the same level of awesomeness
or higher in the future.
I started listening to OLR last year
after looking for Orange Lounge songs
to put on my MySpace profile, only to assemble
on the OLR MySpace page.
My first episode, funnily enough,
was the fourth anniversary episode,
which kept me busy during freshman orientation
at my college campus when I have nothing to do
and on a road trip to Reno.
On another note, something about the OLR afterbirth cage match
has been bugging me lately.
Songs that win supposedly get put in rotation
on the stream, which I've listened to while playing
Albatross 18.
Yet the only cage match winner I've heard on the stream
is Loki's Zodiac Don't Play Nice Mashup.
Are these songs actually being put in play
or am I just listening at the wrong times?
Love, GS68.
They are, but the problem is we have a 16-hour playlist
on the regular station, and it's only
going to come up once in that time.
So I think you're just, I mean, it sounds
like you've heard it once.
But yeah, the problem is, you know,
it's one song in a huge rotation of music.
So unfortunately, it doesn't always come up.
And sometimes it does go into the rotation late in the week
because I'm lazy.
But honestly, though, I have to admit,
cage match song going into rotation
is the last priority behind getting the podcast out
on time and all that, making sure all games gets
the syndicated run and all that stuff.
Last email.
Dear Orange Jones Radio, collectively known as Rob, Matt,
and Jamie, congratulations on five years
of being a festering rash on the internet.
JK, heart, heart, heart, heart.
Seriously, though, you guys are freaking awesome.
I first learned about LLR through DDR Freak Forums
because someone had a link in their signature
and decided to check it out.
Unfortunately, I was an internet noob
and had no idea what was going on,
so I just thought it was a music station.
That was three or four years ago.
Smell face.
Fall of 2005 was when I rediscovered
LLR and learned about your now deceased frowny face,
OLR To Go edition.
Isn't this for what we're doing for the whole show now?
Well, kind of.
But you know, some people liked it better
in its compact format.
But you know, we have to make decisions
based on what we think is best, and you can't please everybody.
So sorry you didn't agree.
It was an hour slash hour and a half of news,
Rob being funny, Jamie being angry,
and Matt hating on Max.
Woo hoo.
That was my freshman year.
Now I'm a junior, well, going to B1P, the tongue face.
And I've listened to every episode of LLR
since you guys started the new format.
You three are my main source of gaming information
with Kotaku filling in the blanks
and also a big source of entertainment.
I have to say that it's mildly awkward when one of you
are Rice Princess or X-A-Fur or Casper the Gay,
with an O face, or anyone else says some hilarious
and I burst into laughter in the train
and other public place, which leads to weird stares
and quiet mutterings.
That kid is crazy.
Of course, that's half the fun.
I want to get mushy, but that's too weird.
So I'll just leave it at that, and then
congratulate you guys on five years
of being some of the coolest people on the internet
and wish you luck in the next five years.
I'll make a shirt that says, I grew up with Orange Lounge.
Since yearly years, with hearts and love, heart, heart, heart,
heart, PS.
That's a cute email.
I bought Pac-Man CE, and I'm not sure why, cry cry.
PPS, shoot the whoop, charging my lasers.
What?
I don't know, but it's funny.
They just wanted you to say that on air,
so they could cut that out and have that as a sound play.
That's great.
Shoot the whoop.
I'd just go around saying, charging my lasers.
Shoot the whoop.
That was awesome.
You need to send emails like that again,
so I can send more cool stuff.
You play Pac-Man CE for the Ray-Var music.
That's why.
That's why you play it.
Yeah.
All right.
You know what?
We got a last minute one.
Should I read it?
Sure, why not?
It's someone who couldn't get a call in.
Well, we're still going to take more calls, but OK.
Go ahead and read it.
Well, this is from GS191.
OK.
Shit, I'd rather call, but my microphone ain't working.
Besides, I feel more comfortable this way.
Hey, PPLs of OLR.
Congratulation to five years of OLR.
I must admit that I feel kind of old being around
for most of those five years, going back
to the drunk episodes and the randomness that
is the three hour show.
I have so much praise for you guys, Skydark, Sakura,
and Loki, and everyone else who has made this show
for us today.
So yeah, the reason I'm writing just recently
are probably already implemented the game review site
that nobody gives two shits about.
No, not one up.
GameSpot is going to change its rating systems this week.
They state that they are going to a 0.5 base system,
no more 8.8 like scores.
And I lost my place.
And going to remove the sub score system for graphics,
game play, sound, et cetera.
They are going to add metal slash rewards
slash achievement slash e-penis points for things
like excellent graphics and sound
to blatant over-whoring of advertisements
that overall suck.
As for many listeners, including myself, we could give a shit.
But it got me thinking, why are people so fixated
with the 7 out of 10 score for an average game?
Why, whatever happened to a five being average?
Is it too low for people?
Is it too close to a three or a one?
Do fanboys have a splintered, by the way,
fanboys, to make it plural, you do not add an apostrophe.
Have a splintered baseball bat stuck up their ass?
Who the fuck knows?
I would like to ask if any of the current rating systems
work, or do they need to all be revamped and howl.
Thanks for your time, GS191.
Wow, heavy question.
It's because now people.
I read that like the biggest run-on sentence ever.
Seriously.
If you were to look at like mathematically,
yes, five would be average.
Although people are looking at it like grade scores,
which 50% would be failure, and 70% would be average.
So unfortunately, everybody's sucking that school mentality.
And that's why the rating systems all fucked up.
Because it's actually a five point system instead of 10,
because those bottom five are failures.
You know, I don't really study a lot of game reviews
on the internet, because I find I just
often don't agree with them.
I have yet to really find a reviewer that
thinks the exact same way I do.
Because everybody's kind of into different genres
and different games.
They could give a football game a 10, and I might run it.
But I'm not going to run out and buy it,
because I'm not really into sports games.
That's just not my genre.
That's not to say it's a bad game.
But at the same time, I personally
wouldn't attempt to review a Madden game,
because I have no idea what the hell I'm looking for.
I know what I like and what I don't like in a game, period.
But I don't know.
And also, you'll see a lot of times
that reviews are skewed based on what their preferences are
in gaming and stuff.
Or like, for example, I know like IGN,
you'll see a lot of these reviews that come in weeks
after the games come out.
And you can pretty much guarantee
that they're always going to be negative,
because they're holding off on playing them until later on.
And it could be stuff that's not half bad,
but they have a vendetta against certain things
like, for example, Fantastic Four or something.
They'll say, well, I don't like Fantastic Four.
So it gets a lower review, or something like that.
But this isn't what I remember from the comics.
We'll review it as a game, not as what
you remember from the comics.
Some folks in chat room are talking about X-Play.
And JV Monn says, I hate X-Play's Para Para Paradise
review.
And it just goes to show you, some people
don't get it, but there's a lot of games out there to play.
And sometimes people don't get the things
that other people are into.
Here's the thing.
They weren't actually reviewing Para Para Paradise.
They were doing a funny bit.
That's all they were doing.
I mean, really, it hasn't come over here.
It's not a game that was released in the United States.
So why were they reviewing it?
Oh, to be funny.
That's why they were doing it.
Because who doesn't like to laugh at someone playing Para
Para Paradise, because it's such a girly game,
and people like making fun of that.
All right.
Well, anything else, I guess?
No, that was last email?
Mailbag at orangelaungeradio.com.
We're running about an hour and a half into this,
but we're going to take some more calls
and keep on going.
So here we go.
Back to the phones.
1-877-GAME-OLR, or Orange Launch Radio on Skype.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio, who's this?
Hey, guys, can you hear me?
Yes, we can.
Who is this?
Hi, this is DDR Dollar Bill.
Hi, DDR Dollar Bill.
What's on your mind?
Oh, not much.
I just really wanted to call and say,
happy to hear you guys got a 500 episode.
Congratulations.
It's actually five years, not 500, but that's all right.
I'm still blitzed from today.
Did we do a little drinking today?
No, I was in the middle of the whole parade thing.
It was nuts.
It's strange that you're not the first person
to make that 500 mistake, which is kind of strange.
OK, I don't feel so bad now.
No, it's cool.
It's all good.
Let's talk about games.
What kind of games have you been playing this week?
Mostly DS stuff.
What, are you a big fan of handhelds?
Yeah, they're easy for me to get into
and easy for me to take on the go,
since I'm constantly in one place to another place
to another place.
Here's something big that's happened in the past five years
is, remember when the DS was first announced
and a lot of people were like, that's kind of weird
that you're going to be using the touch screen.
And now the system is like monstrously successful,
the Nintendo DS.
Why do you think Nintendo has had such success with the DS?
Because they were forced to actually make games instead
of just rehashing some stuff, one.
And two, they actually took advantage
of the originality of just using touch screen,
rather than just saying, OK, here's a portable system.
Just bring some games from the other systems
and just water it down for the portables.
Anybody else in the studio care to chime in?
Because I think most of us here in studio prefer the DS
to the PSP.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
What do you think has made the DS a winner?
Because it's dedicated to games and trying
to do 50 million other things.
I actually really agree with that comment.
I think that's why the DS has been successful,
is that really the only thing you can do on it is games.
I mean, granted, now they have the Opera browser and all
that stuff.
But let's face it, all that crap was an afterthought.
It was really a game system first.
And not to knock the PSP, because I
know a lot of folks listen to this show on the PSP.
And that's actually why the PSP is pretty awesome.
Because it's like, it's the red mage of portable gaming
is what the PSP is.
It's a little bit of everything, but it's not
really strong at anything.
It's a little bit iPod.
It's a little bit web browser.
It's a little bit gaming.
It's a little bit this and that.
But it doesn't really 100% excel at any of it.
But that doesn't necessarily make it bad.
It's a red mage.
That's quite possibly the best comparison I could make.
Well, then you also get the PSP has a lot shorter battery life.
So it does a little bit of a battery life.
That's true.
But don't get me wrong.
I love my PSP.
Try playing a nomad.
And movies look so good.
Movies look so sharp on the PSP, and so do websites.
That's why I love that little screen on the PSP.
I wish the DS had something that sharp.
That I agree with.
That I agree with.
And I did play one other game that wasn't a handheld.
What's that?
Virtua Fighter V on the PS3.
Oh, now how was that?
I think I'm the only fan of the Virtua Fighter series,
because I was in love with it.
So you totally love the game?
Oh, I love the series.
Ah.
Well, you know, I don't know.
DarkSakura, weren't you a bit of a Virtua Fighter fan,
at least in the beginning?
Never.
I hate Virtua Fighter.
I thought you did like it.
No, Dan loves Virtua Fighter.
I personally thought the game was shit.
I just made you assume that, because you're
a Sega fangirl.
The only time I played any Virtua Fighter for any amount
of time was playing Virtua Fighter II
to try to knock off Kage's mask.
And people know what I'm talking about.
Yes.
And I enjoyed the fifth one.
And I actually also got to play on a high definition projector.
Ooh.
Oh, yeah.
I didn't, I couldn't even play for like five minutes
just watching it.
It was like, ha ha.
So Rob D says, I was more obsessed
with knocking off Blue Mary's shirt in Real Bout 2.
It's always the nudity with you people.
I guess I'll say this.
Have you played Xbox 360?
Never?
A few times, actually, yes.
So what do you think graphics wise?
Do you think a game like Virtua Fighter
will look as good on the 360?
I think it probably would work.
I think it would probably look too good.
My only concern about the series is
that as long as it moves just the same, just as smooth.
Because that's a game where it's a true Twitch
fest, one frame and you're dead.
Good point.
And the reason why I ask that, not that I'm dumb or anything,
because sometimes people say, well,
the PS3 has the true HD built in and all this.
I'm just kind of curious.
They kind of insinuate that it has
a graphical edge on Xbox 360.
So I'm just kind of curious if anyone ever notices it ever.
I think it would.
But I think, honestly, the best way for me, to me,
we actually get both of them side by side in a way
and see how they look.
Well, DDR dollar bill, we got to let you
go to take some more calls.
Any last minute thoughts?
Yes, I don't have a podcast.
There you go.
All right, well then nothing to plug.
So well, that's cool.
Maybe you'll start one someday.
I doubt it.
I'm too busy.
All right, well fair enough.
Well, thank you for choosing ours to listen to.
We appreciate it.
Thanks, guys.
Later.
All right, Jamie, you get this call.
This one is your turn.
Hold on, I haven't picked up yet.
Oh, OK.
Sorry, Skype's being annoying.
Hi.
Hi.
Who's this?
It's Roz.
Hi.
It's Roz.
Oh my god, hi.
Hi.
What's on your mind, Roz?
I mostly wanted to talk to Jamie.
OMG, a girl called in.
OMG, a girl, a real life girl.
What do you want to say, Jamie?
I want to say I'm so sorry for disappearing.
That's OK, I forgive you, I think.
I do it all the time.
You have to make up for it with bleached zombie butts.
I'm sorry, what are you turning our fifth anniversary
show into, you two?
It's an in-joke.
I see that.
It's on the other site that I hang out on,
Gorilla's Unofficial.
I get it.
OK, you remember when we were all in studio playing
with that word rearranger thing?
In the chat here.
Oh, yeah.
And she made one that said, Orange Lounge Radio
owns everything including bleached zombie butts.
I remember that.
It was one of those fridge magnet site things
where you could have your own stuff.
That's part of my signature on Gorilla's Unofficial.
Good times.
Yeah.
I totally stole it from Roz.
Yeah, except I disappeared from there, too.
I noticed that, too, Missy.
So you're going to hang out more, right?
Well, you've been busy with school, though, right?
Not really.
Actually, I've been busy with medical problems.
Sorry to hear that.
Oh, it's not any different from usual.
I'm pretty much used to it.
Well, you shouldn't have to be used to that, but.
It happens.
Yeah, I can sympathize.
I had my problems last year.
Oh, yeah.
I have drugs for that now.
Luckily, the video game addiction thing
didn't go through, or I might have a medical problem as well.
I've got a medical problem.
It's called Robitis, which would technically
mean inflammation of the rob.
Rob, are you inflamed?
Girl, are you trying to say I'm flaming?
I don't know what you're trying to say, girl,
but you're making me mad.
I was inflamed.
Oh, my.
Roz, before this show gets ruined anymore
with your phone call.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm totally kidding.
But this show is off the T-bed.
No, anything else you want to say to our listeners, Roz?
Hi, everyone in chat.
Everyone who's not in chat, screw you.
That's a very nice thing to say to the people on the podcast.
No, it's all good.
No, I love everyone.
For dinner.
Maybe a little.
All right, well.
Happy little anniversary, Chindig.
I thought I'd get back to the planet to join you for this.
Ground control to Major Tom.
Something like that.
Well, we appreciate you, and you're
a very down-to-earth phone call.
We really appreciate that.
Thanks for calling, Roz.
We miss you.
I know you did.
But my aim's improving.
Bye, Roz.
Take care.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
It's nice to hear from a girl.
What is that about?
How many times does the girl gamer topic come up here?
How does it feel, Dark Sakura, to be a girl in a very
manly-dominated scene, as if we don't ask this question?
Wait till I have cramps.
It all depends on my hormonal level that much.
Then we'll all be hurting.
Exactly.
Let's go to another call.
Loki, you awake?
I'm awake.
You bored?
Can I get you something?
I was playing blocks, or something.
All right.
Well, you're going to take this call, OK, Loki?
Hello, this is Orange Launch Radio.
Who is this?
Hello?
Hello.
Hello, it's Chaving Mon.
Hey, how's it going?
Hi.
You?
I actually got through.
I didn't think this would ever happen.
So my question's for Rob.
Yes, sir.
Would Flaming Finger ever work on the DS?
Only if it has a soundtrack with the quality of the
original Flaming Finger.
For those that have never played Flaming Finger, because
I have to give background now, Flaming Finger is one of those
ticket spitter games.
And I've always seen them ever in two places.
Dave and Busters, just about every Dave and Busters I've
ever walked into has one of these machines.
And randomly, Sunnyvale Golf Land had one.
And you use your finger to navigate through this maze.
And the game totally cheats, because as you get like
3-4ths of the way through the maze, the clock starts
counting down much faster.
But it's got this very distinctive
rave beat to the game.
And it is still f-
Flaming Finger.
And of course, all the homosexual jokes you can make
with it, tee hee gay, tee hee flaming, ha ha ha.
Get your flame on.
Get your flame on.
And yeah, I kind of froze up and don't know what to say.
That's it?
That's all you want to say?
You want to ask if I gave up on you?
I've been trying to get through all night, and I
finally did.
Just to ask if I enjoy Flaming Finger, or if it would come
out on the DS.
I also wanted to congratulate you guys for five years.
I remember listening to the first episode, and I was a
complete douchebag back then.
You guys actually banned me from the chat room.
We banned JV Mon from chat during the first episode.
That's amazing.
He's since proven himself.
Which rehab works.
Yeah.
Crying and mowing the lawn.
OLR rehab.
I don't know about that, but I'd also like to thank Jamie
for introducing me to Doctor Who, my new form of crack.
Yeah, I'm getting people addicted.
He's also one of the people I talk to every
day online, too, now.
Yes, Jamie's my new online BFF.
And thanks for lunch in New York City, JV Mon.
I appreciate that.
And I wasn't the one that banned you from chat, was I?
No, I think it was Jamie.
OK, well, you know she does that.
Well, I do that all the time.
With her enormous pan hammer.
It's all good.
Hey, actually, JV Mon, I want to ask you a question, because
a lot's changed in five years.
I hope you don't mind me saying on the program, but
you're the first person that's called in that I also recognize
as another gay gamer, right?
And that's where I am, too.
And even though the topic doesn't come up all the time
on this show, do you think there's been progress for us
in gaming in the past five years?
Like, you know how, especially five years ago, you sat on
the Xbox Live, it's fag, fag, fag, fag, gay, gay, that's gay.
Do you think there's been any progress?
Because I notice the visibility of the gaygamer.net and a lot
of those gay gaming communities, it seems like
there's an awful lot more people out there now that will
admit they're gay in the gaming scene than
there used to be.
I don't know if it's just me, but what do you think?
I just think that over time has passed, people have just
been more accepting about it, because they
can't hide it anymore.
It's just there and it's out there.
It's either you got with the times or you
just got left behind.
So in other words, if you've put it on your MySpace profile
somewhere, somebody's going to find it, and they know.
Very much.
If you put it on MySpace, it's on the internet.
It's like trying to get pee out of a pool.
Do you think that it might be a mirror of society, where
maybe there's been a more general acceptance of gay
lifestyle and gay culture in society?
Yeah, for sure.
I think that might have a little bit to do with it, too.
Because when I was in high school, you didn't dare tell
anybody you were gay in high school, because you'd get
killed, practically.
I mean, not necessarily killed, but just beaten half
to death.
But now in this day and age, God, I talk to my mom used to
work for the choir teacher.
And obviously, I'm not saying this about all guys, but there
are a lot of guys that join choir that have homosexual
tendencies.
And the choir teacher tells my mom that these days, the gay
guys are the most popular ones in school.
And it's because of those shows on TV, like Queer Eye,
even though it's not my kind of show.
It just kind of gives visibility.
So I don't know.
I guess we're talking about something a lot bigger than
gaming, so I should probably hang up on you now.
Only if you want.
All right.
You're the one to stop the rest of your life.
All right.
Well, take care, JVmon, and yeah, thanks for calling.
No problem.
You'll be getting CDs from me in like two weeks.
Sweet.
I love CDs.
All right, I'll let you have more important calls.
All right.
It's just more calls, JVmon.
No one call is more important than the other.
All right.
All right.
Take care.
You, too.
Bye-bye.
Now we have people in chat that are like, I'm in choir.
I'm not gay.
I didn't say all.
I just said a lot.
Not even a lot, but you have to admit that there are, I
don't know, at least when I was in high school, at least
half the guys in choir were a little bit fruity.
And I would think it's still that way, too.
I'm not saying they all are.
Back off.
God, now we're going to get emails and everything, too.
Dark soccer, weren't you in choir?
I was until they made me sing with the boys,
because I had a low voice.
Gay boys or straight boys?
This was church.
Oh, never mind.
That's different.
Well, no, I did chorus for two weeks,
but I was supposed to be in band.
That's a whole other can of worms.
Yeah, I know.
All right.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Black Devil or X.
Hi, Black Devil or X. You're a little bit quiet.
Make sure you're talking right in the mic.
What's on your mind?
Um, not much.
Gosh, I'm hearing a ringing in the background, but that's OK.
I hear that.
That's weird.
We hear it, too.
That's OK.
Keep trying.
What's on your mind?
I don't know if you called in last week,
or if you remember, I called in a couple of weeks ago.
I was trying to get a wee, and I finally got one.
You finally got a wee?
It sounds like someone's drinking a Slurpee over there
or something, doesn't it?
I can't figure that.
I'm sorry.
I'm playing with something else here.
I'll pop it away.
That's why we hear it.
I swear to God, it's like we hear a Slurpee
or in the background or something, or like a bong.
Are you smoking weed?
No, I am not smoking weed.
All right, OK.
Are you smoking crack?
All right.
Oh.
All right.
We're just kidding.
You don't smoke crack in a bong, nor did I.
Anyway, not that I'd know.
So you finally got a wee?
I did.
Congratulations.
How did you manage to do it?
I actually had to buy it in a bundle with two other games
and another re-remote.
And where did you get this bundle at?
I got this bundle at the Virgin Megastore.
So a forced bundle.
What do you think about forced bundles?
I don't like them.
But you bought one anyway.
I just really don't like them, especially
when the game selections suck.
Rob D says he had to buy it in a bundle with a phone that
wouldn't stop ringing.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
What?
You probably can't hear it on your end,
but we keep hearing this little, it's like a Slurpee or a ring
or something, like every two seconds.
It's so funny.
Anyway, so are you happy now that you got a wee?
Have you actually been playing it?
Well, the two games that I had to get
were Power Ultimate Alliance and Spider-Man 3.
Very good.
And you didn't opt for Zelda or Trauma Center and that stuff?
They didn't have Zelda.
They didn't have Trauma Center.
I mean, their game selection just sucked.
They had Cooking Mama.
Well, Cooking Mama's a little bit better on the DS
than it is on the Wii, to be honest.
OK, so the main thing I wanted to do tonight
while I was calling in was back when I was listening,
I think a couple of years ago before I had kind of the Sunday
night commitment, and I dropped out and I'm sorry,
was to open a pint of chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream.
And here I am opening a pint of chocolate cookie dough ice
cream.
In your honor, this is like my little toast.
Here we go.
All right, five beers.
Here, I'm clanking my empty champagne glass
to your cookie dough ice cream.
There you go.
My stomach is digesting in honor of your ice cream.
All right.
We got to let you go, buddy.
That ringing is driving me nuts.
But thank you very much for the call.
And listen to the playback on the podcast,
because it's hilarious.
Banana phone.
Bye.
Bye.
Jamie.
Oh, well, all of a sudden, all the calls disappeared.
Oh, here they come again.
Oh, good.
Oh, damn.
I mean, hi.
Dark Sakura, here you go.
Hey, this is Jonathan Fields.
How you doing?
Hi.
Who?
John Fields.
Oh, hi.
You were on the show like a long-ass time ago.
He's the guy that flew out here like all the way from,
like, what, Connecticut you're at?
Yeah, Connecticut.
I'm in New Jersey now.
But I was there back when Tech TV was still around.
I remember that.
I remember you came to the show.
Do you remember what episode number that was?
I don't remember off the top of my head,
but it was like the year before G4 bought him out.
OK, so it was probably in the low 100s, right,
about the time you were there?
Maybe 469.
I'm trying to remember.
Wow.
OK, but you came to the show a long time ago.
And yeah, you toured Tech TV.
I remember, because that was one of the big things
we were talking to you about on that show.
I remember you, and I remember the show.
And I remember we were talking about the whole Tech TV.
So goddamn, a lot's changed since then, huh?
I know.
Everything's changed.
I mean, your format has changed.
I mean, Magus has changed his name, all that sort of stuff.
And to be totally honest, you guys
are lucky that the anniversary is happening today,
and not yesterday.
Because otherwise, you'd be facing against a big hedge
hard.
Wait, what's yesterday?
Sonic's birthday.
Well, you know, technically, the show started on June 23rd.
So yesterday was our birthday, but we celebrate it tonight
because it's Sunday.
Exactly.
So there you go.
I was wondering, actually, Rob, did you ever
watch any of the big gaming cartoons way,
way back in the 80s?
I watched the Super Mario Brothers Super Show religiously
every day after school, and would also
watch the Zelda cartoon on Fridays.
That was my show.
I didn't really watch Captain Anne or any of the other ones,
but that was the one.
Did you know that the stuff is on DVD now?
Yes, I have the second season on DVD.
I need to find the first.
You could probably find it on Amazon.
I really need to get the Zelda DVD, too.
For some reason, I just never bought it.
I've been busy watching all these other shows,
but I definitely want the Zelda DVD package as well.
I keep seeing that one every time I go on Amazon,
so they keep recommending it to me.
So you can probably find it easy.
You kind of brought up the whole tech TV thing,
and you've been talking a lot about television.
I'm kind of curious because it's funny, a lot has changed there.
Tell us really quick again, what would you say some
of your experiences at the tech TV studios when you went?
What kind of stuff did you observe?
Do people seem to be enjoying themselves?
How was the tour when you went?
Well, basically what it was like was I basically
went into the headquarters where the main shows were developed there.
I got to meet Adam Sessler.
I pretty much walked around where everybody's office space was,
and I've still got a few tech TV schwag stuff.
That's pretty rad.
Those are collector's things now.
I know.
And then after that, I took a little shuttle over to the studio,
and I sat in on an episode of The Screensavers.
Wow, that's great.
That's cool.
And it's kind of sad now that that show's gone.
My dad loved The Screensavers too, and it was a really great show.
It's just kind of sad to see what happened in the end, all that stuff.
But Leo and the gang, they're also around.
They're just doing a show now called This Week in Tech.
Oh, yeah.
If you're in the podcasting biz, you know This Week in Tech.
It's huge.
It's a huge show.
Leo also has a KFI show in California.
I'm glad to see he's still kicking, because folks like him
are the kind of folks that inspire us.
I know.
And if G4 hadn't bought out tech TV, I'd probably be working there now.
I know, it's kind of weird, because I kind of start to think,
wow, tech TV was just right over in San Francisco.
We all know which building.
We go to San Francisco at least once a month, if not more.
I don't know.
But it's kind of weird.
It's like I feel like I would have toured the building by now,
and who knows what could have happened.
This is weird.
All right, well, hey, thanks so much for the call.
And anything else you want to say to the listeners tonight?
Happy fifth anniversary, and a happy 5-4.
And it's so good to hear from call, because I
know you haven't been listening.
At least you haven't been in chat for a long time.
It's really refreshing tonight to hear from folks blast from the past
as well.
So thank you so much for listening tonight.
Yeah, I've tried to catch them.
I just keep forgetting to catch it on Saturday.
But I'm glad I caught it tonight.
It's all good.
We know that things change.
So have a good one, buddy.
Yeah, you too.
Bye-bye.
We've hit the two-hour mark.
But of course, that counts the bonus segment,
which was a good 10 minutes long, which the podcasters don't get to hear.
So we're going to take a few more calls?
A few more?
OK.
All right, let's keep going.
Are you guys OK on time and everything?
Is anybody trying to get a pumpkin?
Yeah, I've only got to work overtime.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, it's OK.
It's cool.
I'm joking.
Tonight's a special night.
All right, Loki, your call.
Hello, who is this?
Hello.
Hello.
This is Dr. Patzco City.
How's it going?
Ah, just great.
Hooray, more international listeners.
We love hearing from the international folks.
Let you know that I just love the show the last, Journey to Health.
Well, we really appreciate that.
Thank you very much for listening to us for the past year and a half.
Any highlights from our show?
Actually, what I do have is a question.
Oh, what's that?
What's with the name?
I assume you did have an orange lounge.
No.
Where did that come from?
You know what, very famous question we often get asked a lot,
especially since we've started getting more listeners since we
moved into the general gaming chat.
Because anybody that played the Monty games probably
knows where the name comes from.
But Jamie, I'll let you take this one because you helped come up
with the name.
Oh, yeah, where we got our name from.
We were like on the train coming into San Francisco for something
or the other.
We were going to the Metreon that day, right?
And we had been trying to think of all day a name for the station.
And when we came back, I was like, we should call it Orange Lounge Radio
because it's Orange Lounge music.
I seem to remember suggesting that we should name it
after something Bamani related.
After one of the groups.
Like a Beatles tribute band would be named Yellow Submarine or something
like that, right?
So Orange Lounge is actually a band that's in Bamani.
And they do some of the songs.
Their most famous song is probably Mobo Moga from BeatMania 2DX6 style.
And it's actually, you kind of hear the song remixed in our podcast
as incidental music.
And we're very thankful to Konami for not suing us for using the name.
But I think they realized we gave them free advertising
and still continue to do so for a long time.
So an Orange Lounge radio is different from Orange Lounge.
So there you go.
Well, that just goes to show you that I have absolutely not
a care for music games.
It's all good.
Some of our listeners don't.
And that's just fine.
So we try to, we, sorry, Jamie was showing me a private message.
Don't do that.
You distract me during the show.
Yeah, but it just goes to show we love the fact
that since we have done the merge, even though not everybody was supportive
when we kind of did away with talking about Bamani,
only talking about general gaming, I really
love that we've kind of opened it up to a whole new audience as well.
And it's not just about the music games.
OK, then.
Probably I'll give you a call the next time I get to Santa Cruz.
I have a present for you guys.
Ah, sweet.
Thank you.
And I love Santa Cruz.
I love the boardwalk there.
We'll have to go to the arcades.
Awesome.
I love the arcades.
They are awesome.
They have Discs of Tron.
Sweet.
They do.
That they do.
All right.
Well, thank you very much for your call.
We appreciate it, buddy.
No worries.
See you later.
Bye bye.
So refreshing to hear from the folks around the world.
It's so great.
How come we haven't had any Canadians tonight?
That's very strange.
We want Canadians to call next.
We want Canadians.
All right.
I declare there must be Canadians.
Not that we don't love the Argentina, the Mexico, the US, you know.
But Europe might be asking a bit much because it's probably like what now?
It's like the sun's starting to rise over there.
But what about some Canadians?
I know there's got to be a few listening.
All right.
Let's go to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, this is Jayden.
I'm sorry, who?
Jayden.
Hi, what's on your mind?
Nothing much.
I just wanted to congratulate you on your fifth.
Well, thank you very much.
I have my fifth beer.
Pardon?
Nothing.
I was saying my fifth beer.
I do that all the time.
I know.
Well, thank you very much.
Is there a particular something something that you want to share with listeners tonight?
Like, how long have you been listening to this show?
Let's see.
I think this is going on my third beer.
Awesome.
Well, what do you think has been a big, big game story that you really enjoyed our coverage
on in the past three years?
The anticipation of the Xbox 360.
Ah, the anticipation of the Xbox 360.
You know, I wasn't sold on the Xbox 360 at first.
I really wasn't.
And also the introduction of new systems in general.
Oh, kind of like being able to kind of be watching this new wave of the whole next gen
systems, kind of watch this unfold because, you know, all these systems didn't exist,
the PS3, the Wii, the 360 back when we started.
Hell, I don't even think the Xbox existed when we first started, or maybe it had just
come out.
I don't know.
I think it was out.
When did the Xbox come out?
2001?
So maybe it was just out.
So, but anyway, yeah, we kind of got to watch this all unfold.
I don't know.
Loki, what, you bought a 360 the day they came out, right?
No.
You bought a bidded one.
You eBay'd one or something.
I bought it off of Craigslist for like twice as what it's worth.
Oh, I remember getting so mad at you about that.
But why did you do it?
Was it the hype?
Was it the games?
I just wanted to talk about it, and I'm crazy, very crazy when it comes to talking about
games and stuff.
I don't know.
I just felt like I wanted one.
It was big.
I got to keep my edge at work, you know?
You know what sold me on Xbox 360, sad but true?
Geometry Wars, and Xbox Live Arcade in general.
I just was so, I was like, this is the coolest thing ever, and that's really what, so it
wasn't even any of the launch games that I really cared, although I did buy like Cameo
and I don't know what even else I bought at launch, but it was Xbox Live Arcade.
I bought Cameo, Ridge Racer 6, actually I pretty much bought almost everything that
came out at launch between launch and like March, because I bought, I remember, I think
one of the big ones I bought was Call of Duty 2, and then I bought Project Gotham Racing
3, also Cameo, and then Perfect Dark Zero, and I bought almost everything that came out
at launch.
Addict.
No, caller, did you get in on the Xbox 360, Grace?
No, I didn't.
You didn't buy one until way later, huh?
Or did you, do you even have one?
No, I don't have one.
Oh, wow.
Because I'm not an Xbox person.
Huh.
Well, you know, not everybody is.
Well, then what are you?
Are you a Nintendo person?
I'm a Nintendo person.
Ah, so did you camp out for a Wii?
No.
You're not that crazy.
No, I'm not that crazy.
I thought about it at one point in time, but.
I thought it was fun when we went to the Wii lines with cookies.
I had a lot of fun listening, and actually I wanted to.
We did Donuts and Coffee, me and Kristen.
Yeah, I know, and we were doing Orange Soda, and then you guys one-upped us with the Donuts
and Coffee.
But they also let us skip up the line.
That was awesome.
And I still remember the line at the Target Great Land over on Sunrise.
That's where we were.
That was awesome.
And we had a listener of the show on the line.
A couple.
I want to know if any of them are still listening.
For the love of God, email us.
Let's get together and play Wii sometime.
I want to know who the girl who got the Wii hat was.
I want to say hi to her.
Somebody saw her later.
I saw her at GameStop a while back.
You saw her, that's right.
If you guys are still listening, email us.
Rob, Jamie, mailbag at orangedollasradio.com, any of that, and let's have you guys on the
show at some point.
We want to talk like the Wii six months later or whatever it is.
Anyway, sorry, caller.
I've been ignoring you.
Is there anything else you want to share with our listeners?
Let's see.
DS's reaction to the DS.
Funny enough.
Dark Soccer's reaction to the DS.
Something that shares your namesake.
Do you approve?
I guess.
It's almost as cool as me.
Do you remember when we went and bought our DS?
We went to Best Buy, bought them there, and then we also went to Benihana's afterwards
for lunch.
Most money I've ever spent in a single day, probably.
I found Dan's box for his DS, because they all got theirs at GameStop before launch date,
of course.
It said, this DS is reserved for Dan.
If you touch it, you die.
I won't forget the first time.
The post-it's still on the box.
The first PSP I bought, I bought it, and then I...
What happened?
Oh, I got a car accident that day, because I don't know.
A slow moving car accident, by the way.
I was moving under five miles an hour.
That's amazing.
It did.
It dented up my fender, and that's about it.
You know the DS is the only other system I've ever bought at launch, besides a Wii?
So, I bought the PSP a week after it came out.
All right, sorry, caller.
Anything else you want to share with our listeners?
Nope.
Other than the fact that I...
The one episode that really sticks out to me, because I have a recording of it, is 120.
What's so special about 120?
You'll have to forgive us, but they all start to blend together when you've been doing it
for five years.
Because one of the big things is that Loki mis-called the Xbox the Xbox Two at the time.
Did he?
Well, they probably didn't have a name then.
Did it have a name, or was he just being dumb?
He didn't have a name for it, but he mentioned it several times.
Interesting.
Well, I mean, if they don't have a name for it yet, obviously it's going to be the Xbox
Two.
But we need to go back and listen to what we thought about things before they actually
came out.
I wouldn't go like, I think they're going to be stupid and name it 360, because it'll
be circular.
I don't know.
All right.
You called the PS3 name, right?
Well, yeah, because they didn't innovate on their name.
We're going to put a three on there.
Yeah.
All right.
Caller, we've got to let you go to get some more calls, but thanks so much for calling.
Yep, sure.
You're done.
All right, later.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
We've got to let you go to get some more calls.
Now it's starting to trickle up a little bit.
We still have some people hammering us that have been since the beginning, so we'll get
to everybody.
We're going to keep calling until the calls stop coming in or we pass out tired, whichever
happens first.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
A token Canadian calling in.
Hi, what's your name for those who don't know?
It's Tochen.
What's up, guys?
Tochen, what's up?
See?
Ask and you shall receive.
We got a Canadian on the line.
Yay, thank you.
What else can I do?
I don't know.
Do a cartwheel.
Say a boot.
No, I'm kidding.
I'm totally kidding.
I'll bring pizza or something.
I don't know.
Tochen, dude, anything you want to say?
Are you only calling in because we forced you to, or is there anything you want to say
or ask or what?
No, no, no.
I want to be like everybody else and congratulate you on the five years.
I'm probably not the longest listener, but I've been around for a while and I just haven't
had the nerve to jump in the chat room as much as I should.
Because you were on DDR Freak several years ago.
You've been posting there a while, right?
Yeah, we've got a small little thread for our DDR people.
Sweet.
The reason why I mention that is because obviously when our show first started, a large, large
contingent of our listeners were all DDR Freak members and people from that community.
So I do remember seeing your face around there back in the day, so.
Yeah, the small little Nova Scotia thread for anybody who wants to go check it out.
We still got some life.
And the machines have not frozen over, contrary to popular belief.
No they're not.
But we've got to deal with some of the machine's issues because they're in bad shape.
You know what my favorite thread on DDR Freak was always?
Was the Antarctica thread.
Yeah, that was pretty funny.
Because nobody lives in Antarctica, of course there's not a DDR machine there.
But it was funny because I guess J-Dog or whoever built the forums, in one of the forums
it says, rest of the world DDR scene, and it just kind of throws all these kind of countries
that weren't accounted for other places in one, and it says, what is this, South America
and then Antarctica.
And somebody always makes this post like, dude, let's get together in Antarctica and
play DDR.
Stay warm.
Try to keep moving.
Exactly.
Well, Tochen, thanks for answering the call.
We appreciate it.
Any other last things you want to say?
I want to just, how are you doing with, I know you played DDR and B-Money for a while.
What's your favorite game that you've played throughout the years?
Is it just B-Money or DDR stepping?
My favorite music game that I've played in the past five years?
Yeah.
Absolutely, without a doubt, BeatMania 2DX8 style in the arcade.
Oh, sexy.
Because technically my favorite, favorite mix, music and all, would probably be sixth
or seventh style.
But the thing about eighth style is it had all those songs in it, and that was the machine
that we had here locally for the little time we did, and such community events.
And those that know me well know what a big ham I am.
One of my favorite things to do is host.
When I was young, I always wanted to be a game show host, if it's not completely obvious
through some of the things that happen on the show.
That's part of the reason I continue to be an emcee-ish sort of role on this show.
I love doing that kind of stuff at tournaments, and running the BeatMania 2DX tournament,
one of the very few that's ever been run, being able to run that tournament on that
eighth style machine at Scandi was a dream.
And the mix itself was awesome.
The music that was in it and everything, just really the peak of the 2DX series for me.
So are you planning to get distorted and stuff in the coming weeks?
Like I said, eighth was kind of the peak, and my interest in the series is kind of weighing
since then.
But I will always love the game, and I can't justify spending $80 on it.
Not now, not right now.
You can always...
No, but I don't go there, you know.
Maybe.
I don't know.
Import, man.
Come on.
Well, let's see.
I import from the internet.
Straight to my hard drive.
The Rob D says, from Bob Barker to Rob Roberts, dude, that would be my dream.
I actually, secretly in the back of my mind, I secretly wish that they would do an American
Idol style show to replace him, because I would so go there.
You know what we have to hear now?
We have to hear that song.
Come on down?
Yes.
Maybe later in the show, because I don't have it queued up right now.
You never have anything queued up at this time, though.
It's getting late.
Give me a break.
You need more pizza.
All right.
Take care.
We ate it all.
It's all gone.
The three of us ate the whole damn pizza.
What?
A large.
A large?
Oh, my God.
All right.
Bye, Tosha.
Thanks so much for the call.
We appreciate it.
Yeah.
Love that.
Ask for a Canadian, and ye shall receive a Canadian.
All right.
We're well past the two-hour mark now, so we're going to go into the two-minute lightning
round, and now all our calls are going to be wrapped up in two minutes or less.
Here we go.
Starting off.
Jamie, your call.
What?
Hello?
Hello.
Hi.
Hi.
It's the Afro guy.
Hi.
Hi.
What's on your mind?
Afro guy.
Hi.
Turn down your speakers, buddy.
Sorry.
That's okay.
That's okay.
Are you calling us from the UK?
Yeah.
Ah, I knew it.
I could tell from the accent.
That's amazing.
And I recognize your name, too.
Wow.
So you're like, it's early morning.
It's almost six in the morning, yeah.
You are hard.
What are you doing awake?
We're listening to the fifth anniversary show.
Well, we appreciate you tuning in.
You are a hardcore fan, sir.
I wish we weren't in the two-minute lightning round at this point.
What do you want to say?
I just want to say thanks for doing the show for five years.
I mean, I've only been listening for about two years since starting the podcast.
Well, you're welcome.
I mean, we do this for folks like you that continue to listen in.
And especially around the world, that blows my mind how the Internet brings us that closer
together as gaming fans.
Great.
Well, now I've cooled in, I think I'm going to go to bed.
I'm so tired.
All right.
I say that's a good call.
Sleep in today.
Sleep well.
You've earned it, my friend.
Thank you.
All right.
Have a good one, buddy.
All right.
See you.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Poor neighbors, because you must be blasting the show at 6 a.m. over there, because we're
hearing it on the speakers.
Unless we had a room with an echo.
Could be.
That's right.
Yeah, it could be.
It could be.
Or he's trying to keep it down.
I don't know.
Who knows?
All right.
Two-minute lighting around.
Let's take some more calls.
Hi.
You're on Orange Lawn's radio.
Who's this?
Hello?
Hi.
You got through, finally.
Who is this?
Nintendo Maniac 64.
Hello, Nintendo Maniac 64.
What's on your mind?
I don't know.
Not much.
I guess I'm on the opposite side of the spectrum.
It's not really morning.
It's early.
It's kind of late night, 1253 a.m. here.
It's about 10 p.m. here, so we're getting pretty late, even for California time, but
that's okay.
What's on your mind?
One thing I remember is something someone said, about your first game and stuff that
you played.
In all honesty, my very first game, I was like three or four something, was Mortal Kombat.
Your first game was Mortal Kombat?
I didn't even know what it was.
Was it the version where they replaced the blood with the sweat, though, because that
doesn't count?
It was the Genesis version.
Oh, it was the Genesis version.
So did you put in the blood code?
I don't know.
Only three or four.
I didn't have my own game system until I was nine or something, or talking six when I got
my mom's.
I tried 2600.
That didn't count.
Quick question for you, because our time is limited.
Have you ever killed anybody or beat anybody up to the point that they were bleeding and
had to go to the hospital?
I have no idea.
I was way too young to remember anything.
No, I mean, but now.
I was Mortal Kombat.
But as of now, have you ever killed anyone or sent anyone to the hospital in real life?
No.
Well, I'm just trying to say that exposing kids to violent games doesn't necessarily
make them murderers.
That's all.
All right.
Anything else you want to share with listeners?
Oh, I finally got my own pretty good computer rake now, not like a 533 megahertz PC.
God, I thought he was going to say I got my own podcast.
I don't have a podcast.
That's all right.
Two minutes is up, buddy.
But thanks so much for the call, and take care, okay?
Okay.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
All right.
Let's go to another call.
These poor people have been trying to get in all night long.
We've got to get their calls.
Hi, you're on Orange House Radio.
Who's this?
It's Dark Knight.
It's Dark Knight.
We can barely, barely hear you.
Get a little closer to your night.
Is that Dark Knight?
Yes, it's Dark Knight, but we can barely hear him.
Hello?
Hey.
Hey, what's on your mind?
Quick shout out.
What?
Congratulations, y'all guys, on five years, and hope that y'all do five more years while
y'all still around and everything like that.
And to back-talk the gaming thing, my first game assistant was an Atari 2600.
Mine too.
Preach on.
Atari 2600 was awesome.
And we'll try to do another five years if we can.
We're going to keep going until we're out of gas, but we'll do our best.
So what was the first game you ever played on Atari 2600, do you remember?
Asteroids.
Good time.
I was just playing that the other day on the PC.
Good times.
It was a gift from my aunt.
My aunt bought me an Atari 2600.
That was a Christmas gift.
Awesome.
Yeah.
I had it for years.
But then after that, it was Sega Master System, Sega, everything else, till PlayStation.
Well Dark Knight, our time is halfway up, but I got to ask you real quickly, is there
anything that you want to share?
Because I know you've been a long-time listener of Orange Andrea.
I recognize your name from chat from years ago.
Is there a favorite moment?
Loki getting drunk and parents calling the show.
When our parents have called in?
Yeah, and Loki was the best one.
Loki had the best parent call.
Yeah, because it was sister.
Oh, it was sister.
And then next thing you know, it was the parents behind her.
I remember that.
Parents and grandparents.
That was good.
That was good.
Dark Knight, our time is almost up.
Quick, any last minute thoughts?
No, just want to say I'm happy five years old and keep it rocking guys.
All right, we will do it buddy.
Thanks so much for your support over the past five years.
We appreciate it.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
He got progressively louder as the call went on.
Very nice job.
Appreciate that.
He started to turn the volume up or something.
Loki, your call.
Hello, this is Orange Launch Radio.
Who is this?
Hey, it's S.S.
D.H.
Martin.
Hey, how's it going?
I just want to wish you guys a happy fifth birthday, I guess.
And I also want to thank Rob for coming out to New York and having a great time with us.
I had an awesome time.
It was so much better this year than last year and no offense against last year.
We did our thing and had fun, but that was more of a me thing because I had more time
this year to actually go around and do stuff.
And the stuff we did this year was going to Dave and Buster's and going to that video
game shop.
It was good.
It was just like we were buds hanging out.
It was a good time.
I had a really good time.
Yeah.
It was great.
And you know, that's how gamers should be.
And this is, and you know, or we're just one big family and that's how we should always
be.
Awesome.
Well, hey, since you're in New York or at least the New York area, if a gamer is thinking
of visiting the area because New York is a huge tourist spot, where are some places they
must go in New York?
I just moved back here, but you know, big New York places, I would say go to the forums
because the locals really know where the good places are.
You know, there's a lot of bad places, you know, there are basically cracks in the wall.
You can't, you would never be able to find an event if you tried, but I would just like
hit the forum, I would just say hit the forums, ask everyone.
There's plenty of places, you know, in Midtown, but you know, outside in the other boroughs,
like Queens or Brooklyn, you know, there's plenty of great places.
What about Nintendo World Store?
Well, yeah, Nintendo World Store is great.
I mean, I thought you meant like arcades type stuff.
No, that's true.
That's true.
And those are good stuff to point out too because you know, certain people when they
try, you know, they want to find that local fighting game or dance game community or whatever
it is.
SJ100, Matt, our time is up.
Any, real, real quickly, any last minute thoughts?
Well, no, I, you know, I've been trying to call in all night.
I wanted to ask this one question.
You know, you guys have been on for five years and what would be the one thing you would
like to accomplish within the next five years?
Big question, so I'm going to let someone else start off.
What would be the one thing you'd like to accomplish in the next five years?
With the show?
Or with the show or in general or what?
With the show?
I would really call this ambitious, but I would really like to not only do this internet
based but do it satellite based as well.
Yeah.
Loki?
To have my wife approve of the show.
That's a big one, right?
That's a very Blocked Eagle right there.
I'm going to be a little bit controversial because I know how Jamie feels about this
idea but I'm going to say video.
See, that would be cool, you know, and I think you know, Rob, that, you know, I'm kind of
in that business.
You know, if you guys ever need someone to shoot it or direct it, I'm here.
Help me talk Jamie into it.
That's what you got to help me do.
All right, we really got to let you go.
We're over time, but take care, buddy.
Okay.
Take it easy, guys.
Bye bye.
All right, I think it's slowing down.
I think we've only got a couple calls left, but I really want to give a chance for everybody
to get through.
Jamie, how about you?
Hello.
Hello.
Who be?
This is Wonder Dog Harold.
Hi.
Hello.
What do you have to say to us?
What do you have to say for yourself?
Congratulations on your fifth anniversary.
Thank you.
Did you get us a present?
No, like the customary gift for the first anniversary is this one.
Is what?
It's wood.
It's wood.
I got wood.
I have no wood.
There you go.
No gift needed.
Will you try to get some wood for our fifth anniversary?
Maybe.
All right.
Is there a game out there that gives you wood?
No.
No?
That's good because that would be maybe crossing the line.
Really, there's been no game character ever that might give you a little wood?
No.
All right.
Well, has anybody in here ever been a video game character that gave you a little wood
or the lady equivalent?
My first video game crush was Ryu from Street Fighter II.
Tingle?
Who?
What?
What caller?
You said what?
No, I tried to like stick in Tingle in there real quick.
Oh, Tingle.
Tingle.
No.
This was when I was in high school.
I got you.
Loki, any character ever given you wood?
No.
No Dead or Alive?
No.
Somebody in our chat room was trying to start a petition for Dead or Alive Xtreme Volleyball
with men.
I don't know about that one.
Any last minute thoughts caller?
Nope.
All right.
Well, you're a man of many words, Wonder Dog Harold.
As usual.
Thanks so much for the call.
Take care, buddy.
Bye-bye.
Bye.
Remember when he called in the match game a few weeks ago and was giving all one word
answers?
I think the phone lines may have stopped.
There's no calls coming in right now.
Let me give it just a few more minutes to make sure and then we're going to call up.
There it is.
Here's one more.
This is going to be the last.
You had to encourage them, Rob.
This is the last call.
Last call.
Sorry, guys.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio and this is the last call of the night.
Who's this?
Oh, my God.
Who is this?
This is CT.
Hey.
Hey, you were there from the first episode, dude.
What a good...
Absolutely.
What a good call to end on tonight because you were one of the...
Oh, my God.
You were one of the 15 people there for episode one.
Yeah.
Here's an amazing call to kind of bookend the shows tonight with.
Shit, I don't even know what to ask you, Dark Tetsuya.
Do you have anything for us tonight?
Well, oh, God.
I didn't even know where to begin.
I mean, I'm sorry.
I'm speechless.
I'm the biggest fangirl of the show that's interested in me and, well, you know, oh,
my God.
I forgot.
This show has helped facilitate a few OL relationships, which has been very interesting how that community,
just communities in general, can have that effect.
I've met a few people I've dated through live journals in that community.
I can't say I've ever met anyone in a gaming-related community, but it's just interesting the way
that works.
But, DT, you've been here for the whole thing.
What would you say was the highlight of the past five years?
Oh, my God.
I don't know.
Aside from that thing on 230, I'd probably have to go with Loki singing.
Isn't it amazing that after all these years, they still say that's their favorite moment?
That was awful.
I'm never doing it again.
So like it.
Live it up while it lasts.
I'm calling in, I want the host to know, I was like very shocked, because I asked out.
Whatever.
Oh, Dark Tetsuya, thank you for making it all worth it.
That was wonderful.
I do have a quick few, though.
All right.
I don't know, DT, because that's like the perfect note to end on, but if you must, go
for it.
F you.
F you to Burger King, because Missy has to work tonight.
F you to work in general.
Let's quit our jobs and move into the Fort.
Yeah.
The O-L-R Fort.
Dark Tetsuya, thank you so much for the call.
We appreciate it.
And you fucking won, by the way.
Out of all the callers tonight, you won.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Take care.
Bye.
I'm calling in.
I now demand that all future call-ins begin with that.
Well guys, the calls have finally slowed down, but if we didn't get to you, we're so sorry
that we didn't make your phone call, but obviously, Orange Lounge Radio, and even to the podcast
listeners and those that weren't able to tune in live tonight and listen to us and be a
part of the show.
We just really want to thank you guys once again for your support over the past five
years and for tuning in and just inviting us onto your iPods or onto your speakers or
what have you, and for the enthusiasm that so many of you guys have for the show.
You guys have made it all worth it.
Anything that you guys want to share, Dark Sakura?
I would like to share with people's bank accounts so that they give me money.
No, really.
I just like doing this.
I'm going to keep doing it, so fuck everything.
I'm just going to do the show.
I'll try.
Thank you guys, and thank you for the five people who've sent me a dollar, by the way.
There's not going to be a pump up the volume, though, on Tuesday.
This is very important because Live 365 is doing a day of broadcasting silence to protest
whoever those fuckheads are that are doing all this bullshit to internet radio.
The government.
Yeah.
Like I said, fuckheads.
No pump up the volume on Tuesday, no nothing on Tuesday.
However, you best hold onto your pants on Wednesday because Rob's going to be on, right?
That's right.
The door is always open for you, Dark Sakura, if you want to come in and get a little revenge
on Wednesday since you can have a Tuesday show.
I don't know what you've got going on.
We'll see.
Oh, wait.
No, there is no show Wednesday.
I'm in Malibu Wednesday.
I can't go.
Bitch.
So maybe you could do your show Wednesday.
I don't know.
Hit me.
We'll talk.
And then drop me off in L.A. so I can go to some land.
We'll talk offline.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Jamie reminded me.
There are some thank yous that are badly, badly needed because there's like specific
individuals we have to thank because they've really made the five years with it.
And please, you know, God, it's just like an Oscar speech.
We're afraid we're going to forget somebody.
But if you guys think, think of anybody I'm forgetting, please let me know.
I want to first, foremost, most importantly, absolutely thank VX Jason XV who has been our
web host almost at least for like the past two and a half years we've been doing this
almost since the beginning.
It is an absolutely thankless job.
He asked for nothing for it.
He built us a podcast feed from scratch and the man just, he just does this because he
wants to and he loves what we're doing and without him we would not be able to accomplish
half of what we have.
So VX Jason XV, you are the man.
Thank you so much for all of your help.
He's like, he's, you know, even though we joke that the chat room is the invisible fourth
host of Orange Laundredo, Jason is like this invisible thing that you don't always see
on the air that's really holding the show up.
So thank you so much to Jason first and foremost.
I also want to say a big thank you to Travis Donovan of Travis Donovan Live because he
kind of got me into the whole internet broadcasting thing and Jamie to some extent because obviously
Under Station Live was the show we were doing before Orange Laundredo.
I was the number one guest.
And I see, I don't think Travis really approved of this side project in the beginning because
he saw it as maybe taking away from Under Station Live or what have you but, you know,
nevertheless, I learned a lot from my experiences on Under Station Live and just about like,
you know, kind of how an internet radio show should be and Travis never took any shit from
anyone and I always love that attitude.
So I want to say a big thank you to Travis for everything.
I want to say a big thank you as well to Bobby Blackwolf and Scott and Lawrence and everybody
over AllGames.com for enabling our show to a whole new audience because obviously signing
up with AllGames.com was one of the best moves we ever made in trying to grab ourselves some
rabid fans.
We just love the fact that our fan bases have kind of clicked in that way and while not
everybody on AllGames may like our show, those that have, we're very lucky to have over
here listening to OLR as well and we want to thank you guys for helping us get on board
with this indication over there and opening everything up over there.
God, I don't need, God, so many, I mean, obviously each and every person that's ever
listened to a live show, ever downloaded a podcast, everybody that's authored stories
for the website, Mel B, Dark Tetsuya, Jimmy, DMN, anybody that's been a part of OLR staff,
I want to thank Chris for a lot over the past few years.
God, who am I forgetting?
Anybody?
Anything?
Eh.
And viewers like you.
I mean, listeners.
All right.
And if I left you out, I'm very, very sorry, but it was kind of like a last minute thing
I wanted to bring up.
Loki, do you have anything you want to say?
Not until the after birth.
Okay, we'll leave it at that.
Loki, by the way, was not an official host of Orange Launch Radio for the first 20 episodes,
but you know what, he never missed a show and had that dedication and it's very interesting.
I didn't even freaking know Loki really before this show started, but now it's just,
you know.
I drove you down to golf land, dude.
Like, but that was like, but it wasn't like we didn't, you know, we didn't really know
know each other, like at that point, you know, I feel like I didn't really get to know you
until this show.
Like, I know who you were and obviously you did a lot of nice things.
That's what I want to say about Loki is that I know a lot of you think he's a total dick
based on the things that he says about Max and stuff, but he's actually one of the nicest
guys you'll ever meet offline and I'm sorry for ruining your internet persona and whatever,
he really is.
I don't have a persona.
And Jamie too, because I know, um, you know, she has sometimes the internet persona of
being the queen bee on orange, but she's really got a softy heart too.
You just don't always see it on the show.
You do.
It's, it's made of sponge.
No, it's not.
So it's, it's, it's plasmoid.
It's, it's a plasma, which means the electrons are charged and it's fiery.
I have a fiery heart.
Not everybody got to get through on the Skype line tonight, but this was the interesting
thing is that I logged into Skype today and there were voicemails waiting for us, congratulating
us on the fifth anniversary from people who wouldn't necessarily be able to be here on
the show tonight.
And so I hopped into chat and I said, well, it looks like we have some voicemails.
Anyone want to add some?
And we had some folks call in.
And so we're going to end it on this sound clip and then we're going to kind of wrap
it up and be out of here.
Oh wait, I'm sorry.
Do you want to do some last minute game stories before we get to that?
No.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yeah.
Real quick, just real quick.
There's a brand new hack in the PSP world that allows homebrew on any firmware so far
all the way up to 3.5.
And funny enough, it does not use Grand Theft Auto Liberty City Stories, but it uses Luminous
and it's a luminati work around or whatever, exploit I guess they're calling it.
But very interesting to see that after all this time, Luminous can now allow you to run
homebrew.
Hmm.
It was there the whole time.
It's almost like a mystery novel.
Yeah.
Ah, Sony, you try, you try, but you fail and you fail.
Is that it?
That's, yeah, that's pretty much it.
All right, until the after birth.
Let's get to the voicemails, folks.
Hello, I'm Lawrence Londreo, fifth anniversary show.
I am Insanus, the guy who does the show on Thursday.
I want to call you guys, wish you all a happy, happy, happy fifth anniversary from everybody
here at the Insanus Tower, which right now is me and four listeners.
So yeah.
But on behalf of everybody in the chat room right now, everyone is wanting to call you
guys and wish you a happy O of R fifth anniversary, Rob, Jamie, Matt, thanks for letting me have
an evening on the station where I can say as many curse words as I like and enjoy myself.
You guys are the reason I love doing this.
I got started because you guys, you probably have heard this shit some of the times before,
but it's true.
You guys are awesome.
Hopefully soon here, I'll be in Sacramento and we will all have a good, good time, but
let's just hope Rob keeps his pants on.
Jamie doesn't beat me with a Barrett and Matt doesn't throw an iPhone in my hand.
Anyways, guys, this is a long voice mail and I think I should stop talking like this because
I think I'm pissing you all off.
Also, Rob, your mom called and she still disappointed in you.
And my mom called and she still disappointed in you.
Okay.
I'm done.
Bye.
I don't remember what my screen name is on L.O.L.R., hi Rob, hi Jamie, I'm Rob, well I
talk to people on my face and Xbox Live, Rob, it's me, it's you, like, yes, anyway, wow,
five years, happy anniversary, all my enemies, worse half, better half, so I got to listen
to you people, um, yeah, uh, well, we wanted to say hello, say hello, hello, yes, he's
more lesbian than the official lesbian, well, more girly, anyway, um, wow, five years of
gaming goodness and listening to low-key bitch about women drivers, it's all good,
yeah, two, five more years at least, uh, all right, bye, hey, it's Missy, so, you know
I had to call in tonight, it'd be into the fifth year in a version and all, get to work
with her, all right, call in live, damn, I've been with you since 4-7-0-4, so it's been
three years and three months already, oh, that was on Wednesday too, wasn't it vanilla
sky that was the one she showed in, anyway, congrats on five years, yeah, I'll be thinking
about you when the minute works, bye, it's never long, why do you want to take my baby,
oh, I can't take my baby, happy this, hey, what's up, this is Tigerclaw, I would like
to wish Orange Launch Radio a happy five-year anniversary, I've been a long time listener
of the show since I first heard on AllGames.com and here hoping for five more years, take
care, hey, this is, uh, Mr. Gohan, congratulations on five years of podcasting, I guess, I have
a question about, um, I saw Sky on Xbox Live with the HD DVD player, I was wondering if
it's worth the buy because my brother kind of wants it and he's wondering if you should
get a PS3 instead just for Blu-ray and yeah, you guys have been doing an awesome job podcasting,
I've been listening for about two years now and you guys are just awesome, keep doing
what you're doing, bye, you gotta love that even on the last congratulatory message there's
a question there about the Blu-ray players, the HD DVD player, if you're buying, um, uh,
something just to watch movies, um, really either one, I mean, they say Blu-ray is winning
but I don't know if that's just marketing smoke and mirrors, I think it's too early
to tell, honestly, your safest bet is to not take the plunge yet, well, the reason why
they're saying it's winning is because there's more Blu-ray players out there because each
one of the PlayStation 3s is a Blu-ray player, so they're counting those in the numbers whether
people use them as a Blu-ray player or not, all right, so there's your answer, short and
sweet, all right, we're almost to the end, let's go around and get everybody's final
thought, Loki, I'm out of root beer, Dark Sakura,
uh, my final thought is, um, thank you, to those that care, thank you, you keep it going,
you keep it awesome, and we'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 237,
5th, 5th, it's 5 years and 1 week anniversary next week, we'll do it all again, see ya.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio, Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production,
for more information on our live and podcast programs,
visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com, see you next week.
