Today, June 24th, 2007, our introduction takes a little trip down memory lane.
Hey, where are we going?
The Orange Lounge Radio is presented in the TMI sound format.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is now on the air.
Orange Lounge Radio Live is a live talk program dedicated to all things
that are evil.
So you probably shouldn't let your children listen.
If you do let your children listen to Orange Lounge Radio, they may turn into evil little
demons from hell.
Oh, wait.
Most children already are evil little demons from hell.
Now you see that evil will always triumph because good is dumb.
In fact, drunk and stupid is no way to go through life, son.
He jeopardizes my ability to effectively govern this student body.
Well, makes you look like an ass is what he does, Ed.
Samburgers!
The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast.
That was huge.
Cool.
Do you mind if I take my new car for a ride?
Yeah, that's right.
The only thing you're going to be riding is me.
Have you seen Malcolm?
Lena?
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to my underground lair.
So it was you.
I was going to expose you.
I know.
So I choose to expose myself.
Please, there are ladies present.
This job would be great if it wasn't for the fucking customers.
Dark Sakura.
Oh my god, I see a bloody stump!
Sky.
Anytime, anyplace, baby.
Loki.
Ow, my foot!
Why did I shoot myself in my foot?
Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live on this June the 24th of 2007.
Good god that was a bloated ass intro.
That was actually, that was one of our old intros.
That intro's like two minutes long.
Go figure.
We actually used that for like a year.
Anyway, hi and welcome to that show dedicated not just to Bomani now but after several years
on the air we evolved to talking about video games, gaming culture, and the gaming lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Joining me, as always, say hello to Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
Five years, and that's all you have to say is, ah.
Hi.
That's how I'd sum it up too, really.
And also say hello, as always, to Tech Master Loki.
Hello.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
All right.
Sounds good.
Well, there you have it.
It's just the three of us tonight because tonight is a special night.
It is our fifth anniversary show, and hello to those of you in our chat room, the always
present fourth guest in our program, chat.orangelaungerator.com, the biggest our chat room has ever been.
Thank you guys so much, and a big thank you to allgames.com as well, who's simulcasting
our live broadcast tonight to accommodate everybody that wanted to listen to us live.
That's so awesome.
Anyway, here we are all these years later, and we're still talking about the latest and
what's going on in the news and gaming culture, but most importantly, us.
We start the show with a little bit of how was your gaming week, so let's kick it over
to Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
I played World of Warcraft.
You were there.
I was there.
And then I signed off to go talk to people because I like living.
Wait, you mean you signed off for real life?
Sort of.
That's no fun.
I've been working overtime all week, so.
Ew, that's no fun at all.
Money is good.
Money is good.
Yeah.
Appreciate that.
All right.
Say hello as well to Loki, and how was your gaming week?
I played a bunch of things, actually.
I tried WTF, or Work Time Fun, I guess, for the PSB.
It's pretty awesome.
It's a little weird.
A lot of the games are very mundane.
It's just working, like one of them that you put caps on pens.
That's it.
There's another one that's pretty funny, though, where you are a drunken mayor and you have
to stumble your way over to a ribbon to cut it.
So you basically earn money to use in these little gumball vending machines to get little
trinkets and useless crap.
And that's the whole game.
So that's kind of interesting.
The other game I played this week was Hot Pixel for the PSP, thanks to somebody leaking
it on the internet.
And thank God they leaked it on the internet, because I would not have wanted to buy this
game.
It was horrible.
It's short, for one.
I mean, I beat the game under an hour, so that's pretty bad.
The second thing is, the guy behind it, this French guy who does this podcast, I believe
it's called Street Smart Cool Cat, he's a fucking retard.
I fucking hate him.
I hate him even more after playing this game.
He is a complete douche.
He is, like, the beginning of each level that you play, he's doing something stupid to make
himself look really cool, and he's not.
He's like a cross between fucking Bill Nye the Science Guy and Screech, except not smart
and nerdier.
Then I also played, let's see, Transformers, the game on the PSP.
Thank God I'm not buying the PSP one, although I will be playing the 361 later this week.
I just wanted to see what the PSP one looked like, and it's not very good.
But if you only have a PSP, then, I don't know, maybe it's worth picking up.
Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories, I actually played some of the single player part of that,
so that was kind of interesting.
Pretty good storyline so far.
Of course, multiplayer in Grand Theft Auto Vice City Stories, and, let's see, off of
the PSP, I also played Zelda 2, the Adventures of Link.
Still hate that game, but I'm still playing it.
Earth Defense Force 2, I actually tried that on the PlayStation 2.
It's interesting.
I don't like the controls too much.
I'm not sure if there's a way to configure it so it's exactly like the Xbox 360, because
I think that would really help, because right now, the way they have it set up, your look
and movement are the same analog six, so that kind of sucks.
But otherwise, it looks pretty cool.
You get the Destroy Big Ben in the first level.
Let's see, what else?
Oh, I also played, of course, more Earth Defense Force 2017.
Finished the game on hard now, and now we're going through hardest and Inferno.
It's about time you beat that damn game, because I swear, for like the past ten weeks I've
beat the game on easy, normal, and now hard.
It's just I have to play through it all the time until we get the genocide gun.
Is this something about trying to get all 1000 achievement points?
Well, I just want the genocide gun, and unfortunately I have to beat the whole game.
The genocide gun.
Does a million damage per shot, and blows up everything.
And then, yeah, that's actually I think about it for the week.
All right, well you've got a lot of playing done.
I had a pretty mellow gaming week, kind of like Dark Sakura.
I pretty much spent all my time on World of Warcraft, because I'm a sad, sad little addict,
but I reached a real milestone in World of Warcraft this week.
I hit level 60 today, hooray, which now is kind of dwarfed by the fact that you can actually
go to 70 in Burning Crusade, so I'm just waiting for the people in chat to go, I'm level 70.
But I still think 60 is kind of a bit of a landmark, and just goes to show you what a
sad little addict I really am.
But our guild is really growing on there, and it's been a lot of fun, and we have Ventrilo
and all that fun stuff, so it's a fun time waster.
Other than that, not a whole lot.
I checked out the new Xbox Live Arcade titled the Band of Bugs game, did you check that
out at all?
No.
I know usually you check out the arcade releases.
It's kind of like a Final Fantasy Tactics-ish game, it's your tactical type of game.
That I definitely won't be playing it.
Yeah, I know, it's not really, well I don't know, because I really dug Final Fantasy Tactics,
but I didn't play enough of Band of Bugs to give it a fair review, I didn't even purchase
the retail one, but I did check it out, and it was a little bit of my gaming week, and
I was like, oh, I don't know if I could, it was kind of one of those things where I'm
playing so much freaking WoW that I don't really have time for another tactical game.
So much for that.
However, I did also, I got onto GameTap for some strange reason, I decided, oh, I'm paying
for this, I should probably check it out again, and I just started, I had like a marathon
the other day, I was playing all these old-school Atari 2600 games, like I was playing Kaboom
for like an hour and a half, it was kind of sad.
That's that game, like you remember on the old-school 2600 with the little paddle, except
now you use your mouse and you catch the bombs, like I don't know what it is, like some people
can sit there and play Bejeweled for hours, I was playing Kaboom.
And then I played Pitfall, the old-school Pitfall, and I'm a lot better at it now than
I was when I was seven, go figure.
So I actually played through quite a ways in the game.
And I like how GameTap is really taking a lot of good ideas from Xbox Live and incorporating
into their service, like now you have a profile page that shows the last games that you've
played, and all that stuff, where have I seen this before?
And then you have your leaderboards on the actual service itself, so pretty cool.
You know, hey, if it's a good idea, why not borrow it?
I was going to say rip it off, but I guess it would be borrow it.
So I do like how GameTap's growing, and it'll be interesting when it comes over to the Macs,
and more people that I know have been holding out on GameTap because it's not out on Mac,
will be able to come over.
So that was really it, otherwise a little bit of Puzzle Quest, and that was pretty much
it.
I didn't play a lot of console games this week, funny enough.
I got Season 1 of Sam & Max, I haven't installed it yet though, but I'm planning on playing
it.
I'm just kind of on the fritz right now, something's going out in it, because it randomly shuts
off completely, so I'm thinking either the power supply, hard drive, or motherboard's
going out.
Either way, I need to upgrade the damn thing.
It's been like years.
Going to the chat room, the always present, chat.orangemanjr.com, always the fourth guest,
always has been for the past five years, always will be.
We'll start out with this lovely comment tonight, rostielut in chat says, Sky, god, stop sucking
GameTap's cock.
You know, you'd think I'm on their payroll or something, I swear to god I'm not.
I think it's just a pretty good thing.
It's relatively cheap, you get a lot of games, it's not a bad deal.
If I like something, I'm going to tell you I like it.
Talk about Xbox Live all the time, we're not in their payroll.
I do, yeah.
I'm not sucking their cock.
We're not in anybody's payroll, which sucks.
I kind of wish I was getting some nookie from all these people, that would be a lot of fun.
I want them to hire me to rub them while they're naked.
You want to give a little massage loving to GameTap?
Dude, I would love to go to the video game companies and be their massage therapist.
Would you give out some happy endings?
Would you give Reggie a happy ending?
Rob, I don't think that's funny.
Oh, and black boy in the chat room says, Loki should buy a new MacBook.
That's funny, because see, the next computer I'm buying, my benchmark is it's going to
be able to run Crysis very well.
Unfortunately, a MacBook would just explode by, I don't know, even thinking about running
Crysis.
No.
Ah, let's see.
What wasn't so negative that was said in chat here that we could also read?
Hitstun says, I like GameTap so far, but I don't have the disk space or clock speed for
any of the newer stuff.
Fair enough.
I suppose my computer, I replaced my computer about a year and a half ago, so it's a little
bit newer, so it can run some of these more higher end stuff.
And some folks who haven't replaced their computer in a few years are probably struggling
a little more.
I'm in the process of rebuilding.
Well, not necessarily rebuilding, but I'm adding in stuff to the one that was given
to me.
All right.
Cool.
Yeah, I like to build my own computer as opposed to having the whole Dell-in-a-box type thing.
I re-downloaded MAME today, and along with it, of course, the first ROMs I re-downloaded
were all the Gals Panic series.
Good job.
How about Miss World 96?
I think I might have grabbed that, just because I knew you would laugh.
What I was trying to do was install Guitar Freak's 5th Mix on my laptop to be able to
play with the Guitar Hero controller, unfortunately 5th Mix at the moment I don't think is compatible
with MAME.
I don't know.
They also have 3rd Korean on there, which I thought was kind of funny.
They actually have DDR games playable in MAME?
I never knew that.
Yeah.
It's kind of weird.
I don't think they're playable well, like audio problems, but I don't know.
Have they actually enabled the new Capcom board?
I remember last week we reported Street Fighter 3 and stuff, so that's now in there?
Yes, I think so.
I remember seeing some.
I want to see the Sega boards emulated, because I want Planet Harrier.
You know, I sometimes will go without playing MAME for a long time, and then I go back and
I kind of check on it, and they have all this crazy stuff playable.
Planet Harrier.
It might be there.
You should check.
I don't know.
We haven't been able to emulate the board.
Don't.
Does anybody in chat room know if they're ever going to get that?
Who knows?
All right.
Well, that was our gaming week.
Let's get on to some other stuff before we get into the news, like some housekeeping.
We just wanted to say tonight, of course, it's our fifth anniversary show.
Not a whole lot.
I don't know.
I don't know how you guys feel, but I wasn't really all about tooting our own horns tonight.
This is more like fan service for the listeners tonight with the different intro and the fact
that we are dedicating all of Part B tonight to our listeners, so we're going to invite
you guys later on to call in, chat with us, just talk about what's going on in gaming,
and that'll be that.
That's kind of our special plan for the fifth anniversary show.
No A-list celebrities, no surprise major gaming celebrity guests or anything like that, but
you never know.
I don't know.
I tried to send email to some people that do other shows and stuff, like, hey, we're
going to be taking calls.
Who knows?
We might get surprises as folks might call in.
That would be pretty rad, so we'll see what happens.
Anyhow, let's get onto the gaming news, because we do it every week.
We do it every other week, so why not?
We'll talk about it this week as well.
Of course, unless you've been living in a cave in the gaming world this week, you probably
have heard about this, but Manhunt 2, controversy, controversy, controversy, okay, God, how do
I sum this all up?
I realize most people have probably read this all online already, so how do I sum this up?
The game was effectively banned in Britain, not so much that they banned it, but basically
they said, we're not going to rate it, and when the game doesn't have a rating, then
you can't sell it.
In a roundabout way, it was banned, if that makes sense.
They're not going to be able to sell this game in Britain.
Then people are saying, oh, well, this game is so horrible.
They should rate it AO in America, and it turns out, oh, the game has been rated AO
here in America, adults only, which is a rating that's been reserved for very, very few games,
lots of very under the radar type of sex games have gotten this type of rating.
All on PC, by the way.
Yeah, they're all PC.
Well, because, and then the next part of this was, if the game has continued to stay rated
AO, the Nintendo will not endorse it, Sony will not endorse it, and Microsoft will not
allow it.
Which is fucked up.
They will all not allow the product to come out on the systems.
That's fucked up.
Okay, here's the first place, or here's the first question I'm going to ask, and maybe
somebody's already asked this, I don't know if you know the answer.
What about a Renegade release?
Because I remember back in the day, I remember on Nintendo, like there were companies that
would make games without the official Nintendo seal of equality, like Color Dreams, remember
those like ugly-ass blue cartridges and the really horrible games that came out from them?
Like they could do it, but I'm thinking maybe it's because Take-Two is a big, big publisher,
they don't want to burn their bridges.
Well, not only that, but I mean, they could still release everything Renegade or whatever,
but I think now that they actually do have to get everything licensed in order to be
able to actually press this, that's why everything has to go through certification before it
can actually go gold and get this press on it, so I don't know.
I don't know why they, I wish, the whole thing between AO and mature-retarded anyways, because
what you're saying is this game is not suitable for 17-year-olds, which I don't know, hostile
too out there, it's all about torture and people's limbs getting chopped off and like
rape and stuff.
Naked chicks dancing in blood.
And naked chicks dancing in blood, and that's a suitable for 17-year-olds, but oh, a pixelated
video game, oh okay, well that's way, 17-year-olds go, oh wait, this is teaching me how to commit
murder, okay, I'm going to go murder somebody now, come on, I mean seriously, grow the fuck
up, and they're all, well this is to keep it out of our children's hands.
It's not supposed to be in children's hands, it's fucking 17 and over.
Quick comments from chat room, let's see, Corey 31 says, but no stores will sell it,
that's the main problem.
Oh, but it will.
Like, Sylvara follows up, Walmart, Target, Blockbuster wouldn't sell it.
Who cares, that's a selling point for the independents.
Internet!
No, independent stores would carry that shit, in fact, when they heard that it was going
to be adults only, and that Blockbuster, Gamefly, and Walmart weren't going to be carrying it,
they're like, I'll double my order, you know, so that shit would still sell, it may not
sell as fast, but it would still sell.
Here's a comment from Take Two.
This actually comes from, I'm not sure who at Take Two, this is a general comment from
Take Two, quote, the ESRB has issued an initial rating of AO, adults only, for Manhunt 2.
Oh, this is an actual statement they made.
We believe the process of rating video games is to help people make informed entertainment
choices and not to limit them.
Manhunt 2 is created for mature audiences and we strongly believe it should receive
an M rating, aligning it with similar content created in other forms of media.
We are exploring other options with regards to Manhunt 2.
Yeah, and I do think that they're unfairly being targeted.
It's always, you know, Take Two is always the target of both advocates for like, you
know, family games and stuff like that.
Here's the thing though, I mean, from what I've heard about this game, and granted, I've
never played the original Manhunt, it wasn't really on my radar, I never played it.
Although, I have to admit, when I heard that this game was coming out for the Wii, I was
very interested, because yes, there is a sadistic side of me that thinks it would be kind of
fun to chop people up in many gruesome ways with the Wiimote and the nunchuck.
Come on, you all were thinking it, right?
You already had it pre-ordered.
Who wasn't like Dark Soccer, weren't you looking forward to taking out your aggressions with
the Wii, like chainsaw people's faces off or whatever you can do in the game?
I don't know, I'm making stuff up.
No.
No?
I didn't really care about this game, I didn't like the first one.
Oh, you actually played the first one?
Yeah, I had it on Dreamcast.
Oh, how was it?
Kind of crappy?
Oh, okay.
Well, Dan liked it.
It was an okay game, it just wasn't my type of game, so I didn't...
Was it on Dreamcast?
Yeah, it only came out in Europe.
I didn't give two shits about it, so...
Alright, well fair enough.
Okay, so...
So, I mean, I'm the wrong person to ask.
Alright, fine.
So you didn't give a shit about the game, and so Loki and I, I'm assuming you never
played the first Manhunt.
I never really played the first Manhunt.
I've got it on PlayStation, PS2, if you ever want to borrow it.
No, I could have that too.
It doesn't have the Wii-mote.
I can't actually pretend I am chopping wieners off and whatever.
I can slice people across their abdomen in Trauma Center and that's rewarding.
Okay, good point.
Okay, here's the thing.
Here's the thing.
Okay, so it's rated AO for the Wii, because you're simulating murder in that.
Why is the PlayStation 2 unrated AO as well?
That makes no sense to me.
You're not simulating murder with the Wii-mote, so that factors out of it, and that was their
reasoning behind it, saying, oh, this is why it deserves an AO rating instead of mature.
So now you're just kind of went completely against that and said, oh, well, actually
because we hate Take-Two and Rockstar, and we want to make an example of them.
That's what it really is.
Chat comments.
We have a shitload of people in chat tonight.
Thank you guys for making our chat room a huge success tonight.
Morrie says, would this have been made into as much of a big deal if it was being developed
by someone besides Take-Two who didn't have to deal with the whole hot coffee thing?
I say yes, because I don't think this has anything to do with Take-Two, but the gaming
industry in general, personally.
I think it does have to do with Take-Two.
Look at it.
Look at Bully.
Look at Manhunt 2.
People were protesting that game before they even saw screenshots of it.
After applied to Black Devil RX, necks can have orifices if you have a tracheotomy or
you cut someone's head off.
What was the comment?
There was a comment about neck rape on there.
Oh, interesting.
I also want to read another comment from Black Devil RX.
Adults only is a stupid rating.
There's no need for it.
It should be more like an NC-17 thing, because right now they're saying that adults aren't
mature, which is the rating below AO.
That's my whole problem with it, is that I actually don't have a problem with this game
being rated AO.
It probably should be, as should some other games that are out there on the market that
came out with an M rating.
I don't have a problem with these games being rated AO.
They are for adults only.
Kids should not be playing these games.
I have a problem with society's response to the AO rating.
It's the same thing with the NC-17 rating.
The NC-17 rating in movies is like the kiss of death, whereas personally, if I had a kid,
I would much rather they see a movie like Showgirls that has a little nudity and sex
in it than a movie like Hostel or Hostel Part 2, which had a lower rating.
It's just a little sex, but then again, that might not be a fair comparison, because we're
talking about sex versus violence.
We're here with Manhunt.
It's all violence.
Well, it's just like with a lot of the ratings on these games and stuff, Grand Theft Auto.
There's a perfect example.
San Andreas.
That game had a bunch of murdering and killing of people and stuff, but oh my god, show a
little bit of digital booby and boom, AO.
See double fucking standards right there.
I don't even know what the problem is with these people.
Okay, granted, it is an adult-only game, and mature I would think pretty much satisfies
that, because 17 and older, 18 and older, I think between 17 and 18, for the most part,
people are maturing that much.
I think at 17, you probably know right and wrong about as much as you do when you're
18.
I think the dividing line of maturity is when you start paying your own bills.
That's actually a really good point.
That's a good point.
I know a lot of people in their 20s that live with mommy and daddy that aren't as mature
as some people I know that would be out at 17.
I don't understand why they don't just have M as the cap off for that, or you just leave
it at M.
Here's the thing.
I don't want to drag this topic on too long, because it's been debated to death all week,
but I do want to get one other thought out here, and that would be about how, and I'm
getting a private message from Brad from Pod Culture saying, actually, games should use
the same rating system as movies that would make things easier to understand.
It's how they did in Europe.
I think to an extent that's what they kind of tried to do with the ESRB is I think they
tried to copy the movie ratings without copying them.
So I think an M rating is supposed to be like R, no one under 17 admitted without parent
or guardian, and same thing.
They would sell you a game as long as your mommy or daddy is there with you and the clerk
says what's in the game.
But AO is like NC17, no one under 17 admitted period, parents or not.
This is just not an acceptable thing.
That would be, I think, the thing with the AO rating.
This game is not sold to anyone over 18.
It's like cigarettes.
You do not sell it under any circumstances.
Well, it's just like the M-rated games.
Those are not intended to be played by kids that are under 17.
So it is, in a sense, like the NC17.
It's just people don't treat it that way and then until someone goes and murders somebody
then they're all, oh my God, it was the game's fault.
I had no idea.
All right.
Well I guess that's that.
If you'd like to comment on this, Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com would be the place
to send those emails and we've got to move on though because there was actually other
stuff that happened in the gaming world this week.
It was hard to find it amongst all the Manhunt 2 news but there was some other stuff going
on, right, Loki?
Yes.
In fact, some interesting stuff.
This has kind of been a trend with Microsoft right now, securing a lot of exclusive rights
of things, one of which being Grand Theft Auto 4 episodic content.
Apparently they've spent $50 million in securing this episodic content, which to me that seems
like an awful lot of money to spend to secure content for a game that's downloadable.
I would be very interested if there are some announcements at E3 or something.
I was thinking that maybe they're going to announce that it's going to be an Xbox 360
exclusive for the game because that's quite a bit of money that they're throwing at them,
but whatever, either way.
So if you own the 360, you're going to be able to download the episodic content in about
two batches, one of which is supposed to hit mid next year and then the rest at the end
of next year, so $25 million for each.
I think honestly though, I heard this broken down brilliantly.
I can't remember where I heard it.
I want to say our buddies at All Games Interactive, when I was listening to them on Monday waiting
to go on the air, I heard something like this and that would be that they're going to make
money on this, they're going to make a lot of money on this because Grand Theft Auto
4 will sell millions of copies.
Let's say they sell, what is it?
Let's say they sell 5 million copies of the game, at least, on Xbox 360.
They sell 5 million copies of the game and people are going to download this, let's say
they charge $10 for the episodic content, they're going to make their $50 million back
right there.
Now granted, I'm assuming that everybody's going to buy it, which isn't going to happen,
but I'm only considering one piece of downloadable content for $10.
If they release three pieces of downloadable content for $10, they'll more than make their
money back and then some.
Plus, they have something that Sony doesn't, which in the end might move some consoles
and so on and so on because I know people that are holding out for this game, Game 360.
Plus, gamer picks and themes and all sorts of crap that they can market using Grand Theft
Auto.
There you go.
You know what, to be honest, I'm not too surprised that they're actually doing this because the
PlayStation Network so far, downloadable content for games has been almost nonexistent.
Just to clear this up, because I'm still a little unsure on this, because I seem to remember
when this game was first announced, they said, okay, the PlayStation 3 is going to have this
downloadable content and the Xbox 360 will have this different downloadable content.
Microsoft is basically paid to stop the PlayStation 3 exclusive content from coming out at all.
I think so.
Interesting.
I guess that's why they did it, to try and move some more systems and get people, because
the game will be that much more on the 360.
This isn't the first game that they were doing this.
In fact, now they're saying that a beautiful Katamari is going to be a 360 exclusive as
well.
No, who knows about that.
GS191 says something interesting, the three items for download, a gun, a car, and a sex
mini game.
It's not going to be stupid shit like that.
It's going to be actual episodic, brand new storylines and stuff like that.
Not like you get a brand new gun.
Black Boy says Take Two is actually talking about selling 10 million units by the end
of 2008.
I don't know amongst what systems, because you're going to have your Sony fanboys and
people that bought the PlayStation 3 over the Xbox 360 during last year's Christmas
craze that don't really give a shit about the downloadable content.
They just want the game and all that.
I think there's a chunk of that 10 million that's going to stay on Sony's side.
We shall see.
Well, speaking of downloadable content, Eidos UK has said that the Tomb Raider anniversary
for Xbox 360 is going to be available as a series of downloads in conjunction with Tomb
Raider Legend.
Basically you're downloading each of them as different parts of the game, with free
downloads being Lara's Manor, all that type of stuff.
However, each of these episodes are going to be about $30 apiece, 2,400 Microsoft points.
I wouldn't suppose there will be a downloadable topless Lara patch like there was on the PC
versions.
No.
That's most unfortunate.
They're saying that the first two are going to be available in September.
Wow.
I don't know though, I kind of don't care about Tomb Raider anymore.
I played that Tomb Raider game on the 360, I don't even remember what it was called,
the retail release that came out a few months ago, I didn't really dig it, kind of over
Lara Croft.
Yeah, I haven't really cared about her since you could throw her off the balcony in Tomb
Raider II and break her neck and do the exploding code.
It was kind of fun to kill her off.
And lock her butler in the lock-in freezer.
Could you really do that?
Yes, you could.
That's the only way you could keep him from following you.
All right.
Well, while those downloadable contents will be out in September, there's plenty of games
coming out before then.
We're going to travel around the world and cover some upcoming release dates.
And what better way to start it off than listen to me horribly butcher some Japanese game
names of the stuff that's coming out soon.
On the Xbox 360 on June 28th, Project Silpheed is coming out.
It's actually going to the Asian regions, not just Japan.
A Donkey Kong Bongo Blast and Taru Jet Race is coming out on the Nintendo Wii on June
28th.
I believe that is the Bongo-less Bongo game because you have the Wiimotes.
Kind of fun, interesting.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, Marvel Ultimate Alliance finally hits Japan on June 28th.
And also you can get Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas in the Japanese region on that same
day, all coming out on June 28th.
Coming out on the PlayStation 2, a game called Baroque from Sting.
A special edition of Devil May Cry 3, but that's just a price reduction really.
Also an earlier version of Dragon Quest goes into the Ultimate Hits collection.
I believe this is one of the side quest stories.
Actually a special edition thing for Devil May Cry 3, I believe is the one that they
released over here where it was the greatest hits, but they also added an additional playable
character and additional difficulties.
This is a reduction for a Dragon Quest 8 spin-off story that was on the PlayStation 2, and I
don't remember this game being here.
I don't know if they have reported this over here, perhaps somebody else in our chatroom
knows a little more about that game.
No.
Now I don't think that game ever came out here, because that's because the game is way
bigger over in Japan.
Also coming out, Metal Slug on the PlayStation 2, yes, moving into the best hits.
What?
What?
What?
What?
I love Metal Slug.
I'll kill you.
Let's see, also coming out on June 28th in Japan, Neon Genesis Evangelion Battle Orchestra.
What?
Excuse me, what?
Why do they keep putting out games for that anime that's been, what, 10 years gone now?
Because people buy them.
The ones on Saturn sucked.
The one on Nintendo 64 sucked.
Why do they keep doing it?
Tales of Fandom Volume 2 coming out from Namco Bandai on June 28th, also on the PlayStation
2.
Taito Memories, also known as Eternal Hits, coming out in two versions.
That's Gekkan and Jukkan, and I believe that's very similar to what we have over here as
the Taito Greatest Hits collection, the comparable thing we have here already in America.
Also coming out in Japan, The King of Fighters XI moving into the best hits collection on
the 28th.
That's in case moving a lot of stuff into best hits on PlayStation 2.
Quickly checking the handheld systems, Kuri Kuri DS is coming out on June 28th.
Otasuke Island.
This looks like one of those cute little chibi games, I don't know, it's an action game.
Looks like with bunnies and an angry pink bunny sailing a ship.
That's what I can tell from the box art, because I don't bother to read up on what these games
are really about.
Konami is releasing a game over in Japan on the DS called Otona no Joryoku Kentai, which
looks like a game with sexy ladies.
Looks like another dating sim type game, I'm not sure what this is.
Looks like another dating sim type game, we'll just call it that.
And let's see, also coming out, I'm just checking real quick to see what's coming out on the
PSP.
Lots of releases here on June 28th.
Ratchet & Clank gets its PSP release on June 28th, and just for Jamie, Secret of Evangelion
Portable coming out on the 28th.
That's it!
I wish it was all Neon Genesis over here too, that would have been funny, but it's not.
So anyways, next week there's a ton of releases, a lot of them coming out based on movies,
one of which is Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, that's going to be coming
out on almost everything, PlayStation 2, PSP, 360, PlayStation 3, and the Wii, PSP, and
I believe DS also.
Then of course Ratatouille, that's going to be coming out on almost everything, PlayStation
2, GameCube, PlayStation 3, 360, and the Wii, DS, and PSP.
Now Transformers, that's going to be coming out on all the console systems, so that'll
be pretty cool.
And then on the Wii, we've got Pokemon Battle Revolution, so that's pretty slick.
The Biggs is going to be coming out on PlayStation 2, Wii, PlayStation 3, and 360, kind of like
an arcade style baseball game.
Grim Grimoire is going to be coming out on PlayStation 2, that one's supposed to be pretty
good.
Also on PSP, just this small little game called Final Fantasy is going to be coming out as
well.
What's that game about?
I've never heard of it.
I don't know, but I hear it's kind of a Japanese style game.
Oh, then never mind.
I don't know if I'll be playing that, but never mind.
Then of course, this is actually something I'm interested in, TracksPad, it's kind
of a portable music studio type thing, so I'm going to be picking that up, maybe make
some music with that.
And then on 360 also, we had Hour of Victory coming out, Overlord, it's making its way
out here, and on PlayStation 3, hopefully, Rainbow Six Vegas, because that thing's
been delayed so many freaking times.
And I believe that's it.
I have some stuff.
Alright, who's release dates do you have?
These are the UK release dates.
On the 26th, we have Cosmic Family for Wii, and Harry Potter and the Odor of Phoenix.
Sorry, Odor.
And then a bunch of crap on the 29th, we have Crazy Taxi, Fair Wars on PSP, I love Crazy
Taxi, Driver Parallel Lines, Final Fantasy 6 Advance, which I already have in my purse,
Hour of Victory, Lost Planet, Extreme Condition, more brain training from Dr. Kalashima, How
Old is Your Brain?, Project Silpheed, I want Project Silpheed!
Sorry.
Few more weeks.
Few more weeks.
No, you have no idea, I played the shit out of Silpheed on the Sega CD.
Second week in July.
When I saw the thing for Project Silpheed, I about crapped my pants or something, I don't
care.
Oops, I crapped my pants.
Oops, I crapped my pants.
I was all like, Silpheed, pretty.
Did you make that little moaning noise that you made earlier?
That made the chat room go, oh really?
Anyway, Puzzle League DS, Resident Evil 4 Wii Edition, which I hear is absolutely really
awesome, Super Stardust HD on Playstation 3, Tenchu Z, The Darkness, sounds like a bad
fan fiction, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas,
Vampire Reign, Agon Lost Swords of Toledo, is that like Ohio?
Is this Toledo?
Is that Ohio?
Okay, we're going to Ohio to look for the sword, and Eye of Shit, I mean Eye of Judgment.
What the?
Wait, Eye of Judgment?
Wait, no, no, no.
PlayStation 3.
Aw, something's gotta be screwed up with that calendar.
29th.
Really?
Yep.
What?
That's a bit early, it seems.
It does.
And Steel Horizons.
I was going to say, there's a few that I missed for the U.S. Darkness, which isn't just a
fan fiction, I hope you know.
It's actually a Top Cow comic, I believe, I thought it was published by Image as well,
being made into a live action movie as well.
It's kind of like a cross between demonic possession and a mafia story type thing, basically
rip people apart with demons.
And what was the other one?
Oh, Driver Parallel Lines for the Wii, but you know, you probably don't want to pick
that one up anyways, so.
Darkness.
Isn't that a cliche thing to call your game or whatever, Darkness, I don't know.
But that's the name of the comic book series, the Darkness.
It's the demonic thing that possessed him.
Alright, anything else, Dark Sakura for our UK listeners?
Your mom!
Really?
What platform is she coming out on?
The Last Knight platform.
I hate you.
Going over to the Virtual Console, I know a lot of you kids like to download the old
school classics on the Wii Virtual Console, and leave it to the ESRB to blow some more
ideas on titles that are coming out.
Shining Force is coming out for the Sega Genesis soon.
Super Turrican and Super Turrican 2 soon.
But most interesting of all, a game called Dr. Mario Wii.
Now you'll notice that the Wii, now people don't really know what this is, if this is
like a typo, if they just meant to put Dr. Mario and they put like the Wii or whatever
is in there, or if this is actually like a whole new game, hmm, wouldn't that be something,
a whole new game based on Dr. Mario?
That sounds like fun to me.
I would be really impressed if it were SNK, but unfortunately...
I don't think it would be, seeing as Dr. Mario is a Nintendo license.
No, I'm talking about the whole new game part.
Alright.
Alright, well that's pretty much it, so be on the lookout for that, and hopefully that
Dr. Mario Wii thing is a new thing.
You know, in my mind, if that is something new, that would be the perfect thing to release
the week of E3.
Mark my words.
Dr. Mario Wii.
It's a start.
It's not, you know, probably a game that a lot of us are going to get super duper excited
about, but it's a start.
It's something we don't have yet.
You know what I mean?
It's something new being made for the Wii, if that makes any sense.
It's better than everybody votes channel, okay?
Let's just leave it at that.
Everybody votes channel!
Everybody votes to change this channel.
I fucking hate that channel, by the way.
Just completely useless.
Anyways, so, interesting rumor, kind of also associated with Nintendo here.
That would be that they will be licensing their properties to be made into games onto
the Apple iPhone.
I don't know if anyone remembers, back in the day, there was a certain platform which
they licensed their games to be made onto.
Yeah, CDI games didn't turn out very well.
But apparently, they're supposed to be coming out on the iPhone, priced at about $29 each.
So is $29 worth paying for a downloadable game that's going to be probably a remake
of Mario Brothers?
I don't know.
Sounds more like a rumor to me.
Okay, the most interesting thing about this story, like, I could kind of care less about
the game.
I personally am not interested in the iPhone, but I have a lot of friends who are, like,
doing the campout thing and all that crap to get this stupid phone.
Not my thing, but I don't have $600 to burn.
For those that want it, hey, good for you.
Can I have a loan?
But the point behind this story, Yuri Lover in chat sums it up perfectly, OMG, Nintendo
and Apple are in bed together.
I mean, this is what the fanboys wanted, like, years ago.
They kept saying, gee, Nintendo likes to put cute things out, Apple likes to put cute things
out in different colors, just like Nintendo, why aren't these companies in bed together?
And here they go, there's a little foreplay going on here with this story, right?
Is this foreplay?
I think it's just a rumor, to be honest.
You think this is just bullshit?
I think this is bullshit, but it wouldn't surprise me that they're going to try to
whore themselves out and it wouldn't surprise me that stupid morons that pay $600 for a
fucking phone would pay $30 for downloadable content on said phone.
Geniuses that buy this shit, so, way to go.
You know what, maybe you should go purchase a Playstation 3 while you're at it, since
you didn't have all this excess money to throw around.
Are you just mad because you're poor?
No, I don't want this fucking phone.
I would not pay $600 for a goddamn phone.
So anyway, for anyone who is one of our friends in the UK, they just got a big treat on the
Virtual Console.
Guess what's out?
Mega Man!
Um, your mom, oh.
No, my mom doesn't put out for me.
Mega Mom.
Mega Man just made it out for 500 Wii points, and from Turbografx-16 China Warriors is another
new one on there.
They are both games from 1989, but, um, dude, I'm just excited about Mega Man, because,
you know, all the Mega Man 2, though, was really the better game.
Mega Man, though, was really cool.
Is one of the ones that has beaten.
I like Mega Man and all, but what about, you know, the whole Mega Man collection that was
on GameCube and the Wii's backwards compatible, you know?
Do people care?
Yeah, me.
I'm not gonna spend money on the Virtual Console Mega Man when that game's out there.
Well, neither am I. I mean, I have the freaking cartridge.
By the way, I can't lend you one of my Nintendos, but that's another story.
Um, but, you know, but for people who may not have bought the collection or may just
say, oh, well, that's pretty cool, Mega Man, they might want to get it, so.
So in other words, for lazy people who are one-click shoppers.
Yeah.
Alright, there you go.
Very good.
Very good.
Then carry on.
And talk to me later about the Nintendo.
Carry on one-click.
Did you say you can borrow it?
I have, like, three.
You can borrow one.
Sweet!
I thought you said you can't.
No.
I'm totally gonna get a copy of Guardian Legend for myself.
You can borrow mine, too, if you want.
Awesomeness.
I'm not playing it.
I can only tear myself away from World of Warcraft.
There are free, easier methods to, you know, obtain Guardian Legends to play it on a console.
It's not the same.
It's not the same.
I can't explain it.
It's not the same.
Those little imperfections bug me.
There's something rewarding about blowing on the cartridge and putting it in the machine
and it'll finally work at some point.
I don't know.
I'm not talking about that.
Hopefully there's a lot of rewards from this game as well or else there's gonna be a lot
of people that are pissed off because Spore, which you might remember was my favorite game
I saw at last year's E3, well, I'm gonna be waiting a long frickin' time to play this
game, as are all of you, because this game has been pushed back to the fiscal year 2009.
That means that it will, at earliest, come out in April of 2008.
Now some folks were, you know, this game was already supposed to be out, then it got pushed
back to this fiscal year, then it got pushed back to next fiscal year, then it was like,
oh, it's gonna come out by the Christmas, oh, it's gonna come out first quarter 2008,
here we go again, it just got delayed to April 2008 at the earliest.
And it's so weird because when, you know, when we saw the demo, I was like, this game
looks like it's almost done.
The game looks great.
I mean, maybe that's why they only showed us one element of the game, you know, maybe
looks can be deceiving, but I don't know.
It's just it's a massive game and they want to make sure they get it right, that's all.
For a change, yay!
Gerardimo calls this game in our chat room Spore Forever, a little play on Duke Nukem
Forever, get it?
Yeah, but at least we've actually seen screenshots and like, you know, playable Spore, like,
you know, because they show, I mean, even though you weren't able to play the demo yourself,
they did kind of like a, you know, a user-assisted tutorial type thing at E3 and it looked, it
looked pretty awesome.
I mean, it was awesome enough to get me the most excited over any other game I saw at
E3 last year.
It looked awesome.
But nevertheless, I am pissed off about the fact that this game is delayed.
I don't know how Loki and Dark Sakura feel, but since I'm at the soundboard and I'm angry
enough, I push the button and out come the FUs.
Dark Sakura, start us off.
Um, FU to life.
I'm sorry to hear that.
That's it?
Yeah.
But that's a good blanket FU to kind of encompass everything.
Oh yeah, because there's a whole bunch of shit going on, so FU to all of it.
Sorry to hear that.
Uh, once again, I would like to repeat my distaste for street smart cool cat.
That fucking idiot can die in a fire and I hope your game sucks balls and does not sell
one piece.
It is horrible and you need to stop.
I would like to say FU to Bobby Blackwell for correcting me in chat saying dude knew
them forever was playable at E3 1998 on the Quake 2 engine.
FU Bobby and your old show 100 weeks, whatever.
Just kidding.
I heart Bobby.
I also want to say a big FU to the DMV because I have to go there tomorrow and nobody likes
going to the DMV because I have to get my license renewed because my birthday is coming
up and I got to get that all taken care of before my birthday or else I won't have a
driver's license.
FU to the possibility I may not have a driver's license.
That's it.
Anyways, so there's something actually pretty cool coming out of the homebrew scene and
that is a sequel, a homebrew sequel to Sonic the Hedgehog and it actually looks pretty
cool.
The name of the game is Sonic the Hedgehog XG or Extended Genesis and pretty much captures
the original Sonic the Hedgehog game series very accurately.
It's scheduled to have 10 unique zones, 18 acts along with his secret zone after Chaos
Central and no word though on what it's coming out on, I would assume PC, but pretty
awesome.
They have a video on Destructoid if you want to check it out.
Really cool looking game.
Not even really a fan of the Sonic the Hedgehog series.
Hopefully it gets released and you can download it before Sega's lawyers get on them.
Oh, that would be nice.
Well, other Sonic news that I think is actually kind of cool is BioWare is doing a Sonic RPG
that's going to be on the Nintendo DS.
It's supposed to be out in 2008.
There's not a whole bunch out on it, but it's just saying that Sega is standing behind
what BioWare has planned doing and BioWare wants to do it, blah, blah, blah.
So I hope it's good.
It could be.
You know, they did good stuff for what, didn't they do Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic,
so...
And the upcoming Mass Effect game, which is going to be like one of the best role playing
games for the 360.
You hope.
It looks...
It does look pretty frickin' amazing.
Amazing.
Look at that.
Every time I hear about this, I think about the Mario RPG for some sick reason.
I mean, because you know, Squeenix helped to make, well, it was just Square back then,
but Squaresoft made the Mario RPG game, and that was like a top of the line developer,
especially back at that time at the... I remember Final Fantasy was like all the rage
at that point.
Just kind of interesting that now you have this BioWare who's kind of like also an A-list
developer kind of making this Sonic RPG.
I just hope it doesn't blow chunks like all the other Sonic games that have come out in
the past three years.
My thoughts exactly.
And you know, that makes me also pissed off because remember there was, I think, Square
Enix was saying that they wanted to dedicate themselves to the Nintendo platforms.
Make me another goddamn Super Mario RPG.
Since you've dedicated yourself to the Nintendo platforms, why don't you make yourself useful
and do that instead of making another fuckin' sequel to Final Fantasy VII.
It's a BlackDevilRX in chat.
It says, Sega and BioWare are in bed... We have a lot of in bed stories tonight.
What's up with that?
Go figure.
Before we get to the next story, I actually want to share this comment.
BlackBoy, thank you buddy, who actually was featured on GayGamer.net this week, by the
way, I noticed.
Congratulations to you, BlackBoy.
He actually sent me a link that contests the whole Spore is Delayed story that we just
reported on.
Apparently, another website picked this up, NextGen.biz, a pretty popular site for gaming
news, picked up that actually there's a little bit of misinformation going on with that story.
They already announced a long time ago that the game was going to be delayed to the next
fiscal year, but some people were picking up this story, and for some reason saying
that the fiscal year 2009 meant April 2009, which isn't the case.
We did say that meant April 2008, but EA wants to tell you that's not nothing new.
There's a quote here from... This comes from John Riccitello, CEO, says, quote, there seems
to be some misinformation flying around.
Nothing's changed since our call on May 8th, where John Riccitello specifically said that
we were moving Spore from fiscal 08 to early fiscal 09.
Maybe that Spore thing wasn't news after all, but I'm still angsty about it.
That's a long time to wait.
I actually still was thinking it was coming out Christmas this year.
I somehow missed the boat on that story.
Go figure.
Nevertheless, thanks for the corrections.
We report on what's big on the gaming blogs out there and what catches our eye, and we're
not always going to be 100% on target, but we try to get close.
Hopefully, this is accurate, because this is something trying to foresee things a little
bit.
This would be the list of Halo 3 achievements coming to you, thanks to Xbox360achievements.org.
For those of you that are achievement point whores, Loki...
I'm buying the game.
You're not buying it?
No.
You're not really a first-person shooter fan, right?
Not really a Halo fan.
If I bought it, would you want to borrow it to try and get some of the achievements?
No.
All right.
Well, for those of you that like to get your achievements and you like your Halo, you can
be looking forward to some various achievements, including basically it looks like every chapter
in the game gets its own achievement, up to nine chapters, the ninth chapter being called
Return, some achievements for when you complete the campaign on Normal, Heroic, and Legendary,
also some Hidden Skulls, looking like they claim some different achievements throughout
the game.
Then, of course, there are some various player versus player achievements, awards being given
for Triple Kill, Overkill, Headshots, and then some achievements still in question because
you actually see the achievement says score over X amount of points in the campaign meta
game on the second mission for some various achievements named such thing as Demon, Gorilla,
Vanguard, Reclaimer, so looks like about nine different achievements there, so kind of interesting.
So that's what the achievements look like for Halo 3.
Someone was asking me in chat room what my favorite all-time first-person shooter is.
TimeSplitters 2, fucking awesome game.
Anyways, let's see here.
There's some interesting developments in the whole Immersion thing.
Remember back, Immersion, of course, sued Sony over the rumble technology in their controllers.
So now we've got Microsoft suing Immersion, and the reason is apparently because the whole
Sony lawsuit, and since they settled on that, that violates some sort of agreement that
Microsoft had with Immersion when they were licensing the technology.
According to Microsoft, Microsoft licenses technology in both in and out and relies on
these agreements to be honored and enforced.
Our request to the court is that all companies and industry partners should play by the same
rules and that the binding agreement we signed with Immersion be honored.
In other words, they're suing because they settled with Sony, and basically that would
kind of say that Sony is not playing by the same rules, so I don't know.
Poor babies.
Let's pout and sue.
What exactly, somebody remind me, because I haven't really been following the details
of all these stories.
I just see the headlines and I go, oh, lawsuit, lawsuit.
What exactly has Immersion done for gaming?
They developed apparently rumble technology.
Apparently they developed rumble technology.
Well, they have trademarks, so.
But was it one of those things where like, because I remember, did they develop the first,
what is it, the Nintendo CC4 rumble pack was the first thing that had rumble, right?
Yeah, I think so.
Did they develop that?
No.
It's one of those companies that makes a patent or patents something and then sits on it until
someone makes it and then they go and sue them.
Interesting.
Because I'm like, what exactly has Immersion done besides sue people and get sued?
Like have they ever made a game?
Have they ever made a third party product?
No.
Nothing.
Interesting.
So, what a waste of everybody's time this company seems to be, unless I'm totally missing
something here, because I can't think of anything Immersion has actually done.
I'll look them up on Wikipedia during this next statement, where Dark Soccer is going
to surf the internet ups and down and all over and try to find her favorite website
of the week, and this better be a good one, because it is a special show tonight.
Dark Soccer, where should the kids be pointing their browsers to this week?
Today's website of the week is one that should be near and dear to the hearts of anyone who
has ever gotten married.
It's UglyDress.com.
It's a dress, it shows the worst bridesmaids dresses ever with photographs.
And these are really awful.
There's one on here that looks like a flag, and I'm not even joking, it's really nasty.
And it's not just weddings either, it's ugly cakes, and ugly shoes, and tuxedos and shit.
It's really just awful, awful stuff.
There's some show that they all watch on Ventrilo in World of Warcraft, the guild, and it's
very similar to what you're talking about.
It's like, God, now I can't remember the name of the show.
It's like Fashion Emergency or something like that, or you can't wear that outside.
I can't think of the name of the show.
Loki, you're laughing, you know what I'm talking about?
I don't know what the hell you're talking about.
I don't know, but when Dark
War
Anyway, I looked up Immersion Corporation, by the way, on Wikipedia.
BlackWolf in chat came to save the day because BlackWolf knows more about gaming than I do,
apparently.
BlackWolf said, Sky, Immersion patented the technology behind the PlayStation and Xbox
Rumble technology.
And I'm looking at Wikipedia here.
Immersion Corporation of San Jose, California is a developer of Haptic Technology.
The company was founded in 1993.
Immersion's technology is employed in automotive, entertainment, medical training, mobility,
personal computing, and three-dimensional simulation applications.
Immersion's patent portfolio includes over 500 issues or pending patents in the U.S.
and other countries.
Immersion was used as an example in an article on patent trolls by Game Daily Biz.
So I guess we're not the first people to say something about that, so kudos to Game Daily
Biz.
I'm glad they have something called patent trolls.
That's kind of funny.
Thank you, Wonder Dog Herald in chat.
It's called What Not to Wear, is the name of the show.
It's called What Not to Wear.
So you should check out that show, DarkStarter, because I know you don't watch TV.
Isn't that on style?
Here's a torrent.
I don't know.
That's on Style Network.
I think so.
Why do I know this?
I don't even have that.
Because your wife probably watches it.
It totally sounds like something your wife probably watches.
All right, anyhow, just trying to get caught up on some other chat room comments here.
Saikun says, stop using us, Rob, because I guess I'm using the chat room to do research
tonight.
Let's go on to another story here.
Last week we had a fun little debate on video game addiction, which you'll remember Jamie
lost because she made fun of me.
And when you make fun of me, you instantly lose.
But I make fun of you all the time.
I know.
And so you lose all the time.
No, just kidding.
But what's interesting about this is this is a news article that was released by the
Associated Press.
So it was picked up on sites by Yahoo and CNN and some of those sites.
Video game addiction could possibly be a new diagnosis.
This is somewhat a bit of a follow-up to the article we were talking about last week.
The AMA is going to be having this meeting, and it already started in Chicago.
And the council is going to be asking the group to lobby for the disorder to be included
in a widely used mental illness manual created and published by the American Psychiatric
Association, video game addiction.
Now if this were actually happening, this could mean that possibly your insurance would
cover this as any other type of mental disorder like alcoholism.
So would they have to cover buying more games?
Because obviously I'm addicted to games, and I need that.
I can't wean myself up.
I don't think it works like that actually.
It's like the gum or something.
Most insurance companies don't cover this type of thing very well anyway, even if it
even covers it at all.
I mean, insurance companies have to cover certain mental conditions, but I don't think
this is one of them.
It's my medicinal pot because I'm stuck playing video games.
Actually insurance companies don't cover, don't ask me how I know so much about insurance,
but I do.
Insurance companies don't cover marijuana because it's not a federally recognized drug.
It's only recognized in certain states.
So your insurance company typically won't cover marijuana, just so you know.
But you can get a prescription for it.
You can in certain states.
Yes.
Including California.
And there's only certain farms that are allowed to grow it.
I'm sorry, how did we get from video game diagnosis story to pot growing?
Because we give our listeners what they want to know.
I see.
Anyway, from the story here, I want to point this out.
Joyce Protopapas of Frisco, Texas said her 17-year-old son Michael was a video game addict.
Actually, the story says a video addict.
Over nearly two years, video and internet games transformed him from an outgoing academically
gifted team into a reclusive manipulator who flunked two 10th grade classes and spent several
hours a day and night playing a popular online video game called World of Warcraft.
My father was an alcoholic and I saw exactly the same thing and Michael said, Protopapas,
we battled him until October of last year.
We went to therapists.
We tried taking the game away.
He would threaten us physically.
He would curse and call us every name imaginable.
It was if he was possessed.
And when she suggested to therapists that Michael had a video game addiction, nobody
was familiar with it.
They all pooh-poohed it.
And finally, they found a therapist and they sent Michael to a therapeutic boarding school,
$5,000 a month that the insurance didn't cover to get him kicked off the video game.
You know what my mom would have done if I flunked a class over video games?
She would have thrown the TV out a window or she actually did this once.
She took the power cord to the Nintendo so I couldn't hook it up to the TV for months
and I wasn't at the age where I could just run out and buy a new power cord because I
was only 14 when this happened.
So I couldn't hook up the Nintendo for a couple months because I was doing badly in a class.
And I realize the mom is saying that the kid was going off and threatening her physically
and all this other stuff.
But to me, that's a whole other issue that needs dealing with.
That's like just making a bad thing worse to add the whole world up thing.
I'm powerless to do anything about these video games.
Fucking bullshit is what it is.
She needs to get off her fucking drunken ass and take care of her damn kids is what she
needs to do.
I don't know.
I think it's stupid that she couldn't just take away the game system.
He's a 14-year-old.
Beat the crap out of him.
It's easy.
If she can't do it...
I don't know if I would go that far.
She should put him in one of those deprivation tanks.
It sounds like he had a lot of problems besides just video games and maybe he should have
gone to the boarding school already.
That's a good idea.
I agree with you, Rob.
Once again, you know, other problems and then because he's playing video games, obviously
the video games have a problem.
Fucking hate people.
Hold on.
Did Jamie say she agreed with me?
Oh my God.
It only took five years and finally Jamie agrees with me on something.
This is a blessed holy day.
I'm so excited.
Jamie finally agrees with me.
Is this like your present to me on this anniversary show or something?
Rob?
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
Rob.
I will kill you in the face.
Art, you're...
Have a jammy dodger.
I don't want a jammy dodger.
Hey, all of our Eddie Izzard fans, I bought jammy dodgers.
Will you dodger that jammy when I shove it up your ass?
Then fine.
You don't get any of the, um, stuff I bought for part B.
No, but I want the stuff you brought for part B.
The stuff I bought for part B is great.
So...
Sorry.
Some news comes from apparently a...
Oh wait.
I'm sorry.
Can I read chat comments?
chat that was a big story so I'm sorry I
was too busy fighting with Jamie I hope
you all will understand Ross deal UT
says it's a symptom of a larger problem
that is ignored because the video games
are a scapegoat that's a very good word
for what's going on there scapegoat gold
banjo says I have so much video game
systems and stuff that I always have
stuff to do when my parents take away
something well maybe they need to lock
you in a room with with fluffy walls and
I don't know blaze says I don't buy this
addiction thing those types of doctors
are the same to buy into the whole truth
serum thing yikes all right anyway
someone is now you can do your story so
apparently there is this is coming from a
game spot forum poster said they were
took part in a recent survey about a
unannounced PlayStation Network episodic
game called nine-to-five apparently the
game is supposed to be kind of like an
interactive sitcom where you're
basically kissing the boss's butt to
avoid being fired you know all sorts of
weird stuff like that kind of like the
office or something anyways they're
saying that it's supposed to have four
episodes which introduce you to mega
Corp I guess a multinational corporation
obviously fake each episode supposed to
be about three hours long with sitcom
storylines and cliffhangers about 25
characters they're going to be in the
actual thing and you can interact with
each one of them including like flirting
and whatnot apparently it's going to be
written by written and I guess voice
acted by people that have been on comedy
Central's Saturday Night Live Daily Show
spell show Conan Bryan etc interesting
and the game supposed to run about five
dollars for an episode or fourteen
dollars for all four Wonder Dog Herald
says nine-to-five should be based on the
movie fuck yes but Dolly Parton hell
yeah working on to do I almost watched
that the other night because I was
feeling a little gay because it is
pride weekend after all so I felt like I
had to do something really gay this
weekend so I almost watched nine to five
last night but then I opted to go to bed
instead I didn't do any pride festivities
this weekend because I'm not I'm not
into that whole like parade and running
around shirtless thing and I don't get
it not my thing anyhow let's go on to
the next story next story well for all
of us who are friends of friends fans of
Hudson soft rising star games has a deal
to bring seven titles to Europe this is
taking place between September and March
2008 for PSP DS and we and there's not
really a list of what those are except
for possibly Harvest Moon and Rainbow
Islands Bomberman please oh so hooray
another the Harvest Moon game on the Wii
is that really a surprise to anybody no
chirp chirp chirp speaking of which was
that there's like two more Harvest Moon
games coming out this summer on the PSP
and DS shock and I'm so say guess what
they're all the same and they're still
not as good as Animal Crossing fucking
same and you people still buy him we're
starting to wrap up this segment here
but not out before a couple more stories
here we want to show Sony a little love
we haven't really talked a whole lot
about them tonight we got to say this
Sony and I don't know if you would
consider this love though because this
may be an anti Sony statement I don't
know here but what's going on here is
that Sony who is the direct the director
of PlayStation Network operations Eric
Lempel said that the PlayStation Network
may not always be free he said basically
that the PlayStation Network's only real
difference over Xbox Live is the price
which you know mmm interesting but then
of course then this other exec kind of
stepped in and then said well it may not
always be free so kind of interesting
and I wouldn't say that's the only
difference between the two well yeah
that in the Xbox Live Marketplace has a
lot of content or as the PlayStation
Network as I understand it has very
little content now granted PlayStation
it has some very good content like that
Tekken game good start and you know
there's a lot of promising things about
some of these originals they're making
on PlayStation Network they look a heck
of a lot more promising than some of the
rehash stuff we get on Xbox Live but you
know is it gonna be too little too late
that's you know all I worry about so
that's nice speaking of something a
little too little too late Dead or Alive
the movie is delayed forever and it
finally came out and how did it do well
it sucked it stinks as Jay would say
from the critic apparently opened on
505 screens across the country and
pulled in a whopping two hundred and
thirty two thousand dollars which is
crappy that's about four hundred and
sixty dollars per screen oh my god
that's atrocious that's like what movies
at discount theaters make like that's
what a movie is like almost on video
what it's supposed to make that's really
bad is that because of is that because
piracy ruined it is that because I never
saw a single ad for this game outside of
the internet anywhere I don't think the
advertising motion lack of emotion but
it also opened up against what the hell
did open up against something that was a
lot better than it was well to any other
movie I think it opened up against not
pirates but I mean pirates came out
shortly before it but just any other
movie but Fantastic Four I think came
out the same week Silver Surfer that's
right which I don't know I'm hearing
that movie ain't all that either but I
don't I don't I still want to see it it
depends on who you ask I don't I don't
get excited about summer movies anymore
except for Transformers I really do want
to see Transformers I didn't want to see
until I saw those last few trailers let's
see Ross steel UT says sky it's because
it sucked and that's what Cy Coon says
to us because it fucking sucked the afro
guy said why isn't the dead or alive
movie on DVD I mean why didn't it go
straight to DVD that's a good question
Loki I don't know you used to do before
you were doing games distribution you
did movie distribution so any insight on
that what kind of movies tend to go
directly to DVD well besides the Disney
sequels like Cinderella three there are
a lot of Disney sequels they go straight
to DVD usually movies that they don't
want to spend money on advertising
because it costs a lot of money to
advertise a movie and if they feel it's
not going to do that well in theaters
they'll release it straight to DVD you
get actually there are there's a whole
you know set of was it a movie companies
that do knockoff movies in fact their
latest one happens to be spoofing I'll
really call it spoofing but having the
exact same plot line and stuff as
transformers is called transmorphers you
know go bot and also they have was it
snakes on a train stuff like that so a
lot of that goes I like cheese just said
that snakes on the train yeah but um I
don't know also what was that movie we
all watched cheerleading ninjas or
whatever that was cheerleader ninjas
then it was incredible that was not I've
got some good ones though I've got some
good ones that are coming out was it
dead clowns about zombie clowns that's
going to be cool oh god it's a clowns
what's your house from outer space killer
clowns from outer space that's gonna be
awesome no that already came out I know
years ago I know and it was awesome when
I have a whole clown horror night people
are raving about the DVD sequels in chat
even though this isn't game related I
guess it is a little bit dark Tetsuya
says I mean really Bambi to WTF I know
what the hell Bambi to Bambi to my mom
is still dead no Bambi to Bambi was
grown up and it's his kids now so oh
well that makes it okay that's a big
Disney cop-out I'm sorry the only Bambi
to I was ever interested in was there
was Godzilla vs. Bambi and then Godzilla
vs. Bambi to Bambi's revenge Godzilla
vs. Bambi was alone in the dark to the
afro guy says isn't there a Lion King 4
I don't think I don't know if there's a
Lion King for but if I remember right
there was a Lion King like two and a
half one in a one and a half but one of
these movies I don't know if it was one
and a half or Lion King three one of
these movies was where the Lion King's
forever Simba's friends what were his
friends name that's right too many
people like the side story about where
the friends are right now yeah was what
wall they what the hell was that no it
It was funny.
It was pretty funny.
They actually did...
It was Lion King One and a Half and it was about what was going on from their perspective
and stuff.
And I don't know.
It was kind of neat.
It was funny.
But yeah.
There's a lot to go straight to DVD.
I mean, just look at your video store.
I mean, your local video store.
So why not Dead or Alive?
This was a prime candidate to go straight to DVD.
It was supposed to go straight to DVD at one time, but they decided, hey, we're going to
release it to the theaters because people are going to go see it.
Boy, were they wrong.
But how much money does it cost to put a movie in theaters?
I mean, if they didn't spend any money on promotion, did they really lose anything?
Not a whole lot.
They probably wouldn't lose anything.
And it actually probably would help the film a little bit, especially if they leave it
in there long enough to do a few million dollars.
Because they'll be able to get that one critic.
Because the thing about putting your movie in theaters is that the critics will review
it.
So you'll get that one critic who will give the movie an amazing review just because he
wants to have his name in all the papers in the advertisement.
Dead or Alive is a very tantalizing action movie.
And it sucks.
But they wouldn't say that.
They'd leave that part out.
Sexy action.
If you were to call this movie great and awesome, you would be horribly wrong.
It's great and awesome.
DJ Morpheus in Chat Room makes a local joke.
Those of you folks from Sacramento will love this joke.
And it's always Mark S. Allen.
Tiger Claw says there's a Starship Troopers 3 in the works that's going straight to video.
And Casper Van Dien is reprising the role he did in the first movie.
That's because Casper Van Dien hasn't really done anything in the series.
He has done a lot of things.
Has he?
It's all straight to DVD.
Well, that's a heck of a career.
There's a lot of people that, that's how you know they've kind of lost it.
There's a Jean-Claude Van Damme and fucking Steven Seagal, man.
They're still making stuff.
A lot of things.
Because people actually buy that shit up.
Same thing with Chuck Norris, dude.
Chuck Norris hasn't made too much.
I still say they need to do Chuck Norris vs. The World, you know, because I would say that
would totally fit.
I say Freddy vs. Jason vs. Walker Texas Ranger.
How about that?
Chuck Norris vs. Michael Myers.
Okay, now we're crazy.
Alright, anyway, somebody also made a point much earlier, and I apologize because your
comments rolled way off the screen, but somebody said porn goes direct to DVD.
All of it.
Yeah.
Well, I don't know.
We don't really keep tabs of the porno theaters around here.
Theaters weren't really what they used to be for porn, if you know what I mean.
Jiranami would like to point out that Orange Lounge is not Baron's Chat.
That's a World of Warcraft joke.
Anyhow, alright, I guess we're going to bring this segment to a close here.
We're going to finish off part A here.
However, part B is coming up, and we're actually going to put the news away tonight for part
B. We're all done with the news, and actually, I should ask real quick, Logie, do you have
any last minute things you want to add, because I know you had a few stories.
Maybe.
Alright, go ahead.
Go ahead.
Well, we'll do it later.
You want to do it later?
Yeah, we'll do it later.
Alright, we'll do it later.
Fine.
We'll put it in part B. In an opportune time.
Alright, then perhaps we're not recording.
The majority of part B will be your calls, and we're dedicating it to you guys, the fans,
the people that have listened every week, that have stuck with Orange Lounge Radio for
the past five years, and really helped made this show what it is, and quite honestly,
given us the motivation to continue to do this show.
It's never really been about the number of people that are listening, because to put
it in perspective, we don't talk about the number of people we have listen to our show
very often, because to me, that's private information.
That's not really, you know, that's our business, and we don't really need to brag.
But for real, the very first episode of Orange Lounge Radio had 15 listeners.
We had 15 listeners for episode one of Orange Lounge Radio, and that was after lots of hype,
lots of, you know, posting on DDR Freak, because we were a Bamani music-related show at the
time.
And I couldn't.
Huh?
And I couldn't.
That's right, because you were in a weird place.
You were in a weird position at the time of DDR Freak Radio.
And we can admit now, five years later, that a whole lot of this, this is the weirdest
thing happened here, is that Iguana Girl and I used to be BFF, but then we had like a major
falling out.
And Iguana Girl and I didn't speak for like three years, seriously.
It was pretty dirty.
But the weirdest thing, and the reason why I can say that now is because we're cool now.
You know, we don't hang out every day, but, you know, she's got her life, I've got mine.
We used to understand, we had a treaty.
We had a peace treaty signature.
Anyway.
But the weirdest thing happened is that DDR Freak Radio started, like, and Orange Launch
Radio, like both of us had the plans to do an online radio station.
I didn't say anything.
Yeah.
And nobody, neither one of us kind of knew.
And I knew both ends.
So it was just kind of weird the way that happened.
But regardless, why did we bring that up?
Oh yeah, because we, I tried to promote a lot on DDR Freak, and some of the other Bamani,
I can't remember if Bamani style even existed at the time, but some of the other DDR sites.
Bamani style was around.
Were they?
Some of the other sites that were around at that time, we tried to promote the show.
We had a whopping 15 listeners for the first episode.
And pretty much, honestly, guys, for about the first three years of Orange Launch Radio,
for about the first three years of Orange Launch Radio, I would say we were lucky if
we pulled 40 listeners in the third year.
And that's just the way live radio is, boys and girls, you know.
A lot of folks don't, you know, live 365 kind of limits us a little bit.
And the fact that it's, you know, live show, you know, some other people have better things
to do Sunday night, which is understandable.
But really, podcasting, audio blogging, whatever you want to call it, it really opened doors
for us, because we were really fortunate to jump on that train before it really took off
when iTunes incorporated podcasting in June of 05.
And that was just really awesome for us.
And now our listenership is, you know, I can say it's in the thousands.
It's not like, we're not talking like 9,000, more like two or three thousand people that
we have.
We had the 4,000 week.
Yeah, I mean, but you know, it doesn't, you know, whatever, it's just interesting that
it's blown up so much, thanks to this podcasting thing.
But for me, really not a lot has changed.
The motivation continues to be, because we don't hear from all 4,000 of you.
We appreciate the fact that you guys are listening to the show.
Dear God, not all 4,000 people email me.
We appreciate you guys listening.
I think they should.
And you know, we don't...
We can check the email, how's that?
Let me say this too.
I got to try to wrap this up, because I don't want to.
But we don't know if all 4,000 people are actually listening.
There might be people that click on the file, but don't actually download it, you know.
So we don't actually know exactly how many of those are actual, real listeners.
We speculate we have about 1,800 real, actual people subscribing to the show.
But anyway, that's regardless.
You know, we don't hear from all those people on a real, regular basis.
It's the chatters, it's the callers, it's the folks that send us emails, it's the people
that reach out that really have kind of given us that motivation to keep going for the past
five years.
At least that's how I feel.
I don't know about you guys, but that's really been what it is.
Well, I personally want to dedicate our success to the powers of the underworld.
And that demonic pact you signed one day?
Yeah, but I got my, they refunded me my soul.
Loki, anything you want to add?
I don't know.
What keeps you motivated week after week to do this program?
I'm motivated?
You're an asshole.
I'm motivated.
Like on my live journalism, I'm motivated by spite and porn.
Alright.
I'm motivated by my non-video game addiction.
Alright.
Well, anyhow, so we're dedicating part B to you guys, the listeners, tonight.
We're going to open up the Skype lines all night long and just kind of BS with you guys
and just kind of talk about, you know, what you've been up to in gaming for the past five
years.
We're going to talk about, you know, your favorite gaming memories and just whatever
question we feel like asking.
Because also tonight, Dark Soccer and Loki don't know this, but usually I control the
Skype phone calls.
Oh no, not tonight.
We're going to take turns answering the phone tonight, so Loki you actually have to pay
attention tonight because we're all going to take turns answering the phone tonight.
I don't like turns!
Too bad.
So we'll be back and who knows what could happen.
It's going to be a very interesting part B on this, our five-year anniversary.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into and supporting independent radio.
You guys are awesome and you're the reason we're here.
We'll be right back after this with more.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
