Orange Lounge Radio
These are hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Molochi
Tonight, June 3rd, 2007, rumors surfaced about Mario Kart Wii,
lizard strikes against gold farmers for WoW,
and a famous 80's movie is about to be made into a PC game.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet,
and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
You should know by now that we're that podcast dedicated to video games,
video gaming, gamer culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
We'll be here with you for the next few hours in two parts of a show
to talk about the latest and what's going on in the gaming world.
My name is Rob Roberts.
Say hello also to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Beer!
Beer! It's what's tasty.
That was my weekend, was beer.
Actually, I don't really care for much beer,
except for Guinness, which isn't a beer, it's stout.
No, no, you need to have Newcastle.
I've had Newcastle, I like Newcastle. Newcastle is permissible.
I actually got my husband to like a beer.
What's that?
He likes Killian's Red.
See, if I'm gonna drink, I'm gonna drink something that's actually going to get me drunk,
therefore beer doesn't work.
Depends on what you drink.
Yeah, I mean Guinness.
Chimay.
Well, maybe.
Chimay.
Anyhow, suddenly we've become the food and beverage podcast.
Over there chomping on some food is the one and only Loki.
It's dinner, that's what it is.
And Loki's mic needs to be on.
You think after five years he'd know this?
I expected it to be on for me.
Is it beef?
That's what I have servants for, is a turn on the mic.
Oh yes, let's forget the OLR interns, of which we have none.
Is it beef?
It is beefy.
So it's for dinner.
Great, so we have beer, beef sandwiches from Quiznos, toasty...
It smells very good.
It does.
I had a burrito.
I had a fish burrito.
I had a burger from Chili's.
I did a massage today and got paid with fish.
Alright, we'll let the listeners take that however they want.
Speaking of listeners, if you're listening live here on this Sunday evening, because
we do record live every Sunday night at OrangeloungeRadio.com, you can join our chatroom.
OrangeloungeRadio.com is the place to be, it'll take you right into our chatroom thanks
to Java.
But if you need the information about IRC, it's all on there as well.
You just connect to Game Surge and Channel Orange Lounge.
Anyhow, let's get into the show.
We always like to start it off with a little bit of how is your gaming week?
So we'll start it off with Dark Sakura.
How was your gaming week?
More Marvel Ultimate Alliance and more Pinball, same as usual.
Haven't you beat the damn game yet?
No, because I keep taking my time playing it, and then I go back and start over to do
the levels with other characters to try to figure out all the funny crap they're saying,
but usually I just play with Deadpool and Iron Man.
Gotcha.
Yeah, I actually need to completely redo the Mandarin level with Iron Man because I had
him in the Ultimate outfit, so it's like, dude, you're a different universe, I don't
know who you are.
I was actually tempted to buy Marvel Ultimate Alliance the other day.
Get it on Xbox 360, because I am.
But see, I was also tempted to buy Dead or Alive Extreme 2, so therefore something's
obviously wrong with me.
Boobies.
I need to save money.
Video games are expensive.
Boobies!
Video games are really expensive.
I know.
We don't talk about that enough on this show, but they are freaking expensive.
I have my Pokemans.
I've been going to the gym, I'm back to going to the gym now that my doctor's
giving me the okay, so I get on the recumbent bike and play with my Pokemans.
What's a recumbent bike?
The recumbent bike is where you sit down like you're in a chair.
Sounds dirty.
Well, you know a standard stationary bike has you upright.
Recumbent means leaning back.
Oh, okay.
So I go on the recumbent bike.
So it's like one of those boats that you pedal like.
Or those lame-ass bikes that you see people pedaling.
They're sitting back and it looks stupid and unstable.
Oh, on the streets and stuff.
It actually works out your legs, though, a different way.
Because I have to work back into my whole routine, I'm doing the recumbent bike so
I can sit down and play with my Pokemans, because you cannot play Pokemans on the elliptical.
Yeah, that would be kind of tough.
You can't even freaking read on the elliptical.
It's like, I've got to move my arms, too.
Shit.
But you could listen to great podcasts such as this one you're listening to right now.
Why would I want to listen to us?
I don't know.
I listen to us every Sunday.
I don't know.
Maybe you want to listen to the playback to see what you can do better.
I do everything perfect.
I don't know.
There might be some emailers out there that beg to differ.
Our emailers say that I'm fabulous.
We haven't gotten a good Dark Sakura hate mail in a long time.
This is because they know I'll kill them.
Get on that.
Hey!
All right.
Anyhow, have I pinged out of chat?
Chat room hasn't moved for me in a few minutes.
That's concerning.
I'll check on that while Loki talks about his gaming week.
Which, did it involve going to the gym?
I don't remember if I did go to the gym this week or not.
I think I did one day.
Oh, okay.
One day.
I don't like to, so I don't do it.
Anyways, so this week I played a lot of weird stuff, other than the usual stuff.
I played more Super Paper Mario.
And to be honest, it's getting very repetitive towards the end of the game.
Almost like they've ran out of ideas what to do.
It's like, well, let's just throw a hundred of these towards you.
And how about let's make you replay levels again.
And, oh, that's fun.
So I'll be very glad to see this game over.
And I'll be very glad to return it for some store credit.
Because it's not worth playing again.
Even with all the side crap, not worth it.
Um, let's see.
Then I played my PlayStation 3.
Yes, dusted that thing off.
And then did a nice old firmware update.
And then created myself a Japanese account to download folklore.
And I played it, and it's pretty fun.
Although, since it's in Japanese, I have no idea what the storyline is.
What is this game all about? Because I know nothing about it.
Well, I'm not really sure.
Like I said, because it's all in Japanese.
But there's two different characters you get to play as.
I played through as the guy in the game.
And what you're doing is kind of stealing the souls of these critters that you kill.
Like different enemies, almost like in Final Fantasy.
And you gain abilities that they have.
And you use those as your attacks throughout the game.
So, once you've gotten some abilities and stuff,
you can go and kill larger things and gain their abilities.
But what's kind of neat about it is, once you've killed it,
you actually have to use the six axis tilt stuff in there
to actually physically rip the soul out of whatever it is that you're doing.
So, it's kind of neat.
But then again, there's this one that I couldn't figure out how to do.
I could get it for about five minutes before it finally ripped out of its body.
But I'm sure there's something that I'm just not getting in the translation of the game.
Speaking of all this shaking and body parts and stuff,
what do you know about the Mortal Kombat Armageddon on the Wii?
Because I'm really tempted to get it.
It looks awesome and apparently it's pretty easy to play because of the controls.
Really?
Yeah.
I'm tempted to play.
Plus it has motor combat and you can use your...
That's true.
But I guess it's supposed to be sort of controlled almost like...
Not necessarily...
I guess like a little bit.
I played the one on PlayStation 2 and it was decent.
There was a lot of stuff they crammed into one,
considering it was on the current gen consoles or whatever.
They really crammed a lot into it.
So, I'm interested in checking out the one on the Wii.
I hear it's pretty cool though.
Just some of the descriptions and they have a little gameplay video there
showing how you would play the game and stuff.
It looked very simple.
Even I would be able to pick it up.
I was looking at that list of fatalities that went out to the internet this week.
For some reason, we get Midway press releases all the time,
which is pretty much the same things you end up seeing
because game blogs just copy paste what they're sending out in the press release.
So, we get those same things, but we never get free games from Midway.
Ever.
Right?
I do.
Oh, well, lucky you.
I mean, yeah.
I got, let's see, what, Spy Hunter?
Whoo!
Rampage!
Whoo!
Actually, I take that back.
I did get free games from Midway once
because there's this very sweet gal that worked there that I met at some trade show
and she hooked me up with the classic game archives, which I really like.
Midway put out some of my favorite stuff in the 80s.
So, the only thing that I complain about, about those classic compilations,
is that I have yet to see Journey, the arcade game, show up in one of them,
even though it ran on the same hardware as Timber and all that other stuff.
Well, you've got the licensing rights and stuff.
Who cares?
Anyways.
If they can get Tron on Xbox Live, I can get Journey on Xbox Live.
Stop.
Don't stop believing.
I will hold on to that feeling.
You do that, sir.
So, then I also played, well, I downloaded a bunch of Japanese demos.
I downloaded the Hot Shots Golf 5 demo, so I haven't played that,
or, I guess, Mino no Golf 5.
And then I also downloaded some weird, I don't even know what the fuck it is.
It's kind of like their mascot in Japan, like some cat thing that you have.
You basically raise it and it reads you Japanese news or something.
Is that the white cat with the face that was the...
Yeah.
I know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
The only problem is, in order to play that game,
I had to download some update or something, and it took, like, an hour to download.
So, I got very bored with that real quick.
That cat was actually based off of old text emoticons.
Yeah.
I can imagine.
Then, there was also, I played on the PSP.
Of course, Grand Theft Auto by City Stories.
That's not getting old yet.
And I actually tried out B-Boy, which is a game that's been out in Europe for a while now.
And it's just like it sounds.
It's basically a breakdancing game.
Not exactly like Bust-A-Mover or anything like that, but it's pretty cool.
It takes a lot to get used to the game, though,
because there's a lot of transitioning and stuff,
a lot of rhythm stuff in there as well.
But it's pretty fun.
So, I've got that.
And then, what else have I been trying to play?
I have the full version of LocoRoco.
I haven't touched that yet.
And then, also, Puzzle Quest.
I've got that on the PSP.
And then, I got Nellie, the DS one.
So, she's been playing that a little bit.
But she doesn't really get the game, but she's been playing it.
And then, of course, Earth Defense Force 2017.
I've been trying to finish that game up.
We're almost done.
We almost got all the weapons on it.
I'm just trying to finish some of these harder levels.
And, let's see.
Other than that, I think I haven't really been playing too much else on the PS3.
I did happen to dump, though, a copy of Kung Pao to my PlayStation 3 hard drive,
just to test out, you know, putting movies on there.
And it's a bitch to figure out how to do it,
because it requires you, and I didn't realize this until, you know, after lots of reading,
but apparently, in order for the PlayStation 3 to see your movies,
you have to have a folder on whatever drive you're using,
like a jump drive or something that's named Video, or Videos, I believe.
And you have to put the file in there.
So, I didn't know that, and so I've been kind of banging my head against the wall
trying to figure out how to get this thing to work,
because I'm like, well, I converted it, right?
So, finally, I figured out that's what I needed to do.
It works like a charm now, so.
But, pretty awesome.
Awesome.
So, lots of hacking and stuff in your wake, it sounds like.
Lots, yes, and this is only going to be a gateway to putting porn on the PS3 now, so.
All right, I'm glad you, at least you have a goal in mind.
That's good to have goals.
You've got to have goals.
Looking at the chat room for some feedback here, SSJ100Matt says,
That's not a surprise, Loki. It's the same with the PSP.
But, see, that's the thing with the PSP is I put it in the video folder for the PSP,
because the PSP is even worse than the PS3 as far as how strict, you know,
what folders and the file names and stuff like that.
So, I thought, okay, well, I'll just throw it in there and see if that works.
Nope, that didn't work either.
So, I actually had to use, it was funny, my camcorder that I have,
because the batteries don't work in it anymore.
So, I just plugged that in, and now it's a 20 gig jump drive.
TheRobD in chat says, The PS3 is a gateway for porn.
And, by the way, the PS3 is fucking easy to download demos of the Japanese accounts.
It's so easy to create one.
There's no restrictions whatsoever, and you can download all your games.
Just like the Xbox 360, anything you download on the Japanese accounts is playable on all accounts.
Nice.
It's easy.
All right, good tip.
My gaming week was pretty short. There wasn't a lot to it.
I've been playing a lot more World of Warcraft.
I hit level 55. I've been grinding a lot this week, trying to get to Outlands.
I want to get to 58 very bad, because a lot of the guild, which, by the way,
our guild blew up in the past couple of weeks.
We have tons more people on the guild, though.
I played.
I know, I saw you on the other night.
Yeah, I forgot to say that I played.
Yeah, for like half a second, though, because then Shane kicked me off my computer,
because he wanted to get on and kick people out of the guild or whatever,
because Shane is actually the guild leader.
I didn't get kicked.
So, he was a tyrant.
He booted three people one night, but it was a joke.
It was funny.
It was funny.
So, yeah, I've been working on that, because a lot of the guild is in Shane,
and some of them are in Outlands now, and they won't shut up about how awesome
the Outlands are and how they're never going back to the old world.
So, I'm working on it, trying to get there.
You went to Outworld?
Is that Mortal Kombat or Outlands?
Sorry, I got my Mortal Kombat mixed up with my...
No, you said Outlands.
Did I?
I said Outworld.
I wouldn't surprise me if I screwed something up.
I usually do.
But then, besides World of Warcraft, I've been spending a whole lot of gaming time
playing something on the Wii.
Anybody?
Actraiser?
That's right.
I've been playing Actraiser all freaking week.
I love Actraiser.
I'm so happy the game finally came out on Memorial Day,
because Actraiser needed its own holiday.
It's that freaking good.
So, I was very happy.
So, for those that were wondering if I was happy that finally Actraiser came
to the Virtual Console, yes, I'm very pleased.
Perfect translation of the Super Nintendo game.
Same music I love.
Same easy-ass game I remember that's not challenging one bit.
You can kind of play through it in one sitting if you have some time.
But I love it.
I love it.
All right.
So, why don't we get into some housekeeping, then we'll get into some news.
First off, excuse me, in housekeeping, June 10th, which is next week,
there's no show.
There will be no live show, and there will be no podcast.
We mentioned this at the end of our show that we taped live last week at Fanime,
but just a reminder, there is no show next week.
Very sorry to the live listeners and the podcasters,
but since I'm traveling, it's going to kind of screw up the rhythm of everything,
and I'm gone for so long that we can't pre-taper anything as well.
So, that's that.
But I will be in New York City for some of the East Coasters that want to meet up,
and we're looking at doing something on Sunday afternoon-ish.
So, check the forums for more details or the live journal.
So, sorry to the live listeners, because I know the live listeners kind of got
screwed last week because we did our thing live at Fanime,
but yeah, unfortunately, we won't have a show next week.
But we will be back on June 17th, and that should be a fun show.
And then June 24th is the fifth anniversary show of Orange Lounge Radio,
the official fifth anniversary.
But I should mention that the live station,
which went up a little bit earlier than we actually did a live show,
because remember, our station was up for a little while to promote that we were
going to be doing a live show back in 2002.
Our live station turned five years old this week on May 30th,
so happy birthday to the live station.
But we'll be officially celebrating on the 24th.
How? I don't know.
But I should say about the live station,
in a nod to how we kind of launched ourselves,
the old playlist from 2002 with the dance mania music and all that
is back in rotation.
So that's kind of fun for those folks that listened to OLR a long time ago
or wanted to know what it used to sound like,
except you have to remember it was on a dial-up stream when it first started.
The audio quality was horrible.
So you're actually getting the old playlist with the new quality,
so it's kind of cool.
So that's that.
Visit ORANGELONITARADY.COM if you want more information.
And of course everybody in chat is kind of crying.
Chainsaw Juggling says boo.
Shadow Charlie says since I'm traveling also,
I won't have to worry about it.
There you go.
Sorry guys, but surely you understand.
We need vacations too.
All right, so let's get into some gaming news.
Loki, why don't you start us off tonight?
And there's some interesting news, not surprising at all.
But according to the website Jute France,
they have run into a credible rumor, they say,
that says that Nintendo's going to drop the bomb at EA,
or not EA, E3, mini E3 I guess,
that they're going to be announcing a brand new Mario Kart game for the Wii.
I mean, come on, it's only a matter of time
before a Mario Kart game comes out for the Wii.
Hopefully it's not part of the arcade game, but who knows.
The other rumor is that there's going to be some new hardware news as well.
Whether this be like a revision to the current Wii hardware,
something altogether new,
or possibly, you know, I'm thinking maybe it's a DVD playback,
something like that, but no idea.
I mean, obviously there's going to be some announcements at E3,
but, you know, Mario Kart if that happens, I'm not too surprised.
Besides, this is why I buy every damn system that Nintendo puts out for Mario Kart.
I mean, it seems like a foregone conclusion to me.
I mean, obviously this game is coming out on the Wii at some point, right?
Yeah.
It's just a matter of time.
That's like saying a Mario game is coming out on a Nintendo system.
And then the, uh, okay? Yeah.
Of course there's a Mario game coming out.
Alright, you guys heard it here first.
There's going to be a new Zelda game coming out on the Wii at some point.
We don't know much more about it, but there will be another Zelda game on the Wii.
So Mario beat that to that, I think.
God damn it.
Alright, you heard it here first.
Final Fantasy XIV will be coming out to some console at some point.
Absolutely definitive news.
Wouldn't it be funny if that was a PC game?
That wouldn't be a console.
Stop trying to screw our exclusive news, you bastard.
Alright, speaking of the, you know what's funny about,
I was trying to figure out if that was the same site that a long time ago,
it was like in 2005, I got an email from some French website about E3,
but they actually didn't mean to send it to me.
They meant to send it to some staffer that had a very similar name to me,
like it was a missent email to my Gmail box.
It was the weirdest thing ever.
But I ended up writing the guy back, and he spoke English luckily,
and I ended up giving the site pictures from E3.
I don't know if it was the same site.
I know it was like a French Nintendo only site,
because they only used the pictures from the Nintendo booth
that I took that year.
It was so interesting.
Anyway, not that anybody cares,
but this whole thing kind of made me think about that.
Well, that's special.
Stop looking at me funny.
I hate you.
I'm not looking at you funny.
Yes, you are.
No, I'm not.
Alright.
You are too.
No.
Alright.
I thought you were going to say Wee Wee.
What did you say?
No, it would be Mae Wee.
The French site is not Wee Wee.
Oh my God.
Anyhow, also talking about Nintendo and Virtual Console,
obviously I was very happy that Actraiser was like the 99th Virtual Console title to be released,
but that means that this Monday the 100th Virtual Console title will be released,
and they've already announced it's going to be Zelda II The Adventure of Link.
So there you have it.
So that is coming out on, I believe, what, June 4th?
Am I one of the only people that doesn't like that game?
Yes.
Well, you know what?
No, you're not, because I've been reading game blogs,
and a lot of people have been kind of saying like,
oh, it's one of the weaker Zelda games in the franchise.
No, that was the CDI.
It was just different, but if you think about it,
weren't all the sequels on Nintendo really different?
Super Mario Bros. 2, very different from 1, yes?
Super Mario Bros. 2 was not Super Mario Bros.
Right, it was the whole...
There was a Super Mario 2 in Japan.
Doki Doki Panic or whatever.
Right.
That was just like the first one.
I didn't say all that international garbage.
I said here in the U.S.
But the Zelda game was released in Japan as a Zelda sequel.
Okay, how about this?
Simon's Quest.
Completely different from the first Castlevania.
That is true, but you can...
And completely better.
True.
I have to agree with that.
It was better than the first, you know,
Demon Castle Dracula.
Oh, whatever, Miss Prim and Proper.
Whatever.
Miss, I play nothing but import games my entire life.
I do not play nothing but import games.
All right, so there you go.
Yeah, the Rob D says, well, excuse me, Dark Sakura.
I want to make that a sound file.
I need to find that old clip from the old 80s Zelda.
Just replace Princess with Dark Sakura.
Or leave it at Princess.
It would be appropriate.
That's right.
Pay me my respect.
So there you go.
Nintendo is putting out Zelda 2, the Adventure Link,
and blah, blah, blah.
They're bragging that the internet connection range is 40%.
They're more happy, though, for our friends in the U.K.
For the European Virtual Console, I should guess I should say Europe.
But there are going to be some pretty fun stuff coming out over on the Virtual Console.
You get Streets of Rage 2, which I love the Streets of Rage games.
They're really fun.
That's because Dark Sakura has Rage.
I do.
Well, you're unlucky.
You can actually play it over here.
Also, another Mega Drive game to be out is ToeJam & Earl in Panic on Funkotron.
Yeah, I like ToeJam & Earl, too.
That game was really fun.
Boy, they're really scraping the bottom of the barrel for Genesis games, aren't they?
No, it was a good game.
And then Kid Chameleon was actually a game that I played partly through, anyway.
And then coming from the TurboGrafx-16,
it looks like there's World of Sports Competition,
which is a little shit.
And that's about it.
Are you saying that just because it's a sports game?
Because there's some pretty awesome old-school sports games I'm waiting for.
I did not like World of Sports Competition.
It ranked right there below Keith Courage.
However, now that I have Act Racer,
now what Virtual Console game will I complain about?
Well, obviously, there's The Guardian Legend,
which I will be complaining about forever.
But since that doesn't seem as realistic as this one,
I want Blades of Steel on Virtual Console.
Hecka bad, Blades of Steel.
If you're listening, Konami, Nintendo, make it happen.
Thank you.
Let's see, also looking in the chat room,
they're still talking about Zelda II.
Jack Ransom says,
Remember when Zelda II came out on the European Virtual Console in January?
Yeah, they got it a long time ago, so did Japan.
We've been having to wait this whole time.
Rama says Zelda II was underrated and by far was one of the better titles.
No, it wasn't.
No, it wasn't.
Yes, it was!
It was not one of the better titles.
It was okay, but it was like...
I will say it was pretty good.
His sword looked like a fucking dagger throughout the whole game.
It was weird.
I don't know.
I have found some fun hacks for that game, though.
Hmm.
Like the penis hack.
I remember I got stuck on like the fifth part of the game
where I couldn't figure out jumping down the...
What was it, the chimney?
Yeah.
Where you had to climb up on top of the house,
but you had to get the double jump to do it.
I think, yeah.
Yeah.
I actually ended up...
I don't know how, but I skipped random levels on that.
I'll probably download it.
I need to burn through this last 1200, you know, points.
Yes, I said penis.
Shut up.
I was looking on a virtual console and there's like nothing I want.
I need like Paper Mario or maybe Super Mario RPG.
Preferably Super Mario RPG.
Hey, you never know if Squeenix put Actraiser on there finally.
There's always a chance.
There's a chance.
What about the regular Mario Kart, not Mario Kart 64?
That needs to come on there.
Well, if it's true there's a Mario Kart Wii in the future,
I would think they would time that around the release of Mario Kart Wii, right?
Yeah, I guess I gotta wait until August, too, for all the Metroid games.
GS68, by the way, stop doing the freaking color over your text,
but you do make a good point.
I did have the best ending thing when you died.
Game over, Return of Ganon.
That's right, when you died it would say,
Game over, Return of Ganon, he's killed everybody,
he's murdered the children, he's raped the babies,
and it's all because of you.
And next time you do the colored, you know, text like that,
I'm gonna kick you.
Wonder Dog Harold wants to know
when the heck Zombie Ate My Neighbors is coming to the virtual console.
Oh my God, that was the best game ever.
Hostile One wants RC Pro-Am.
That's a good choice, but that's a rare game, right?
I want Fester's Quest.
That's the most random title to me.
Hey, it was good, Blaster Master.
No it wasn't.
We need Blaster Master.
Oh, fuck Blades of Steel, I want Blaster Master.
Never mind, scratch my earlier comment.
Blades of Steel can fucking wait, I want Blaster Master.
And, Blaster Master has to have the grenade trick.
Every time, yeah, yeah, the way you pause it,
over and over on the big jellyfish guy and some of the other bosses.
And it explodes him faster.
Okay, here's the thing though,
is that like every time the virtual console comes up,
we keep bitching and whining about the games we want to see.
So, let's move on, shall we?
They also need to change the way I can find the games on the virtual console
because this ghetto JavaScript shit is lame.
Why don't you tell Fire Bulma to go to hell?
He said Blades of Steel is better than Blaster Master.
Go to hell.
Yeah, go to hell.
Go to hell and burn there.
And roast some marshmallows too.
Well, R has got to be one of the only video game podcasts out there
that just totally tells their listeners to go to hell
when we disagree with them.
That's because we're friends.
I know.
And everybody else is telling them to go to hell too.
Yay, mom mentality.
We also need to get yo-noid because I was like,
oh, you know what else was cool?
Mutant erasers.
Cool spot.
We'll just get a whole bunch,
we'll just have one week where it's all product placement.
Can we talk about new games, please?
No, let's talk about Ubisoft because they like to port over crappy games.
Go to hell.
So Ubisoft admits that they were over-porting some of their GameCube games
to the Wii, or not necessarily GameCube games, but Xbox and you name it.
I mean, with such wonderful games as Far Cry Vengeance,
which, two-player multiplayer deathmatch, that's uber lame.
Okay, uber lame.
Prince of Persia Rival Swords, which is just two thrones all over again.
I thought you were going to say Rival Schools, and I'm like,
that would be great.
No, not Rival Schools.
And then, of course, they may apologize now,
but Driver Parallel Lines is coming out later on in June,
so they're still not done that.
And then, of course, there's also the Monster 4x4 World Circuit,
which is a crappy Xbox game.
Then there was also that GT game, which was also a GameCube game,
that also sucked.
Just stop porting over crappy games.
Seriously, make some new stuff, and make it better than Red Steel.
I mean, was anyone really surprised by this news that Ubisoft kind of admitted,
yeah, we just ported over some of our old shit.
We were in a hurry to capitalize on all this stuff.
Ubisoft, thank you for sucking.
I mean, these games were bad for even GameCube games.
They were crappy.
But Wii Remote Control, Wii.
Yeah, I liked Far Cry, you know, on the Xbox 360.
On the Wii, it was a whole different game.
It was just ew.
All right, well, boo to you Ubisoft,
and usually you'd think we'd put the FUs of the Week right here,
but we saved it for later.
I'm looking in chat.
They're still talking about Virtual Console, but I love this comment.
The Rob D says, we need Miss World 96 Nude on the Virtual Console,
which is one of the greatest MAME games you could possibly play on that emulator.
It's fabulous.
Is that the one where it's like kicks, but then at random points?
That's Gals Panic.
No, but there's one, and then it flips over to the real demon face
with the blood pouring down his face.
Everybody move your body.
It's like this really horrible techno song.
Yeah, that's the game.
That's my favorite game on that MAME emulator ever,
because it's so random.
You have all these pictures of MAME, MAME, whatever, right?
Well, the E stands for emulator.
Whatever, so I'm being redundant.
It's like ordering a cheese quesadilla. Deal with it.
Right?
So anyway, this is the best game ever.
Please, ask your parent's permission, though, if you're under 18,
because you do see titties in it.
Or sneak.
I hope that I didn't say that.
All right, yeah, the chat room's going to look for the link there.
See? Kind of love the chat.
But I want to say Rob D also says this.
He says, Skye, if you yell Dark Sakura at some point soon,
I'll have the Excuse Me Dark Sakura clip made in 10 minutes or so.
So we're going to see this unfold live while we're taping here.
So let me give you my best Dark Sakura.
Well, excuse me, Dark Sakura.
That was awful.
That was awful. You want one more?
I don't care.
Excuse me, Dark Sakura.
Dark Sakura.
How about my foot?
You know, kicking you in the head.
Hopefully that gave Rob D something to work with.
There you go.
By the way.
Yes.
Shut up.
We'll talk about Mario Party 8.
Has anyone played Mario Party 8 yet?
No.
I've heard mixed reviews on it.
I've heard some people say it was good
and some people, like reviewers, saying it sucked.
But the real people I talked to said it was good.
So I'm not sure what to believe.
I haven't played it yet.
But there it is. Mario Party 8 is out on the street.
But the reason why we're bringing this up, that's not newsworthy.
We've already talked about that.
What is newsworthy is that folks are trying to make
backup copies, quote unquote, they're making backup copies of the game
as they've made backup copies of other games.
But their backup copies of Mario Party 8 aren't working.
They're not working with the modded Wii units.
So has it been possible that Nintendo has come up with a workaround for this?
I don't know.
Or perhaps the Wii has realized that it's such a crappy game that it doesn't want to play it.
It's like, I've become smarter thanks to modding.
What is this shit that you're trying to insert into me?
Begone!
Let's see, JVMon says, I have it, Sky, it's fun.
Gerardimo says, but really boring to play by yourself.
Well, yeah, I mean, that's just Mario Party. It's a party game.
It's just like, I don't know, Rayman's Raven Rapids is kind of boring to play by yourself.
Fireboma says, because it's Mario Party, it's the same game being rehashed
over three different platforms and only remotely changes when it moves to another system.
Yeah, but the Wii, Wii-bo, Wii.
I don't know, we'll see.
And BlackDevilerX asks, Sky, are you going to be Princess Peach?
Hell yeah, I always play Princess Peach in the games because Peach is the winner.
She says so herself.
Well, then it must be true.
Right, it must be true.
Let's talk about some other games that are going to be coming out soon
besides Mario Party 8, which is already out.
Let's talk about upcoming games. We'll start over in Europe.
Your mom, the game, is coming out. No, seriously.
Actually, Loki is coming out on PC on the 4th, which has already passed.
Sorry.
No, wait, that's tomorrow, isn't it?
Well, it's already passed by the time you guys get it.
That's also Nellie's birthday, by the way.
I know. I was going to tell her happy birthday because my live journal told me.
Also coming out, though, on the 8th is Brothers in Arms DS,
Forza Motorsport 2, Halo 2 Vista Edition for PC, of course,
because Vista, you know, gives people headaches,
Mercury Meltdown Revolution on Wii, Pac-Man Rally,
Pangaea Golf with Style on Wii,
Trion Cube, and Wartec Senko Noronde.
Why is it coming out with the Japanese name in Europe?
Because that's actually, no,
Senko Noronde was the name that it was in Japan,
but they added that Wartec to the front of it because that makes people want it more
because it's got the word war in it.
Like, ooh, Wartec! Well, in that case, that must be a war game or something.
I guess. Maybe it's just that people like to have something.
It beats their last. I forget what the name before it was
because there was, like, Battlescape Senko Noronde was, at one time,
a name possibility for it.
How does it feel that you have a game named after you coming out?
I've seen screenshots of it. It's just like fucking Ragnarok.
Oh, goody.
Well, it's...
It's definitely not about me because you wouldn't be able to contain such awesomeness in the game like that.
I can understand MMO, but, you know.
SSJ100Matt says there is a code in the Loki game to unlock a Tingle costume.
So, be on the lookout.
That's reason enough to get it, I think.
One of these days, Loki, you watch. We're going to drug you and put you in the costume.
Yeah, whatever.
Anyways, so, this week we see the release in the United States
for Tomb Raider Anniversary Edition on the PlayStation 2 and PC.
Also on PC and coming to the 360, Call of Juarez,
which is pretty awesome.
First-person shooter Western game.
Hospital Tycoon for the PC.
Dragon Ball Z Haru Kannaru...
That's like a tongue-quister right there.
Haru Kannaru, I guess.
Densetsu DS.
And basically just, you know, Dragon Ball Z RPG on the DS.
Or is it a fighting game? Can't remember.
Anyways, Planet Puzzle League coming to the DS.
Another, what was that, one game?
Ah, whatever. Another rip-off of another puzzle game.
PuzzleScape coming to the PSP.
And then, of course, the Sims 2 H&M stuff.
It would have been funny if it was S&M stuff.
More Sims 2 stuff?
Yeah.
More? What is this, their 11th expansion? Geez.
Alright.
Yeah, the H&M fashion stuff.
Alright, well, moving on to Japan.
What's coming out over there?
On June 7th, Harvest Moon for the Wii comes out.
Because, you know, you just can't have a Nintendo system without a Harvest Moon game on it.
So there you go.
Pirates of the Caribbean at World's End, the Japanese version of that,
coming out on June 7th as well, also on the Wii.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, not much until the 14th,
but that's when Ninja Gaiden Sigma comes out, so look for that.
Also coming out on the PlayStation 2, the Magician's Academy, also Wizardry X2.
The Wonder Price, I guess, is coming out there.
Or maybe that's just called Wonder Price because it's discounted.
That would make a lot more sense, wouldn't it?
Also coming out, because I first read it, I thought it said Wonder Prince, but I guess not.
Also coming out on the Nintendo DS, you have Kabu Trader Shun is coming out from Capcom.
Kazujin Taisen coming out from Nintendo.
And also another version of Pirates of the Caribbean at World's End coming out on the Nintendo DS.
Also Yoshi's Island pouches for your DS are coming out if you like Yoshi Island.
Not a game, but accessories.
You really want to insert your DS into Yoshi.
That's right.
And on the Sony PSP, Dragon Ball Z Shin Burukai 2 is coming out.
And probably the game most of you really, really care about above all this other stuff I've mentioned,
Final Fantasy II, the Anniversary Edition, comes out in Japan.
Which I have to say, I was horribly mistaken when selling stuff like that to my customers
because I thought it was just a port.
It looks pretty sexy, actually.
Oh, the new Final Fantasy games? Oh my god, they look hot.
No, they're definitely not a port.
They've redone it for the widescreen and all the graphics and everything.
They're not even ports of the ones that were on the Advance which were based off the Wonderswan ones.
They've upgraded it beyond that.
Again, this would be their third upgrade.
Looks nice. At least they're upgrading it.
Take note, SNK.
Alright, so that's going to do it for release dates.
Well, there's actually some really cool news for people who are fans of Second Life.
Is that this upcoming...
Actually, I think that it's already passed given the date of...
Yeah, it was on June 1st at 7pm.
But BBC2 was broadcasting on Second Life.
They were doing The Money Program, which is a business show
that shows how big business affects everyday life.
Apparently, this looks like it might become a standard thing, I hope.
Did somebody throw cocks at them?
Well, for anyone in Second Life, the only place that you could go to watch it was the Red Run Red Cinema in Second Life.
I think it's kind of cool.
I totally have never played Second Life. This stuff is all foreign to me.
I tried once and thought it was crap, so I stopped playing.
All I ever could think about was Second Life with the flying penises.
I saw that one YouTube video.
I have real life. I have a first life.
It would be fun just to roam around Second Life and do stuff to annoy people.
Although the cool thing is that someone actually built the inside of the TARDIS
and built Daleks and all that. I thought it was cool.
Nerds, all of you.
I would want to make a giant stickman that's 500 stories tall that stomps around and smashes everything.
I know. Can we have monsters in Second Life? Can I make Godzilla?
Well, people made weapons of mass destruction and blown stuff up, so...
That's lovely.
So why not?
Giant Mario. Have him get the starter thing, turn in the pixelated Mario. Smash, smash, smash.
People will find humor in that, I would think.
I saw a really funny picture speaking of Mario Smash.
It was someone's signature on our forums, on the Dark Sakura forums,
because that's where our World of Warcraft guild has their forums headquartered.
Willplay.darksacra.com
There you have it.
Somebody made this little graphic or found it somewhere.
You remember in Super Mario Bros. 3, Mario could get the Hammer Brothers costume?
You see him throw a hammer into this hole. It goes boop.
Then you see the hammer fly in the hole.
It zooms out and it's the Death Star.
And it just flips upside down and says a million points.
And it falls down like the monsters used to do.
They just would flip upside down.
I'll have to find that picture and link it in chat while we do our next story.
Anyways, if you want some other awesome news,
you may want to try this brand new beta that's come out for a new MMO.
It's going to be a game called Fury, and it's a third-person slasher game, I guess.
Or a third-person combat game that you're going to be running around
as knights or whatever and killing each other.
So who wouldn't like that?
But they're having a beta for it right now,
so if you're very interested in this, check out the Fury beta sign-up page
at www.unleashthefury.com
and slash beta.
And you can check out that.
Looks pretty neat.
There's some other game out there.
I can't remember the name of it, but it was a Korean MMO
that compared it to The Matrix.
A lot of running on walls in gunfights and stuff like that.
But this looks kind of neat.
Love the title.
That's so great.
Oh, you saw the picture?
I was just watching it because Junami linked it.
Yeah, I didn't even see a Junami beat me to it.
You bastard!
Good job, though.
Chat room.
Meanwhile, I'm looking it up.
But I got distracted by a post because somebody was spamming the forums,
again, advertising Viagra, and I was really curious.
No, I'm kidding.
Nobody reads those posts on any forum.
I don't understand.
You're just now seeing the low-key Tingle graphic?
One of our listeners did that last week and put it on my All Games blog.
Anyway, sorry.
This is not good radio.
Fail.
What is good, though, is a Gods and Heroes Rome Rising beta.
The beta test sign-ups are going on right now.
Perpetual Entertainment opened up the sign-ups.
It's going to be a closed beta, though, so you have to be lucky and get picked.
But it's for Gods and Heroes Rome Rising.
The sign-up started, it looks like, on May 31st, and I don't see a closed date.
Of course, this is going to be an MMO from Perpetual Entertainment,
and you get to be the son or daughter of an Olympus god.
So you get to conquer enemies of Rome, you get to battle the iconic enemies
such as the Cyclops, Minotaur, Hydra, so on, Medusa, etc.
So check that out.
If you're into MMOs and you like Greek mythology, it would be a good time.
The graphics from the game look very pretty.
Sometimes screenshots don't show you that the game is very fluid,
so I'm hoping it runs as good as it looks.
It might be fun.
What's also fun is DarkSakura likes to surf the internet up and down
and left and right every week
and find her favorite website to share with you guys.
We're going to share that with you guys right now.
It's the Website of the Week.
Today's Website of the Week actually is brought to me by my amazing sauce
who is wonderful and full of internet nerdness and greatness.
It's lolbots.com, and this basically takes Caturday
and just macros every freaking nerdy thing ever in existence.
I'll have you know that my wife looked at this and she didn't get it,
as did I. I didn't get it.
I LOLed a couple times.
You do not have the geek vibe in you, obviously.
I do. I understand why it's supposed to be funny.
I just don't care anymore.
It's just like, it's old.
Give it up. Okay, yeah, we get it. Okay.
There's been games that have been translated literally from their Japanese stuff,
and it was funny because it was English.
Ooh, funny! Ha ha!
You know, get over it! That was years ago! Come on!
You know, literacy is not a jokey matter.
I don't even know where the hell to go after that.
Prozac. You should get some.
Valium, maybe.
lolbots.com. Valium.com for Loki.
Maybe you need to be reading some of those forum posts
that advertise the, you know, anti-depressants from the interwebs.
Remember, if you have trouble keeping it up, read the Viagra spam.
Well, doing our weekly part in promoting GameTap, or not...
Swear to God we're not on their payroll, I swear!
Yeah, we are. We're not getting paid.
They fixed the glitch in accounting.
Anyways, they're doing, on top of their normal subscription service,
they're doing a free kind of ad-supported service that's coming out.
They're going to be rotating 30 games every so often.
And starting off, you're going to get to play for free
Panzer Dragon, Metal Slug 2, Art of Fighting, The King of Fighters 95,
and the upcoming Tomb Raider Legend.
You know, kind of tying in with the whole Tomb Raider Anniversary stuff.
Also, they were saying that there's Bust to Move, Bubble Bobble, and Rampage
and all sorts of stuff like that.
So, that's kind of neat.
I mean, free games. Who can knock that?
But they're ad-supported, so they're not totally free.
You're paying for them with your soul.
Hey, I get free games.
Hey, well it beats fucking playing like, you know, an EA game,
say like Need for Speed or something, having advertisements in the background.
I already bought that game. Where's my money?
Well, you know what?
All these games are old, and a lot of people probably already have them.
I mean, it is the internet. There are ways to get stuff free.
Did GameTap open that up for those folks that are playing those?
Can they still play them online?
Do they have access to the head-to-head service on there?
Yeah. I think some of them will have online co-op.
That's kind of cool.
So maybe now I can play with some of the cheapskates and won't pay for GameTap.
I can play some games with them online.
Rob, I will pay so we can play real Metal Slug.
Or you could just come to my house.
Or you could just wait until, I don't know,
Metal Slug eventually comes to Xbox Live Arcade because, you know,
SNK loves re-releasing that damn game.
Ravenstahl often confirms it does have online multiplayer. Interesting.
All right. Well, there you have it.
Also, I wanted to mention briefly,
I saw in some interview somewhere that GameTap is still being worked on for the Mac.
And it could be coming out very soon.
I don't know if they had a date on that.
Which makes Loki very happy.
But no, I'll make many Mac fans out there very happy.
I think that would be very cool.
I was going to say, why would it make me happy? I don't own a Mac.
It's a joke. That's what we call in the industry a joke.
Oh, because the Mac will have the ability to play old-ass games?
Well, I'm curious if the PC games are going to play on the Mac.
That's kind of interesting, these games that were developed for the PC.
I don't see why they wouldn't.
Yeah, it's just interesting to me.
It's kind of like when you see Sega making games for a Nintendo system.
It's still kind of weird.
Same thing.
The first Sega games that I played, Rob, were on the ColecoVision.
I love the ColecoVision.
I'm so sad that I sold my ColecoVision to get a Super Nintendo.
I have another one if you want one.
I had 70 games at one time.
I used to go to flea markets and buy that shit for a buck each.
If I can find my second one, would you like it?
No, because that time is long past.
I was thinking about hooking up the Atari 5200 the other day, just for kicks.
All right.
Well, just for kicks, gold farmers like to annoy the shit out of me in World of Warcraft.
Seriously, I know not all our listeners play World of Warcraft,
but if you've been playing in the past month, huge problems with spammers on there.
Gold farmers just going crazy in the game, sending tells.
Well, the cool thing is that with the latest patch, Blizzard really put the smackdown on it.
What they did is that now you can just right-click on a name and report them for spam automatically.
If you have a trial account, you can't send a tell to somebody unless they're on your friends list
or they sent you a tell first.
Because that's what was happening is that they were getting all these trial accounts,
the gold spammers, and just spamming the hell out of everybody.
Blizzard did put the smackdown on them and got pretty pissed.
In fact, they went a step further and said this.
Blizzard has filed a federal lawsuit against the operators of Peons for Hire,
which is a popular gold-selling organization which many of you have no doubt seen advertised
because they were the ones that were really spamming in the game.
As part of the lawsuit, the operators of Peons for Hire have been asked to immediately cease all in-game spamming efforts
by all entities and websites under their control.
So Blizzard is now putting the smackdown in court.
By the way, it hasn't stopped because now what they do, they'll send you party invites and then send you the spam.
So I automatically decline party invites. I'm not expecting.
Why do you think I don't party with anybody but who I know?
Well, yeah, I know. That's what I'm saying.
But it's annoying because when you get a party invite, it goes boom and the little thing pops up on the screen.
Like the TGFRCVHGI has invited you to a party, which is just some spammer who hit their keyboard.
It's just annoying because you're trying to kill somebody and then boom.
Yes, and Blizzard has partnered up with Capcom to get Phoenix Wright on the case.
He'll get those spammers.
I hope so. He'll get them.
Phoenix Wright 5 versus the gold spammers.
All right.
You can see it now.
Anyway, well, if anybody is interested, because you know Activision is just, well, we hear things now and again.
But according to their financial report, they're stating that enemy territory quake wars will be out by the end of summer.
It actually was on paper to be due during the second quarter of the fiscal 2008.
So I don't know.
However, all they're saying is that it's still just going to be done when it's done.
Hmm. Let me consult my magic eight ball here.
Hmm. Signs point to end of August.
That's what everybody else is saying.
Oh, your magic eight ball, huh?
Invisible eight ball.
The eight ball we don't speak about ever, especially when Namco's in the room.
La la la.
It's eight ball, not a katamari.
Oh, I see.
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Rob.
What?
Tell us some other stuff.
Well, excuse me.
Dark Sakura.
Oh, my God, you didn't do it right.
Okay.
I don't want Rob to say anything else.
Rob's not allowed to talk for the rest of the show.
Thank you, Rob D. I heart you.
Rob is not allowed to talk for the rest of the show.
Loki, you're taking over as our mediator here.
Lord help us.
Whoa.
I'm going to throw something.
Where's the ferret?
Is that Kirby?
No, it's a Jigglypuff.
Let me see Jigglypuff.
I'll throw it at Rob.
I can't reach Jigglypuff.
The best part is he sent me two.
Well, excuse me again.
Dark Sakura.
I hit Rob in the shoulder with a Jigglypuff.
We have the best fucking listeners of any radio program on anywhere.
No, you don't.
You suck.
Go to hell.
Anyways.
So, surprise.
Final Fantasy XIII is hit.
Well, probably not the first, but one of the many delays, this being Final Fantasy XIII
Versus, has been put on hold.
According to an interview with Dengeki PlayStation of Japan, Final Fantasy main man Tetsuya Nomura
has revealed that he likes to only work on one project at a time.
And, obviously, right now, his focus is a mobile game called Monotone, and that means
that Final Fantasy XIII is on hold.
But, you know, not a big surprise, also, I mean, because it's not just a port of XIII,
it is an entirely new game itself.
So, yeah, you'll just have to deal with one Final Fantasy XIII game.
And, my God, release only one Final Fantasy game at a time.
Don't make XIII-1, XIII-2, XIII-B, XIII-I mean, you got a little happy with VII because
VII was so popular and it sold well, then you started doing this shit with XII.
Fucking money hungry bitches.
Just make one game only.
And then, if people like the game, they'll say, hey, I want more.
Instead of saying, hey, we have 13 games coming out for Final Fantasy XIII, collect them all.
Final Fantasy XIII.
Fabulous Kristin Novellas.
Kristin Novellas.
You know what that sounds like at one of those Telemundo shows or whatever?
Kristin Novellas.
Telemundo, Telemundo.
Tonight on Sabado Higante, Fabulous Kristin Novella.
Seems like none of this other news even matters anymore.
However, Electronic Arts out of Canada recently lifted the embargo going on for the upcoming
PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 racer, Need for Speed Pro Street.
It is a new game coming out a little later this year.
It's not quite the same underground street racing you're used to with the Need for Speed.
It's something a little bit new.
Now you're going to go to Raceways and show your muscle there.
Basically, you race in a little bit of a different way than you have in the underground ones before.
It's race wars.
Real cars, including the Mazda RX-7, the Aston Martin DB9, Audi S4, Dodge Challenger from 71.
Good times.
And, of course, some screenshots were released as well.
Some of the new modes in the game, Tandem Drift, Drag Grip, and Speed Challenge.
It's coming out in fall of 2007.
You can totally see in one of these screenshots here a drag race kind of mode.
Pretty cool.
You know what I really would love to see EA make?
What's that?
A Cannonball Run game.
They've got the graphics.
They've got the engine.
Let's get Burt Reynolds on this thing.
Good times.
So, we're going to get into the mailbag, but...
What?
I have to play this.
No!
Give me Julie Puff again.
No, no, no.
It's nothing to do with you, DarkSakura, but it's something else that was brought up earlier in the show.
Ready?
That's right.
It's the soundtrack to Miss World, Nude 96.
Come on.
All right.
Keep it up.
This makes for great radio, doesn't it?
But this is the soundtrack I'm going to look forward to.
Dude, this is great.
I remember.
It just looped that same thing over and over again.
Now I'm ready for the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
DarkSakura reads them.
Here she goes.
Hey, Rob.
Yes?
Die in a plague.
Well, excuse me, DarkSakura.
Whatever.
Turn off the damn music.
Oh, my God.
You're trying to...
You know, I was just over my PMS and you made it worse.
I single-handedly brought it back.
All right, read an email.
We got one from VoteForDan, I guess.
I'm not voting for him.
Oh, Dr. Burst, I'm sorry.
Do you think WoW will come to the Xbox 360?
Did I answer this one already?
Yeah, didn't we do that one last week?
Sorry, I already answered this last week.
Download the old podcast.
I don't think it will anyways.
Next email.
Hi, everyone at OLR.
I just wanted to write a quick email to let you know that I listen to your podcasts every time a new one comes out
and I have access to download it to my MP3 player.
I listen to all your podcasts multiple times while I'm working.
Each opinion from the OLR staff is extremely appreciated.
I am a member on GameTrailers.com with the username NarutoCastle.
I will be giving OLR a plug on my blog when I get a spare moment to write one on there.
We'll let you know when it's up.
I've been playing Final Fantasy III and enjoying it a lot.
Cannot wait for Final Fantasy IV and Final Fantasy V to come out on Nintendo DS.
Well, thanks for reading my email.
Take care, Gregory in Australia.
Thank you for the plug in your blog because that's like word-of-mouth advertising, which is so essential for us.
Well, speaking of which, he also writes back and says,
Hi guys, Greg here again updating on my blog that lets GameTrailer members know about OLR.
Feel free to take a look at the blog.
Go to GameTrailers.com and search for user NarutoCastle and you'll see blogs.
The most recent should be the OLR blog.
I was doing my best to spread the word to as many people as I can who either listen to podcasts or into video games.
Thank you so much for a great podcast and keep up the great work.
Aw, thank you.
Wasn't there a question there amongst all the lovey-dovey stuff?
I don't know.
Oh, I thought there was a question at the beginning of his first email.
Well, we have another one from Xenoore, I guess how it's spelled, X-E-N-O-O-R-E.
Hey guys, love the show.
I've been listening for a few episodes here and there.
Your group dynamic always brings smiles to my cheeks.
It reminds me of my squad of geek gamers from times long past.
Keep up the awesome work.
Recently, during some banter amongst the group, you commented on the combat system of Final Fantasy XII.
Your discussion intrigued me enough to give the game a shot.
Hubsqueenix sends you a big check for your promotion skills.
Best to look to you guys in the future as Xenoore.
I haven't heard that expression before, bring a smile to my cheeks.
I just hope you're not talking about your ass cheeks, because that's not a compliment.
You can't smile on your ass, dammit.
What the hell is wrong with you?
It's sideways.
Forget it.
Well, we have another-
That doesn't make any sense.
It totally doesn't.
Most of my jokes don't.
I'm going to actually download the image so that I can put it on my PhotoCrapIt account and show everybody in the chat room.
But we got one from RobWithTwoBees.
This attaches a couple hours of work on how to decorate my first Forza 2 car.
It's mostly based on the pixel motif of the homepage, and he did an OL Army Audi.
Can we see the picture in studio again?
It's very pretty.
That's an awesome car.
I'm very impressed.
Rob Way gets 50 points for Gryffindor.
I don't know.
What can we give the listeners to do cool stuff like this?
I don't know.
Mad props, I suppose.
But that's not-
A dollar.
The cars that people have been-
That's right.
Rob, if you send us-
Okay, here you go.
Yes, we will do that.
Rob, if you will send us your PayPal, assuming-
I don't know if it's your regular email, if you have a silver email.
I'll PayPal you $1, courtesy of Orange Launch Radio for your awesomeness for this car.
You should frame it, too.
Also coming from Rob's favorite person, SakuraMaxx.
Oh, yeah, this guy.
How old is he?
Eleven?
Twelve.
Oh, big difference.
Quick email to say happy birthday.
Jamie rules.
Loki is cool.
Sky sucks.
It had lots of dots after it.
But the Bimani music is cool.
I'm so sad because some 12-year-old on the internet hates me.
Boo hoo, what am I going to do?
I think it's kind of funny.
I asked for dark Sakura hate mail, not Sky hate mail.
Why don't you people listening-
Signed, SakuraMaxx, 12-year-old listener, one with the best email closings once a pet
grew and loves Pokey.
Why do you even read his emails?
They bring nothing to the show.
Because they're funny.
They bring nothing to the show.
Why is it so awful?
They're funny.
I'm supposed to get this game later this week, Forza 2, by the way.
I have no interest in Forza 2 whatsoever.
I don't either, but-
Hey, last email.
Microsoft hooks me up sometimes.
Hey, OLR crew, it's GS68.
I enjoyed the OLR panel at Fanime and I'm looking forward to seeing it again next year.
How is Fanime anyhow?
Any good stories to share?
That was from GS68.
Yeah, there was me deciding that my costume wasn't going to work and going in the dealer's
room and dropping $120 to buy the stuff for my Iruka costume and I ended up doing chick
style.
Can I have a loan?
Shit.
I don't know.
I bought a-
I got yelled at by my husband.
It was great.
Over breakfast.
I'm sorry.
I bought a bit generation game called Colorist and I have no idea how to play it.
You got a porn star's autograph too, didn't you?
I got a porn star's autograph for my wife and she loved that.
I also got two Harry Potter pictures for my wife.
She liked that as well.
There's one other thing I thought I got her as well.
I can't remember.
I bought one shirt.
That's the only thing I bought.
I got him the Goomba that makes noise.
Oh, that thing was cool.
The thing you hit and it goes oink oink oink.
And then you hit it one more time and it does the You're Dead music.
I went back looking for the coin box and they didn't have it.
You keep hitting the coin box and every tenth one it gives you a one up.
This isn't intended as a plug but you can order them from Wizzy Wig.
Oh, alright.
That's where I got my Goomba from.
I also got a shirt that said Grand Theft Amish, Penn State Dutch.
Yeah, from the same booth that he got that shirt, I got one.
I actually posted a picture of the shirt in my All Games blog.
If you want to see that, it's community.allgames.com.
How the hell do you get there?
Green Sky is my username on there.
Just find me on there.
I posted a picture of the shirt I got.
It says, this is Zelda.
Basically, they took a picture of the guy from 300.
They took a picture of his face and put the Zelda hat on him.
It's really funny if you see it.
That's great. I've seen that one, yeah.
I didn't even see 300 and I get the joke so I thought it was great.
How was that? That was the shirt I got.
Oh, I didn't mention during my gaming week, though,
since he asked about how was the rest of Fonimate.
Because I got there right before our panel started,
I didn't get to spend much time there.
But I went to the game room afterwards.
I went the day after.
And I played some Papa music on a Melo 2.
And I got the high score on the machine.
I forgot how to get high speed.
And my dumbass picked the Galaxy Express 3.9 TV theme.
Which is fucking slow.
I don't think you can put high speed on that one.
At least I don't know how.
I couldn't figure it out either.
Because I was like, dude, I can play Papa music better than this.
I did, however, play a crap ton of Dance Maniacs.
And we had Para Para Shadowing going on.
Oh my god, nerds.
With people who could do it. It was good.
Wow.
All right, so there you go.
Yeah, we'll be back.
If they'll have us, we'll be back next year.
And the best part was hanging out with DJ Ronma S.
The best part was the mini-disc player recorded the show this time.
That's right.
Sort of.
The show didn't come out too bad.
It did weird shit, and I don't know why.
Probably has something to do with the fact that the battery is slowly eating itself away.
Oh, and the other great part, we found out that Loki's Mac Heckler lives in town.
So we're going to have him on a future show.
I found something cool, too.
And I'm going to, actually, next week's side of the week is probably going to be a plug for this guy's site.
I hung out a lot in Artist Alley.
Because me being an artist and having a bunch of my friends in there,
I had to go and hang out with the artsy fartsy people.
And it turned out that I got more photos taken of me wearing my Tron shirt with my Dolphie than in costume.
Which was sort of sad.
But I also bought this great print of Iron Man for Sauce.
And this guy drew me Deadpool, and he said that he'd do a full-color print for me.
And he actually lives in the Sacramento area.
So I'm going to plug his site next week.
Oh, I know which guy you're talking about.
The guy that does all the comic stuff and he's at every single anime convention.
I think he's even at the Sacramento one sometime.
I think he was supposed to be here, yeah.
I was going to give him a call about the commission for the picture because he did a really freaking good job.
There's a SAC anime convention coming up this weekend.
I can't go because I'm in New York.
It's not this weekend, is it?
Yeah, I think it's coming up this next weekend.
Well, next weekend, yeah.
Well, I'll go to the mall anyways.
No, I think it's the one at the temple.
Anyway, forget it.
We'll talk about it offline.
But hey, if you run an anime convention, you want us to come do a live panel, we're open to suggestions.
Dude, sweet, the Rob D.
We're kind of broke and can't travel too much, but we're certainly open to hearing suggestions,
especially anything that goes on in Northern California or Southern California or Northern Nevada, someplace we can drive to.
No, to the Rob D, they said that they did an anime hell at Asen.
I didn't know that they put the full Sega Tashanshiro video in that, which is like, anyone who's a Sega fan has to have seen that.
Hmm.
It's like the epitome of the Sega Saturn advertising era.
All right, we're going to get back into some news though.
Enough talk about conventions.
Where shall we go for another story?
Let's go to me.
Let's talk about the PSP.
Sony releases its uncrackable firmware 3.5.
It adds a bunch of new features, including remote play, so you have the ability to play anything that's on your PS3,
well, movies and whatnot over the internet on your PSP.
Also, let's see here, yeah, also it enhances some of the RSS feeds and stuff like that.
Interesting.
One other feature that they forgot to mention, it is actually very crackable and got cracked almost, actually I think a day before it came out, if that's possible.
But yeah, so now they're working on a new custom firmware for 3.5 and it was kind of funny because they actually used the tools from 3.3 to crack it and apparently it wasn't that hard.
So, way to go Sony.
Was that their unhackable firmware?
Yeah, their unhackable firmware.
Each firmware is unhackable, you understand.
Well, of course.
Of course.
Can't do it, just can't.
It's impossible.
Sad.
Oh, speaking of unhacking PSPs, it was very interesting.
I fixed, I've been taking apart PSPs to fix them.
My friend's analog stick was broken and I actually took apart the entire analog stick and fixed it.
Which is amazing because anybody knows me, normally when I take stuff apart it works less than when I first took it apart.
So, yeah, I'm not very good at that.
But PSP, it's magic.
Well, speaking of hacking...
Is it your mutant power?
I guess it is my mutant power to be able to fix PSPs.
Speaking of hacking things and changing them and making them your own of sorts, this was a very interesting statement made by Activision in a conference call they had with investors this week.
This is something else.
Now, keep in mind, Activision acquired the Guitar Hero franchise when they bought out Red Octane, essentially, or their acquisition of Red Octane, whatever you want to call it.
They got the Guitar Hero franchise.
What's interesting is they have now said about Rock Band, which is coming out,
It wasn't surprising that Guitar Hero has attracted imitators.
Okay, so basically you're saying Rock Band is an imitation of Guitar Hero, except you may remember Harmonix originally made Guitar Hero for Red Octane before you bought it.
So that comment made no sense at all.
And when you consider Guitar Freaks came first anyway, by Konami, you all suck.
Just make your games, make them good, and SDF you?
And technically they're all rip-off of Amplitude anyways, Amplitude and Frequency.
Well, the interface of Guitar Hero, that and Karaoke Revolution, too, a little bit.
Yeah, they really pay that guy the big bucks, apparently. He's real on top of everything.
Have you seen the gameplay footage of Guitar Hero 3 that's on the internet right now?
It looks pretty sexy, but it doesn't look that different.
Yeah, I think this is the game that'll finally jump the shark for everybody else.
I think the series jumped the shark already for me with this 80's edition thing, but I think Guitar Hero 3 people are finally going to go, okay, enough.
But I think that's good that Harmonix, instead of trying to do the same thing over again, is trying to...
I give them a lot of credit. They're a pretty badass company in many ways.
And I think the fact that they are trying to evolve with the marketplace, with this whole rock band thing, it's a huge risk.
But then again, so is Guitar Hero.
I'm sorry, but I think Activision is going to get left behind with the Guitar Hero franchise.
It's going to be kind of like Guitar Freaks was. Look at Guitar Freaks.
How many versions of that game have come out and really they haven't innovated on each other?
Yet for some reason they're still doing well in Japan, so that's kind of funky.
So you can either have one or two things.
Either it's going to still do very well, or it's just going to tank.
I think people are going to start figuring out, hey, maybe spending all this money on this guitar game each time around is not a good idea.
It's kind of like why DDR is starting to dip down a little bit in popularity, especially when it's coming out on all these new platforms.
Buy all new hardware for this shit.
Actually, we haven't heard a lot about what's going on in the DDR world in a while.
I guess maybe by the time E3 or whatever the hell it is.
Honestly though, come on. Think of all the things that we probably would have expected with the 360 version.
Really, the 360 version is just a prettied up version of the Xbox One.
And the one for the Nintendo Wii when it comes out is pretty much just a PlayStation 2 version of Supernova with Wiimote crap thrown on there.
I was going to say, I guess we have Wii DDR. That's kind of something we know so far.
Very, I don't know, very non-innovative.
Granted, yeah, great you're doing stuff with the Wiimote, but I don't think you really need to do stuff with the Wiimote.
It's just like the iToy.
Yeah, the iToy support was there. It was ridiculous.
Not even remotely fun. It made you look like a complete ass.
I don't know.
Anyway, sorry, we've definitely beat this story into the ground, but just a dumb comment made by that guy at Activision.
Just a dumb comment.
When have we heard much smart from that guy at Activision? I swear, doesn't he hang out with Kudaragi?
Don't know. Maybe they all have a secret bar they drink at all day.
You mean crayon juice?
Anyway, something that's pretty cool, at least if you're into it, is that SNK Playmore is to be releasing...
A new game?
Sort of.
They're doing Fatal Fury Battle Archives Volume 1, which is Fatal Fury, Fatal Fury 2, Fatal Fury 3, and Fatal Fury Special.
Aw, so close!
But hey, we get old school my booty.
Are you going to be redoing any of the graphics whatsoever?
No.
Okay.
Would that be arcade quality?
Whoopee!
Didn't those games come out ten years ago?
Seriously, Fatal Fury Special came out in 1995.
To give them credit, their Art of Fighting collection was only $14.99 for the Playstation 2.
You know the one thing I liked about the Fatal Fury games that I thought was innovative for old 2D fighters was having the multiplane.
You couldn't really tell which plane they were on, but you had the front and back.
Oh, I love Fatal Fury, don't get me wrong.
It was my favorite, like, obviously Street Fighter and Mortal Kombat were kind of up on this path.
Actually, Street Fighter was up on a frickin' pedestal.
Mortal Kombat was close behind, and then you had all these other knockoff fighting games below, right?
In the 90s, right?
I would say Fatal Fury was my favorite of that bunch.
More so than anything else SNK put out.
Fatal Fury paved the way for King of Fighters, and that makes me happy.
No, here's what SNK needs to do.
I mean, great re-releasing games and stuff.
Just re-release Neo Geo collections.
Have Magical Lord, have the Fatal Fury games, Metal Slug, all this stuff together.
Instead of just, here's two games that you've bought before, here's Metal Slug yet again, here's this stuff.
Yeah, but who really bought that stuff?
Those cartridges were like $500.
Exactly. But still, though, they've re-
You are a crazy bitch. You're in your own category.
But still, though, they've re-released these games numerous times.
To be honest, a lot of them we got through trade.
The only one that we paid over $300 for was King of Fighters 2000.
Only? I see a $60 Xbox 360 game and I cry.
But yeah, but we have a lot more bills now, so we don't do that anymore.
Except I really want Samurai Shodown 5.
Really? It was the last Neo Geo-
You will play it once. You will play it once.
The fuck I will!
And then put it in a glass case and say, I own it, and you don't.
The fuck I will? No. Are we rated M today? Yeah.
Kinda.
Rated M?
Yeah, we're rated M.
Yeah, ooh, watch out, that ESRB's on our ass.
We're rated I for-
Wait, we're not a game, dumbass. You can't play through us.
We're rated I for immature. Thanks to Loki.
Something's telling me we need a little bit of a break.
No.
I think now's a good time. We're gonna break you.
Break you back.
I will break you.
I will break you.
Alright, we're gonna take a quick break and we'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this break.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
