Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki!
Tonight, January 13th, 2013, a new gaming handheld debuts at CES,
Pokémon X and Y is announced, and further details emerge on the Steam Box.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 489,
for this January the 13th of 2013.
I'm sure there's like a numberology thing in there, a numerology thing in there,
because all I ever see on the Twitters is like, Happy 1-2-1-2, or Happy 1-3-1-3,
and everybody's looking for the number Zs.
The numbers?
The number Zs, yes.
The numbers means we've been doing this too damn long.
Exactly, exactly. The lovely voice you hear over there is my co-host,
say hello to the one and only Jamie Summers!
You should see how Rob is gesturing to me as if you could all see this.
Someday there might be a cam, we'll see.
I will be wearing a shroud.
I think that I will make the burqa fashion statement.
Lady Gaga might have you beat based on some pictures I saw on the internet.
Lady Gaga, okay?
That woman needs to take her Adderall.
Alright, my name, by the way, is Rob Roberts, of course.
We are joined by all of you in our chat room, live, as we do tape live every Sunday night
at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com,
6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern on Sundays, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And a big thank you to everybody at the Voice of Geeks Network
and all of you listening live in our chat room,
live.vognetwork.com for tuning in tonight.
We'll be talking about games and CES and all that fun stuff here in a little bit,
but of course we have to introduce the third host on our program.
Say hello to Tech Master, Loki!
Hi.
How are you, Loki?
I'm fine.
So, a trip to Disneyland may be in your future,
based on what we were talking about before the show.
Well, not that I want to go, but my wife might-
How can you not want to go to Disneyland?
How about she go with me and Dan?
There you go.
I'm fine with that.
No, honestly, I'm seriously fine with that.
I told her that she could go with other people,
but she wants to go to Disneyland,
and personally, I don't want to go to Disneyland
just because I don't really-
Most of the times I go, I have this anxiety about going on roller coasters,
although one time I got over that,
and then it came back, so I don't understand it.
One time, I really loved roller coasters.
What is with the macho men I know in my life,
and their polarizing fear of roller coasters?
It's weird. No, it's a weird, irrational thing.
It's not that I think anything's going to happen.
It's just my body reacts to it like that,
and even stupid shit.
You know how they have that really crappy ride
that's over in California Adventure?
It's like the old carnival ride where you're on the swings or whatever.
Oh, I refuse to go on that one.
The silly symphony swings now.
Yeah, that made me feel really sick to my stomach.
It's just weird.
What happens when-
It goes in the shock.
When the wife says, you need to go on California Screamin',
what are you afraid is going to happen?
Do you cry?
No, I don't cry.
I don't want to go.
I don't know.
It's like I can't take the adrenaline rush or something.
It's really weird.
I don't know.
The only thing that gets me on Screamin' is that first hill,
and then I'm fine.
It's Neil Patrick Harris' soothing voice that helps me out every time.
Second thoughts? Too late.
I know that nothing is going to happen to me or anything.
It's not like I'm afraid that the roller coaster
is going to fall off the tracks or something like that.
I know nothing is going to happen to me.
I'm perfectly safe in there.
For some reason, I can't do it.
There was one time I went.
One of the last times I went with my family.
It was kind of like that.
I was like, I don't want to do this.
We went on Thunder Mountain Railroad.
I was like, that wasn't so bad.
We kept going on it over and over and over again.
It was before it killed the people on there.
It was actually pretty fun.
Don't talk about that, okay?
Big Thunder is awesome if you go at night and sit in the back.
It was pretty fun.
I thought, okay, cool.
I was pretty comfortable with it last time.
This should be no big deal this time.
Went there again.
Last time we went, I was like,
why am I afraid of this stuff again?
I don't understand. This doesn't make any sense.
It's not that you think you're going to die on the ride.
It's not even that I feel like I'm going to get sick.
It's almost like a panic attack.
Like you might lose control of your bladder?
No, it's not even that.
It's like a panic attack almost.
You get the palpitations.
Does your heart start beating faster?
Oh my gosh, oh my gosh.
I don't understand.
I don't go on roller coasters really.
That's the thing.
She wants to bring Josh too.
Not even besides the roller coaster stuff,
because I'm fine with just sitting out while she goes on roller coasters and that kind of thing
and just going on parts of the Caribbean and that kind of crap.
But I don't want to take Josh on a plane,
because that is going to be a pain in the ass.
Why the hell would you fly anyway?
You could drive. Yeah, you could drive.
The drive is easy.
We're not going to drive because she won't...
She has to go to the bathroom all the time.
Well, so do I.
Tam puts up with it.
I'm trying to stop him a million times,
but I don't know.
And then I also have to harass him for coffee.
I also get that nervous
when I'm doing really big things.
You remember last year,
and I never shut up about this,
and I'm going to tell the story again.
Remember last year when I had that big thing
where I was at the RuPaul's Drag Race finale
and I got to actually ask a question.
It was supposed to be on TV.
Now it got cut, but it's like a deleted scene you can see online.
Yes, that's me, isn't it?
If you Google it on Logo's site or whatever,
you can see the RuPaul's Drag Race Season 4 deleted scene,
and I'm the first guy that asked the question.
Well, I was so nervous before that.
I literally thought I was going to barf,
and I had to go to the bathroom right before that happened.
In fact, I asked one of the handlers,
I'm like, I'm going to go to the bathroom.
I could feel my heart beating,
but then all of a sudden when the camera's on,
I'm just like, I'll better.
It just melted away.
The only thing that will get me over going on roller coasters
is just going on roller coasters.
That's really the only thing you can do.
Showtime is nothing for you, Rob.
You said to sensitize yourself to it.
Let me introduce that phantom voice you just heard
who hadn't been introduced.
Who the hell was that guy?
That disconnected, deep radio voice.
Well, you hopefully will recognize that disconnected, deep voice
as a voice you hear in the intro to the show every night.
Or the pre-intro, if you will.
Say hello, everybody, to Jason, or VXJsonXVYZ.
It's me, again.
I'm doing this for almost a year,
and that's crazy to me to think about.
Here you are, visiting yet again from Colorado.
But it helps that you come out to San Francisco a lot for work
and we happen to be on the way.
And then drive two hours and kill the better part of my Sunday.
But hey, it's all for a good cause, so no complaints here.
Are we allowed to talk about your job here on the show?
Yeah, I've meant when I had you talk about the game off.
I can't remember, because sometimes we get people in here
who are in the game industry, so we can't say where they work.
Shane!
But it's the big N, Rob!
But anyway, you work at GitHub.
I do.
So you guys have your Git-togethers in San Francisco, right?
I wonder if that came up as a possible name for these big collections.
They bring the whole company, because Git together.
I'll give you that one on the house.
We appreciate that. I'll run it by legal.
Make sure that it's still free.
GitHub brings everybody in for twice yearly summits, January and August.
And so I've been out here.
The first time was when I started working here.
The second time was the summit in August.
We had a little Git-together in November for my team specifically.
And now this is the second summit that I've been a part of with the company.
It's the company's fifth, I believe.
And it's my second.
And it starts tomorrow.
And I'm kind of excited.
Now, real quick, I sort of have a vague idea what GitHub is,
but I kind of feel like I'm not nerdy enough to GitHub.
So what is GitHub?
And where could a beginner nerd like me,
what could I profit from visiting GitHub
and making it a part of my daily routine?
Oh, man, you threw me a curveball.
So the point of GitHub is to foster collaboration and development.
The point is to make it easy to collaborate with fellow programmers,
fellow developers, designers, what have you,
and get things done mutually, beneficially.
Our slogan is something close to making collaborative development easier
and I already screwed it up.
Collaborative development easier than by yourself.
Very much the open source movement,
but development in large part is better with multiple people, period.
You yourself personally, I'm not sure that I have a specific use case for.
We're branching out into documentation.
One of the more interesting stories about GitHub last year
was Obama for America had their whole back-end system,
their CMS and everything on GitHub.
And they were actually doing a tour, so they dropped by the office.
They were pretty cool people.
Like writers, designers, developers,
there is a very obvious use case for them
because it's watching your works change through time.
And if something goes wrong, you can go back to it.
It's change control. It's revision control.
You specifically, I'm not sure.
In my day job, I work a lot with,
I've been getting more and more,
just dabbing my big toe into the Visual Basic macros.
Is that something you guys support?
Yeah, absolutely.
The source behind those macros you can put on there,
change them when you need to if something,
if you find that a change...
There you go. You kind of sold me
because actually I had to learn.
Everything I learned about Visual Basic, I Googled.
I didn't take a class or nothing.
I was like, I know this is something possible.
I know if I click here,
I know it can run a macro to copy another cell
and put it on a clipboard and make it plain text
and stitch cells together and all that.
I know that's possible.
And I learned how to do all that through Googling.
But GitHub, I probably could have done it in about a tenth of the time.
Humongous source control warehouse.
Source control database.
Yeah, I don't think about your day job.
I just think about this when I hear about you.
That's right.
You could just use Google
because Google would probably source GitHub
as one of the responses for that.
Fair enough. Fair enough.
That's fine. I do try to keep my day job and night job separate.
Because I don't want the day job knowing I have this gig
where I say fuck a lot.
It's a little unprofessional and so forth.
That trainer has such a potty mouth.
We're going to use it in class.
Mr. Rob is psycho.
Bruce Wayne never goes to any of his functions as Batman.
I mean, it just doesn't make any sense.
It's kind of like that.
That's a very, very good...
And you're the Joker.
No, no.
I can imagine what a board meeting would go like now.
So, Mr. Wayne, have you looked at the financial report?
I'm Batman.
I did not look at the financial report.
Mr. Wayne, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Also say hello joining us in studio.
Say hello, everybody.
That is my Batman voice.
I am Batman.
Say hello, everybody, to Ry Chan is visiting us here in studio as well tonight.
How are you doing?
Not too bad.
I am psycho.
You're looking at me like I'm psycho.
The only thing I have in my head after you use that voice is the Snickers commercial.
Gotta love those old Snickers commercials.
They were great.
So what are you doing here?
You don't work out here.
You're just here for fun.
I actually managed to get a week off work.
You gotta put that mic real close to your mouth.
It's not that sensitive.
I managed to actually get a week off work.
Hooray.
Hooray.
Vacation.
After retail holidays, I am so happy to be out.
Oh, my gosh.
I can only imagine.
I remember from the last time you were here, wasn't it like a crafting type of store or something?
I work in the printing center in an OfficeMax.
Oh, okay.
Why did I get that?
No, it was your other friend that worked in the crafting store.
It was the gal that you brought that one show.
She was pretty cool.
I never met her before.
Oh.
Rachel?
Yeah.
Her mom runs Babetas.
You gotta bring her back someday.
I tried to.
But for now, we got Ry.
I love Ry too.
So it works out.
So Ry, what happens in San Francisco?
What kind of touristy things you've been doing over there?
I just got in yesterday morning.
No.
You haven't had time to do shit.
Nothing yet.
All right.
Anything on the agenda?
Dinner.
Dinner.
Dinner and more dinner and concerts and music and dinner.
And relaxing and sleeping and a little bit of Diablo.
You are a Diablo 3 nut.
I am.
I say that in the most, and it's interesting to me because I really tried to get on the Diablo 3 bandwagon.
You and I even played some games together and I'm just like, it's not WoW.
I can't.
Or it's not Diablo 2 to me.
But Diablo 3, it's working for you.
And I say, great, great.
Good for you.
It's okay.
I may not like the same game that you like.
What is it about Diablo 3 that keeps you coming back though?
Because you're like level 60 plus the uber levels and all that stuff, right?
Yeah.
I've got seven level 60 characters.
I've got, my main character is Paragon 54 right now.
Jesus Christ.
Right now it's more of a social thing for me.
Just kind of hanging out with friends and play.
That's fair.
That's my excuse for WoW.
I have a Paragon.
Do not.
Do not go there.
Can we get through one freaking show?
No.
Without you going there.
All right.
Anyway.
Jamie's sitting in the back going, well, if you have seven of them, why don't you try a Renegade?
Just do the Renegade to get the full story.
Paragon.
Hey, I don't play Renegade.
Have you ever heard of Diablo 3?
Rob!
Who was another person in this room that signed the damn blood pact?
I had to.
I had to.
All right.
Let's see.
So what's your favorite class in Diablo 3?
My monk has been my favorite.
Monks are pretty cool.
I like the witch doctor and I like the monk.
Good times.
Where's PVP?
1.0.7, which the opening notes just came out the other day for.
Is that something you're interested in or you're like meh?
Meh.
Okay.
A dismissive hand wave?
Yeah.
But some of the other stuff coming in.
The MP experience boost and all that kind of stuff is going to be fun.
XP.
Love it.
Yay, more XP.
Did you fool around with Torchlight 2 at all?
I have not.
I take offense to that.
What?
Did she fool?
Okay, sorry.
It's a video game.
I talk about cheating on WoW all the time.
Sometimes you have a relationship with a video game.
I jest.
Have you heard about the story that's floating around the game blogs this week?
Thanks, JB.
What the fuck's so funny?
I jest.
No, no.
Macho Man in chat said new class for Diablo dork.
Shut up, Macho Man.
Alright.
Ooh, burn.
Macho Man, I would be all over that class.
Ooh, yeah.
Snap into a Batman.
Alright, um.
Half Macho Man, half like, I don't know, the penguin from like the 1960s Batman or something.
I don't really know what that is.
Call it 20 minutes into the show.
We've lost it.
Quack, quack, quack.
Um.
That's a good idea there, Loki.
Quack, quack, quack.
Um.
We should just do a show like that.
I could just sit here and do Batman villains live.
Do you want to talk games tonight?
The April 1st, you know, Orange Lounge.
The 500th episode.
We'll just.
Well, not 500.
Oh, yeah, that is 500.
Yeah, remember we talked about this last week.
Goddammit.
Well, there goes my plan to do it like as like all Batman villains because that would
be kind of.
We'll make another show.
I'm sorry, I totally could not make it through an entire show doing the Eartha Kitt Catwoman.
Uh, where was I?
Torchlight 2, Diablo 3.
Yeah, you were starting to ask me about Torchlight.
Yes, I was, but I was also going on the tangent about that story that's around the game blogs
about how people can spend like 250 hours or like 1000 hours with one video game.
I don't know what the fuck they're talking about.
Yeah, look at.
I mean, I'm talking about like what was it like Romancing Saga 3 or like just these these
interesting video games that people are spending tons of time with.
And it's just about you just obsess over that one game and exploring every little nook
and cranny of it.
I don't know.
I don't know anything about my wrong crowd to talk about that story.
I have no idea because nobody sits around trying to get the fly cam to work on Mass Effect
2 for hours.
I never played that many hours in Grand Theft Auto 4.
Why don't you let Rai Chan talk?
Walk walk walk.
All right.
My monk is sitting at about six hundred and fifty five hours last I've checked.
That's just my monk.
Is that is one.
Is there a command in Diablo three like slash played?
Because there's a game in World of Warcraft and it's kind of like who's actually willing
to type slash played because then it will show you how many hours you've invested on
that character in World of Warcraft and it can be very soul breaking.
Anybody else can look up that information on a player can't they?
Yeah you just look on your profile page and it'll show you how much time you spent with
each of your classes.
But can other people see that at will whenever you're playing as that character?
Yes.
Okay.
You can see my entire group of characters and how many hours have been spent.
The only thing is is that it since I have two monks and two demon hunters it only shows
you the top of the two.
Do you play with strangers ever or do you only like play exclusively with friends?
It depends on who's on.
Right now I try to play with friends as much as possible and it's kind of hard because
I have so many on there so limit only four players per game.
But if other people aren't on then we tend to join in public games right now.
What's your best dumbass story from playing with strangers?
I think she has a unfortunately it's not it's not a random person but I think one of her
recent friends has the best story of the group so far.
Even better.
No you're not getting the the wife and Skype.
Oh shit really?
No names no names protect the innocent but just the whole the the long and the short
of the long.
We're in Gotham City we need to bring these people to justice so we need to hear the story.
What it what it amounts to is that Ryan is usually with a group of however many people
are actually online on either some kind of a ventrilo Skype whatever conference call.
And she was telling me about this story about one of the one of the gamers was playing and
the his Skype call was he didn't have headphones on it was playing and his wife hears another
woman's voice.
And so the two of them are just broadcasting their fight to the whole rest of the party
just just flipping their shit because there's some other woman's voice coming from the computer.
Yeah just an oh my God you told me that you were going to if you were ever going to be
talking to another woman you would tell me about it.
No this got it.
Oh it was.
I think that's the best story she's told me so far.
Really woman needs to get over her insecurity issues.
Yes.
Yeah.
Listening to them scream and cuss at each other was not a good thing.
It was the most entertaining 30 minutes of your life.
That's what she's supposed to say.
Well well in and VOG 006 who's in chat.
It was actually the other person who was in with us.
He hasn't figured out yet how to go through and change it.
But he he's in there.
New users new listeners.
We love them slash Nick.
All right.
Oh Nick please not so quick.
All right.
Welcome to the show.
I hope things go well.
It's good to be back.
Hope we get some more embarrassing stories throughout the night especially about other people.
Those are the best kind.
All right.
Let's talk about our gaming ways and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
Maybe it's you know more Diablo 3 or in Dark Soccer's case.
I can't possibly imagine what she's been playing but I'm going to go over there and ask anyway.
Dark Soccer.
How was your gaming playing a healthy this kiss my ass.
No I played I played some well because I don't kick.
I don't kiss as I kick it.
OK.
Someone get that man a lozenge.
So yeah I've I played some well and which Rob can vouch for since I chatted with him on while and we made my Jane Shepherd because I hate playing monks.
Actually I don't like monks.
Not much.
I actually I really hate the animations for monks on blood elves are just too skinny.
I also played Mass Effect 3 and Mass Effect 2 and I've actually my time in Mass Effect 2 has been nothing but trying to get fly cam to work which I have it working in everything except conversation modes although I did figure out the debug cam but it's still kind of a pain in the ass.
I found out though interesting rendering issues that happen in the game when you try to enable the debug cam.
So I'm also playing limbo which I'm really not very good at.
I started playing that on the train again.
I wanted to kind of get through some of those puzzles that I hadn't done in a while.
I can't get past the damn block floating in the water.
Like do you crawl over it and then make it float or?
You use the block to get a rope that's slightly hidden behind a tree.
The fuck? How am I supposed to see that?
You you you grab the block you pull it back there's a little rope and you can scale the trees on their edges and there's a more or less broken branch that you push over it falls to the ground you push it over the water.
The fuck?
You're at the very baby steps of that game. Oh wow.
I know but I get pissed off and then it's like well fuck this noise I'm not gonna play anymore.
That's a lot of the trick that's like the I don't want to call it the gimmick of the game because the design in general is really fantastic and it doesn't it doesn't abuse that but that's very much the the gimmick of the game is that the the scaling and the directional because you know it has the whole background foreground covers that it'll kind of do the foreground to trick your eyes when you're going forward and reset you from what's actually in the playable game.
But yeah grab the block bring it back look for a tiny little rope dangling from the tree scale up you'll find a break in a tree action push.
Okay I'm doing that tonight you know.
And now I wonder though if it's one of the games they've enabled with Linux yet.
I have not been keeping any look at that library whatsoever.
Anybody? Linux? Limbo? I mean it is Mac compatible so hopefully it's easy enough to bring to the whole saga.
I just don't think it would be too hard for my netbook to handle the game but it's actually one that I can just actually leave on a screen and look around because I think it's pretty.
Yeah it's two two tones the the the look of that game is ridiculously good.
I love monochromatic stuff and then I've actually started drawing again.
Yay drawing!
Well I know I've talked about it on the show before but with my hand injury after my surgery I had a really hard time drawing because if I keep my hand in one position too long it'll cramp up really badly and painfully.
I haven't been able to break down the scar tissue in my hand.
So I found out the hard way that the pressure sensitivity in my tablet went out.
So I actually took out paper and pencil and started drawing my one of my femsheps just drawing.
And I got I managed to draw something I was in a lot of pain when I was done but I drew something and that's related to video games because of Garris.
Okay femshep. Oh my god Rob.
Trufflemania has landed on the Orange Lounge radio table.
Hello my name is Jamie and I like to do drawings.
You know what's funny? What?
I spent two hours watching episodes of Simon in the Land of Chalk Drawings.
Which have you ever seen what that skit came from Simon in the Land of Chalk Drawings?
Wait the one that was on Saturday Night Live that Mike Myers did?
Yeah I grew up watching Simon in the Land of Chalk Drawings and I thought no one else had heard of it until I found out another friend of mine had.
No I knew it was based on like a real thing so good times.
Alright then I guess we're on to Loki. How was your game week?
I played lots of Skyrim because I was working on getting the PC version. Well I got the PC version working of course.
But I loaded on about I think I have 97 mods running right now.
And the whole point was I wanted to add a bunch of stuff to the game so that it would seem not necessarily new but like I would forget what mods I put on there.
So I wouldn't know if like hey I just haven't run across this yet or hey this is something new.
So I did that and my character is really overpowered and stuff but it's kind of fun.
And of course I had to mess with everything.
Got super jumping, got this really creepy puppet master thing where there's these puppets that run around that you can summon that are really creepy looking.
And then I have the mod where you can summon a bear that plays Miserulu which is awesome.
Wait what?
It's a bear that plays Miserulu. It was great too because I really need to start broadcasting or recording this stuff because I was in a dungeon and you're supposed to be sneaking around or whatever to attack people.
So what did I do? I spawned my puppet thing who ran down and charged after them. I spawned the bear that started playing Miserulu and I jumped down and hit him with a squeaky bat.
If you are interested in broadcasting on the OLR broadcast channel I can give you all that information and the software. The software is free.
Okay.
So yeah.
That might be fun.
Not breaking any rules.
So I've been playing a lot of that and played a little bit of well actually played quite a bit of Borderlands 2 this week. Finished the single player campaign and yeah we cheated.
But that's alright though because it's a lot more fun when we have really overpowered guns. A lot more fun.
So we did that and what else?
Do you own Borderlands on both the 360 and the PC?
I have Borderlands 1 on PC and 360. I have Borderlands 2 only on 360.
Okay.
I have Borderlands 1 on PlayStation 3 and PC but that's because PS3 did the whole free with PlayStation Plus and I was like what the hell? Why not?
Nuts to lack of cross platform multiplayer. As always.
And then today I tried playing Forza Horizon although I see I was going to play because I have the Microsoft racing wheel and I've been meaning to try that out.
So the first thing I started trying to use the right racing wheel and I realized oh I need the AC adapter plugged in there because you have to have a battery pack and an AC adapter for the damn thing to work which is really ridiculous.
So I did that and then when I tried syncing the racing wheel with the 360 I broke the, well I temporarily broke the sync button on the racing wheel so I had to take the whole thing apart to fix that.
So I got that fixed. Finally with like 5 minutes left before I had to leave I got to play with the steering wheel and I realized I don't like the steering wheel.
It kind of, well it doesn't suck but it's just like I oversteer so easy on that thing it's just not very comfortable and also I didn't really have it set up on like a TV stand or something like that.
I'm not sure that thing was made for the type of arcade racer that Forza Horizon is anyway. I mean Forza Horizon and like Forza 4 control very differently.
So yeah I'm probably not going to play with that because it's kind of a pain in the ass to set all that up.
But I wanted to have used it for something because it was going to be used on the arcade cabinet but I just haven't gotten around to doing anything with it.
So I just kind of like hey I have this thing I'm going to try it out and see if it's any good and it's alright but controller is probably going to be the way I go with that.
And then what else did I play? I played a bit of Modern Warfare 3. I think we played about a day of that. No it was alright.
I've been trying to play a lot more stuff on my Steam account. I've been downloading things.
Make use out of it. Good man.
Yeah.
Alright. Anything else?
That's it yeah.
Then let us go over to I guess I'll go and then our guests can go.
As far as my gaming week honestly not a whole lot of new stuff.
You know this is kind of a time to catch up and to be fair I've been playing a lot of WoW because I'm trying to gear up a character so that she's ready to raid.
Because we're having some changes in our raiding roster.
When there was some other changes with guilds and things like that.
That is all on Hoard House.
By the way just I got to plug the other show I do.
Best Little Hoard House in Azeroth. Hoardhouse.com.
We had an epic show this week and if you like reality television at all.
We had Ronnie who was on Big Brother CBS a couple years ago.
Was our guest because he was like the video game nerd on his season.
Well like he legit he knows his shit with WoW and he was on the show.
So it was a great show so please please check it out at Hoardhouse.com.
Even if you don't like reality TV it was still a fun show and we talked Warcraft.
So that kind of took up a lot of my time.
But I did I you know I actually was using Netflix on the Wii U.
I know that's not a game but it's kind of my preferred Netflix device.
I was watching a movie the other night.
And then I was playing on the 3DS the demo for Mutant Mudds.
Which I liked it's like a kind of like an 8-bit platformer.
But the whole fact that you can jump into the background and you come up into the foreground.
The 3D kind of lends itself very well to that whole thing.
But you know if you like retro games I'm sure Mutant Mudds is something that's right up your alley.
And there's the demo so go check it out for 30 plays.
And kind of because of Shane I found my copy of Pokemon Pearl.
And it's always Shane's fault. Fucker.
He is such a dealer.
In a way in a way I mean I've done it to him too.
It goes both ways but the talk of the new Pokemon games.
I'm not going to spoil it because I know there's a news story coming up on it earlier.
But I think we all know new Pokemon games were announced this week.
And so I was asking questions about can you send Pokemon back and forth.
Because the new game looks like it fixes like a lot of the problems I've had with the older games.
And the older games I'm like they haven't they don't look any fucking different than they did in the original black and white Game Boy.
Like they don't like yeah they're in color and there's extra things but they've changed very little.
First rule of Nintendo development. Don't change anything unless you really have to.
But this new one looks really like they have like totally redone it.
So I'm very excited about that. We'll talk more about the reboots later.
Or I shouldn't say reboot. How it's not a reboot. We'll talk about that later.
But then I got it got me to thinking I'm like well I kind of want to I want to be able to like be really cool and have like Pokemon from the old games that I can transfer into the new games.
Because I guess every Pokemon game has to have the coding and the programming for every single stinking Pokemon before it.
Because you transfer from one game to like I guess even the newest like black to white to have the classic Pokemon red and blue characters in them.
Because it is possible to have like a what's a what's a great Pokemon from the red blue era. Let's say Jinx to have a Jinx.
Porygon! Like like traitor all the way up. It's possible.
So I'm kind of like well maybe I should just make use of the Pokemon games I have.
I played for 30 minutes and I was like I don't know if I'm gonna be able to do this for 40 hours or however long it takes to play a game. But we'll see.
How do you transfer your collections all the way up like that?
There's ways to do it. You have to you have to have the right systems and the right.
But like you know in the original DS's had the well the Game Boy Advances could read both regular Game Boy games and advanced games.
So I'm sure you can connect the two together and do it that way.
Okay and then the DS's had the advanced port and the regular port like the original ones.
Yeah the Fats did.
So you could do it that way and then.
And now DS is an upper all network based.
They're all network based exactly so now you do it that way.
Wow.
That's crazy to think that Nintendo still has like a straight line of interconnection with at least one generation like that.
Technist in our chatroom says I haven't played Pokemon since Red, Blue, Yellow. Well in my opinion Technist you haven't missed much.
Same.
But these new ones look like it's gonna really correct that.
I tried to jump back in. We have Diamond and Pearl.
We do have Diamond and Pearl.
I told myself that I love the concept of what you can do with Pokemon and I would jump into it when I feel that the features, the hardware is available to make really cool features and so we both bought into Diamond and Pearl.
I played it for an hour or two maybe and I just said ehhh.
And now I find out that Black 2 and White 2 are original DS and not 3DS.
I don't really remember what my complaint about that was but it just surprised me because it came out well after the 3DS was in existence.
Of course I haven't played regularly since Yellow. I actually still have the Game Boy, the special Game Boy from Yellow.
Yes you do.
Let's see going to some comments from our chatters at live.vognetwork.com.
AlphaCananagram says Skye, Pokemon kind of changed in a certain generation stats wise where it couldn't go up?
SSJ100Matt says the farthest back you can go are the Game Boy Advance Leaf, Green, Fire, Red games.
Well it wouldn't surprise me if Shane lied to me y'all.
I got all this from Shane so take it up with him.
Alright he can call in later to defend himself.
I'll go ahead and share the details of a private chat we were having between Shane and I.
He was asking what starter Pokemon I picked in Pearl and what I named him.
Because I just remembered he did have a really great name for his, what is it, Chimchar?
Is it a little monkey? A little fire monkey?
Umm, Chim...
Yeah it's Chimchar.
I don't think so that doesn't sound right.
Well he named his Chimchar which we're going to call it now until the chatter corrects us.
He named his Chimchar, Ho-Monkey.
Think about it, Ho-Monkey.
Homo and Key.
Homo, Homo and Key. Get it?
So I said well what do I name him?
Name yours Flaming Finger.
No, I picked a Piplup because they're little penguins and penguins are adorable right?
And I was like well I didn't think to give it a dirty name because I need to know their regular name.
I can't remember my name and their name.
Like if you want me to learn Pokemon I just need to call it what it is right?
I very rarely, I think I do this in any RPG I play.
I don't change their names. I need to know their regular names.
So in your head Sanrio's name is Kat?
Yes.
So...
Sharmi was other Kat.
So Shane suggested I call, I should go back and call him Penisquin.
Didn't even think about that.
Didn't even think about that.
Alright and Misty in chat by the way says it is Chimchar Jason.
I thought we were still talking original 151.
You are. Oh then you're thinking Charizard.
No I'm thinking Chim...
Chim...
Oh Charmander.
I remember Mankey and for the life of me I can't think of the evolved version of it.
I named my Mankey a very dirty word in Japanese.
Alright anyhow.
So now that I've been talking about Pokemon on this show for 10 minutes we should probably move on with other gaming.
I was going to say one more thing about Forza Horizon.
Of course obviously the one thing that's blatantly in your face is that stupid festival.
Which I was like oh my god I don't fucking care about the god damn festival I want to race.
I want to race. I don't care about it.
You'll get it.
That was the same thing that bothered me at first.
That slowly slips into the background.
It doesn't matter anymore. You'll be fine.
Thank you for bringing that up because I did spend a night on Forza Horizon.
We had a fun night.
Some of the VoG people. It was myself, Bobby, ActDeft, SSJ100Matt.
We were all playing and it was a good time.
So we'll probably do that again during the week.
So keep an eye on Twitter for when we're going to play some Forza Horizon.
Because that's a fun game.
So how do you add the VoG Car Club thing?
Because I couldn't find that option.
Of course I only looked for about a minute.
I'll invite you.
If somebody hasn't already done it by the time those words left my mouth.
Because if you're on the friends list of ActDeft or Bobby or somebody.
They just go into the car club. They can find you.
But I think for other people.
I think when you go to the car club you can search for VoG.
V-O-G.
And that's the tag. V-O-G.
It's easy to find.
Alright, let's move on.
Less Pokey, more me.
Yes, less Pokey, more Jason.
Pokey Jason, how was your gaming week?
I have no idea how to respond to that.
I didn't know this was that kind of show.
Hey, at least I didn't call you home monkey.
Alright.
I have been a very bad gamer.
Like I believe I said at the top of the show.
I was out here in November.
I spent Christmas with my family in western Colorado.
So I was away from all of my exciting electronic video boxes.
I haven't played very much in a very long time.
I had the discussion with Jamie that I kind of started to poke back into limbo.
Because it sounded interesting.
But my go to hobby is turning into music.
And that's taking over quite a bit.
Because I don't know that I've even touched Borderlands 2 since October.
Maybe November.
I just... I play lots of tiny little things.
Like I have stupid apps on my phone.
I touch my 3S every once in a great while.
But I just don't...
There's nothing that I have that dedication to right now.
I'll tell you a secret.
Mixing music is something I've kind of always wanted to get into as well.
I've tried. I've downloaded programs to try and do it.
But you can't do it software only.
I took the plunge.
I made the $500 investment to get a controller that appealed to...
The $500 investment more like $1500 after my case, speakers, mixer, cables, and shit.
Alan! That's what I want for my birthday.
And that's kind of where I'm at right now.
I pick up new music. I play around with it.
I find ways to put it into mixes.
Are you playing dubstep?
No. I was actually...
I've been asked that sarcastically.
But I've gotten a few no shit requests about it.
And I started thinking about my library.
I'm like, well I have Skrillex because I was on that bandwagon.
Look at your library. Look at your choices.
If my choices are based off my library, I have very few complaints.
You actually just made me think of something though.
There's a YouTube video of a cockatiel trilling dubstep.
Because you know birds adapt to sounds around them into their language?
The bird speaks dubstep.
I definitely need to see this sometime.
People want some music to be played at a party or whatever.
I've gotten completely serious requests to play something like that.
And I just kind of think of what I have in my library.
And it's like, I know a couple of these artists.
I have a couple of one-offs.
I have Skrillex because everybody jumped on that bandwagon.
Some people call knife party dubstep even though they are not.
But I could not play 30 minutes worth.
Get Nero. Nero's awesome.
Nero's...
House dubstep and... what else does he do? Drum and bass.
Yeah, I really enjoy Nero. I just don't have very much of his stuff.
In all fairness, because I don't want the dubstep fans to email the show.
I hate you. Wub wub wub.
I acquired the new Muse album this past week, which is a great album.
One of their songs though is a little bit dubstep experimentation.
It's the best song on the whole album. It really is.
It really is, for real.
Yeah, my two joints right now are the general house genre.
It's kind of progressive, electro, maybe down to trance.
But then I play a lot of UK and Happy Hardcore that I've enjoyed for a very long time.
And now I can actually do something interesting with it, so that's been pretty fun.
And the great culmination of that is that my company, my employer, is putting on two shows this week.
Tuesday at Mighty Down in San Francisco and Thursday a very public event at Public Works San Francisco.
And I'm going to be on stage and I am freaking scared and excited and crazy.
You're going to be like closely about to get on a roller coaster at Disneyland.
Yes, very much so.
Right.
Ry, how was your gaming week? What kind of video games have you been playing lately?
Diablo?
Not 24-7, but for the most of it.
Just 22-7, you know. I need a couple of hours of work.
Yeah, I went from Paragon, I believe, 47 up to 54 the past week.
Running public games and whatnot.
The only other thing that I've played recently was Lego Lord of the Rings that I got for my birthday.
Oh, of course.
I really haven't gotten very far in it.
Because?
Diablo 3.
That's like a lot of games for me in World of Warcraft, so I don't feel bad.
Alright.
Well, I hope you can discover some more games in the coming weeks.
Because eventually you're going to hit Paragon 60 and then what?
Paragon 100.
60 is the standard level cap, but Paragon is 100.
And that's of course also per character.
She has... no?
No, I am done after I get this character.
That's what they all say, huh?
It can be. Paragon is still specific to a character.
And should she want to, she does have six other characters anyways.
Alright, anyhow.
Not to mention the fact that there's an achievement for getting ten level 60s and having two of each class at level 60.
She has the plan.
It's all about the achievements.
Actually, that was another thing I was doing this week.
I was trying to achievement hunt in old games.
Okay, guys.
Guess what game I played this week just to get an achievement.
Yars.
Worse. Worse.
Dino Dash.
What is an Xbox Live Arcade game worse than Yaris and worse than Dino Dash?
Avatar.
Worse than Avatar.
Um...
Xbox Live Arcade.
It's offensive to anybody who listened to this show earlier today.
Yes, I would say it beat and groovy.
Beat and groovy. I played beat and groovy this week.
Oh, shame on you.
And I got a new achievement.
To put money into that.
I had to play every song in three button mode.
I was so bored.
And like, Alan walked out into the room.
He's like, this looks bad.
What is this?
I'm like, it's on Xbox Live Arcade.
I'm like, doesn't it look like it's PlayStation 1?
He's like, yeah, look at those character animations.
Those are real next-gen right there.
So...
Yeah.
I had one of those weeks.
Shame. Shame.
That's just a travesty.
No, shame to chat.
Alright.
I found something for you.
Oh, this is for me.
So this is...
Oh, yes. Okay.
Because earlier when you were talking about the bird singing dubstep, I'm like...
Oh boy.
This show's been derailed seven times from Sunday already.
So...
What the hell?
What's another video gonna add to it?
Okay, here we go.
I think that's the one.
So this is bird singing dubstep.
If there's an ad on this, so help me God.
So help me God.
Rod, it's not my fault.
You need to have your ad block up.
You're using Chrome, right?
No, you're not.
Why are you using Chrome?
Firefox.
Shame on you.
That's it.
That's it.
The funny thing is that actually sounds like some pretty impressive beatboxing to an extent.
Stupid bird.
My sister's birds would probably be something like that.
She has a bird that's exactly like that.
I like that it's dancing.
I could just listen to that for three hours.
I could see the appeal of dubstep.
I could totally just listen to that tonight.
Let's go to break, you guys.
We're gonna have our music break tonight.
Coming soon to DDR.
You know what's funny though?
Actually birds like in the wild will pick up sounds from civilization around them and
really incorporate that into their bird calls.
Like I've heard birds do car alarms and construction sites.
I've heard sounds of birds that sound like they're drilling, like in heavy construction
sites.
SSJ100 Matt in our chat room says, congrats.
OLR has found the end of the internet.
That's right.
We have collectively been eaten by a group.
Good night everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge.
I don't know.
I was just saying, tard's been replaced by dubstep bird.
I don't know.
I think Polly, the x-rated parrot might be a little, uh, you know, that came and went
though.
No, it's not Polly.
It's Ruby.
Oh yeah, that.
All right.
Let's, let's move on into some housekeeping.
Facebook.com slash orange lounge radio, twitter.com slash OLR.
You can also hear this show in Stitcher.
Use thumbs up a lot if you listen there and share with all your friends and spread the
word cause you know, I can't imagine why word of the show doesn't spread like wildfire across
the masses.
By the way, speaking of popularity contests, uh, the podcast awards happened this past
week and we didn't win.
Uh, that's too bad.
And I want to give a shout out.
I got to give a shout out to my twitter buddy cause us independent podcasts have to stick
together.
I got to give a shout out to my twitter buddy Godfrey from a gamer tag radio and you know,
he, that is a hard working guy.
Uh, and he is very good at promoting his show.
He's a very passionate podcaster and I honest to God thought he was going to win it.
I really did.
And you know, it was kind of that thing where it's like, I'd love to win it, but if Godfrey
won it, it's hard to be mad because you know, he's been nominated several times.
He's, he's at this point they're becoming like the Susan Lucci of the podcast awards.
And so it's like, let the, let the guy win already.
He didn't win either.
And I was, I was like legit upset that he didn't win and we didn't win.
So Rob was doing that thing where he fans his face a little bit.
I won't cry.
I'm not going to Las Vegas cause Godfrey is probably going to win this year.
So I'll watch the speech from home.
And then when he didn't win, I'm like, Oh God, that poor guy went all the way to Vegas.
But it sounds like he had some great inspiration and all that and got to meet some really cool
people and do the networking.
So shame on me for not going to Vegas, but I'm broke.
I am broke.
Christmas broke me.
So this was not a good time of the year for the podcast.
Anyway, uh, that is it, uh, for housekeeping.
Let's get into some gaming news.
Loki.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about CES fun stuff.
And of course one of the big major announcements, um, gaming wise, they kind of happened a little
bit before CES even began was the new Nvidia handheld console that they're putting out.
It's the Nvidia shield and it's a Tegra four, um, based handheld system.
And it kind of looks like a controller with a screen attached to it.
And what's kind of unique about it though, aside from the fact that it looks like an
Xbox three 60 controller and has the kind of almost the same button configuration.
That thing is that, uh, first off the display is pretty high def.
It's a seven 20 P display.
Um, and of course, one of the things you can do with it is run Android games, obviously,
because it is running Android and you can even run, um, PC games on there by streaming
them to your system.
And they even have a way to, you know, it has an HDMI out on it, so you can play it
on your TV if you want.
Um, but the whole fact that you can basically put in this mode where you stream stuff from
your PC and you can even bring up steam and play like, you know, console games on that
is kind of cool.
Um, I can stream anything I want from my, uh, PC to the gaming handheld.
Um, I guess whatever supported from it, but yeah, so number of seconds before porn is
displayed on one of these devices that has a web, it has a web browser in it cause it's
Android.
So yes, it would be no time whatsoever.
But if you think about it though, if you can stream from your PC and I'm assuming though
that you can only do this, um, over LAN, I don't think it's actually, you know, over
the internet, but you could probably do World of Warcraft, you know, sitting in bed with
the controller and stuff like that.
You know, I don't know how you could do a lot sitting in bed.
Yeah.
No chat though.
Hypothetically, hypothetically, if I happen to have a TV in my bedroom, I could have boobies
on the TV and boobies on the little handheld.
Yes.
Here dog, I heard you like boobs.
So here's some boobs while you're watching boobs.
Um, but that's what technology is all about y'all.
So yeah, they have, they have the whole, you know, steam big, uh, big picture mode support
on there.
Um, no price announced yet for it.
And obviously, you know, because it's one of the first to fry or devices that has a
ticker form a chip and it's, it'll be interesting to see what it can run.
Um, they're saying, you know, more console quality games.
Uh, some of the games that they have announced for it, Hawken, which was a PC kind of a mech
shooter and actually, um, what was that?
One of the other titles was an old Wii game.
The conduit is going to be getting like some sort of, you know, souped up version.
They'll be on Android.
Um, so there's that stuff.
And then of course, you know, some other, you know, Android games, there's going to
be more tear for games coming out.
Um, Nope.
And like I said, no price point yet.
That's kind of, everyone's like, Oh, it's going to kill the Ouya and stuff like that.
They haven't announced the price yet.
And the fact that, you know, this thing has got a display on it and the Tegra four, it's
most likely not going to be within that $99 price point.
So I don't know.
It'll be interesting to see.
I think it's kind of exciting though, because you know, I've been looking forward to possibly
making a computer that'll be hooked up to my TV at someday to use kind of like steam
big picture mode.
And you know, the fact that I'll be able to stream stuff to a separate screen, kind of
like you can with the Wii U would be kind of, kind of fun, you know, and actually be
able to, when the wife is hogging the TV, you know, as she's been doing for the last
three months,
a lot of people on the internet dismissing this as unnecessary.
Uh, you know, why, why does Nvidia have to get into this too?
Why they do their own hand?
They have the chip and I think they've done their own like tablets or they've, I mean,
they're providing chips for tablets.
Why not?
I mean, they've got the Nvidia zone thing for their Tegra stuff, the Tegra 3 stuff.
So because they can, I mean, they're already in the PC marketplace.
If you think about it though, this technology, that's the only thing.
You're going to need a really high end graphics card in order to run this because it's built
into your graphics card as far as being able to stream to this device.
So really new high end graphics card and it has to be the Nvidia card.
So that's why they're in this is because, oh, that's a really cool device.
Oh crap, got to upgrade my graphics card and I have to buy Nvidia.
So that means more money for them.
It's win-win because they sell the device in the graphics card.
So when I first read about this, I was quick to blame the Ouya for this.
I don't know what it is, but I, I, there was a part of me that said Nvidia is doing this
because of the Ouya and because of the way the Ouya took off, Nvidia said, you know,
you know what Ouya's got wrong about this is that Ouya's making them, making you hook it up to a TV.
What if we did an Ouya that's handheld?
I mean, isn't that, that's what a lot of this stuff is.
An Ouya that's handheld is a tablet.
Well, what, okay.
With a Bluetooth controller.
Okay, what, isn't that kind of what this is?
I mean, it's not a tablet per se, but it might as well be.
No, this is, I think something else.
I think this is just, their whole thing is they're trying to go after PC gaming because,
I mean, they make money off of their chips, but I think they're gonna make more money off their graphics cards
and all the tech that goes into that because, I mean, it's them and ATI, that's it.
That's your choices for graphics cards and anything to edge out the competition to make people say,
hey, you know what, I should get this because it's got, and if you think about it,
Nvidia's kind of done stuff like that.
I mean, they have three displays and they have, you know, that built into it and the PhysX stuff
and also now the streaming thing and CUDA cores where you can, you know, run other things using that.
You know, PC applications that support those other cores.
I mean, that's kind of the direction they're going.
So I wouldn't exactly blame the Ouya for it because, I mean, they don't know how it's gonna do yet.
I mean, granted, you're seeing a lot more of these set top, I mean, the whole thing with CES was just like,
you know, it's tablets and Google TV and 4K TVs is basically the three big things.
But all people really want is an iPad.
I don't think so.
Are you sure?
Yeah. I mean, well, there's the Apple people that have to keep buying new things.
There's a lot of Apple people though.
There's a lot of people bought the Wii, but, you know, that doesn't mean that Nintendo's doing, you know,
really well with the next system.
A quick context jump, at least as far as the consumer is concerned.
A buddy of mine that has this dinosaur of a phone was blown away at the ability to take his Wii U game pad,
be in another room in the house and continue to browse the internet.
He doesn't have to pull out his laptop.
That too, really.
Kind of awkward for this anyways. Sorry.
But it was just, it was the most absurd thing for me to read is that, wow, I have four inches of the internet,
right smack dab in this little handheld controller and I don't even have to be in the same room as the TV is in.
And I did one of these things where I reached into my pocket and I pulled out my phone.
I was like, wow, I'm not confined to the house.
This is like five years in the future.
And it's just strange because it's also like a connectivity excuse.
If you can game anywhere, even on a screen that's that small, people will do it when they can.
And I think there's application for it.
It's not necessarily, it doesn't necessarily fit in best for us.
Maybe, maybe not as much as another person, but for these people that just have little setups,
it has enough of an application to survive in the market, I think.
Well, how do you win across the people, the elderly folks that like Wii Sports Bowling?
You show them the voodoo magic that is TV on a thing that's not the TV.
Holy crap, how did my TV get on this little piece of plastic?
It says black magic. I'm buying one.
And then they bowl it, drop it, and...
Are you a wizard?
Actually, in this case, it keeps working if they were to bowl that little controller.
Unless they like break off, snap off the screen.
No, no, I can't connect anymore.
I don't like this camera on this thing. I think it's going to steal my identity.
That's an old...
I could see that.
I've gotten that before.
Have you really?
Yeah, not camera specifically, but my name's on a website because I'm in a play.
Is there any problem with that?
That's why my mom won't join Facebook.
I asked my mom. I asked my mom.
My mom is on Twitter, and I'm not allowed to give out her Twitter handle or she will murder me.
But my mom has always said like...
And she's only on Twitter because she wants to follow Cher, Kathy Griffin, Barack Obama, and Rosie O'Donnell.
No Oprah?
Not yet. She probably just hasn't thought of that one.
But anyway, she follows like four people, and then me. She stalks me on Twitter.
But anyway, what was I really going to say?
Oh yes, my mom will not join Facebook, and her thing always is,
Rob, I don't need to join Facebook.
People have their identities stolen on Facebook, Rob.
And no one wants to see my face.
That's her line. No one wants to see my face.
My face isn't on Facebook. At least not my profile picture.
There you go.
People have their identities stolen because they gave their card to someone, which you do on a daily freaking basis.
People get their identities stolen from a waiter at a restaurant who is not somebody that the restaurant probably wants representing them.
But unfortunately shit happens.
So, you know, you just gotta be careful.
Alright, let's move on with some more news, shall we?
Talking about something else that was, you know, we didn't get a whole lot of gaming news out of CES this year.
But there was a couple things here and there.
And this was something that was gaining a lot of esteem, if you will, the talk at CES.
It's Valve Steam Box.
And it was confirmed by Gabe Newell that the Steam Box will run Linux.
The Steam Box, of course, is a little PC in a box that's basically designed to be hooked up to the computer.
It's basically out there to compete with the consoles, but it's a PC, it's Steam, and it will be Linux.
And this is the one from Valve.
From Valve. The official one from Valve.
Yes.
By the way, that box itself, not supposed to hit in 2013.
That kind of surprises me.
Why not strike now when all this stuff is a big hit?
I don't get what's so freaking difficult about this.
Like, what do they have planned for this?
I'm going back to an earlier prediction, by the way.
I am going back to an earlier prediction I had and I'm sticking by it.
Half-Life 3, when the Steam Box happens.
Probably.
Why not?
And people who have the Steam Box will get Half-Life 3 first.
And watch that thing just cut the Ouya off of the kneecaps. Watch. Watch.
There's a reason why it's not dropping this year.
Compatibility.
Oh, because of Linux compatibility. They're waiting for more of the games.
They need more developers to jump on.
That's why Steam Linux is coming to Linux systems first.
Because they need to have that library base.
They need it to be as successful as possible because when that thing drops,
Why can't I play Mass Effect on there?
Why can't I play World of Goo on there?
Why can't I play Toki, Tory, Limbo?
Anyways.
Well, how about a comment from Ben Krasnow, who is an electrical engineer with Valve.
Although I thought that's weird because I thought Valve people didn't have titles,
but maybe that's just what's on his resume if you looked at his LinkedIn or something.
Quote, With regards to the Steam Box news, there's been a lot of things stated in media which I didn't say.
For example, it's true that we are working on getting Steam into the living room
and are planning for a hardware box,
but we have no current plans to announce anything in 2013.
So the Linux thing may end up being something...
The thing to draw from this, we're hearing about the Linux thing now,
but that may actually end up not being the case.
Maybe it's running Linux now, but who knows what's going to happen.
Because it can't run Windows 8.
That would look really weird.
Well, it can't run Windows period.
It can't run Mac OS, so why wouldn't it run Linux?
Mac OS like iOS. Wow.
It could run a modified version of Linux.
Yeah, anything like...
They may put together the Steam OS.
The Steam OS, which is going to be a Linux kernel,
their own different base utilities, whatever they need to do.
Call it Linux, call it not.
Call it not Linux because it's proprietary.
I don't know. What a big surprise.
It's going to be based on the biggest open platform in the world.
Well, speaking of open platforms,
Gabe Newell apparently looking at the Steam Box
as being something, or Steam in general,
as being something that is a very user-generated paradise.
Maybe taking a cue from GitHub. Who knows?
Our view has always been...
Wow, nice leap.
Yeah, nice.
Our view has always been that we should build tools for customers
and tools for partners.
An editorial filter is fine,
but there should be a bunch of editorial filters.
The backend services should be network APIs that anybody can use.
On the consumer side, anybody should be able to put up a store
that hooks into those services.
Some people will create team stores.
Some people will create Sony stores.
Some people will create stores with only games that they think meet their quality bar.
Somebody is going to create a store that says,
these are the worst games on Steam.
So that's an example of where our thinking is leading us right now.
Very interesting.
Four letters.
H-T-T-P.
Because the web is something that...
Or what? What's the point you're making with that?
Because that's become the universal communication mechanism.
And let somebody do whatever the hell they want
and then interconnect it and host it
and make it available just by pointing to a different location
and boom, the freedom of the internet and the open platform and hoorah.
I don't want to be dismissive about it
because really it is the best thing to come to computing ever
besides computing existing in the first place.
But it's just an interesting thing they're banking on, I guess.
I don't know. I don't really have a way to summarize it.
It's just funny that Steam has come from store to meta store
and opening it all up, but there's still the linchpin holding it all together.
I don't know. I feel like I'm still missing one last detail
that makes this whole narrative of everything Steam is doing
over the next three years to make sense.
Do you think the Steam box is going to be too late?
Oh, hell no.
No, not even a little bit.
It's going to be a significant player, period.
That's all there is to say about it.
I don't think it really matters if it's too late.
Yeah, because there's other Half-Life 3s on it.
Well, I don't think they're really going to necessarily put Half-Life 3
exclusive to the Steam box or anything like that,
but I think that it may launch with it or something.
And there's other third-party manufacturers of this stuff,
so if you don't like the configuration of running Linux or anything like that,
that probably wouldn't be something I'd be interested in.
I don't know. I just don't really want to run Linux.
What about Linux Mint?
Could Jamie get her precious Linux Mint on a Steam box, you think?
Probably.
Why not? I can get Linux Mint on a USB drive.
If you can get Linux on a toaster, Rob, Mint will run on anything.
Here's what I would like to see.
I would like to see more apps coming to Steam big picture mode,
like, for example, Netflix and Hulu and that kind of stuff,
because right now that's the thing.
I wanted to build a PC that has this kind of cool interface
like the Xbox 360 and stuff,
and big picture mode definitely works for that stuff,
and I know there's workarounds that you can do.
You can trick it into getting external programs to run it,
but I'm talking about something that's actually in Steam big picture mode
without having to do some workarounds and stuff.
That would be pretty awesome, so that I can get all that stuff in there,
because that's really what I'm looking for,
is just watch TV stuff, play games,
run it on a PC because things will look better.
All right, let's move on with more news,
because there was news this week that had nothing to do with new fangled consoles
and new boxes and things,
but news about the good old consoles that are out now, right, Jamie?
Yeah, some Pokemans.
Pokemon.
So Nintendo announced that Pokemon X and Pokemon Y
are going to be on the Nintendo 3DS,
and they should be out later this October.
Why are we thinking that far ahead, man?
But it just makes me wonder if you get all chick Pokemon in one
and all dude Pokemon in the other, because they're XY.
Even if Pokemon had XY chromosomes, I'm just saying.
No, I think it has something to do with the way the final bosses are named or something.
Well, at any rate, they're actually saying that it's not a reboot,
it's just an evolution of the franchise,
and Game Freak has basically been working their ass off trying to get it out.
The quote is saying that there has never been a conscious decision to reboot.
There's always been an evolution of the look and feel.
No one gives a shit.
So their Pikachu has evolved into a Raichu.
Yeah, their Pikachu is like a Pikachuer.
Their Wubachu has evolved into a Dubstepachu.
That's never going to get old.
Never ever.
And that's the sound that Pokemon still make in the games today, by the way.
They never learned how to say their names like they did in the cartoon,
but you go like, you know, Ho Monkey, I choose you, and it goes...
The best thing that the newer Pokemon games have ever given is,
X, use the Pester Ball. It's super effective.
It's super effective.
Are you excited about Pokemon X and Y?
No.
Will you give it another chance?
No.
I saw the little trailer video, and first things first about the trailer video.
Fennekin, totally adorable.
Have you seen Fennekin?
No.
Let me put it this way.
DeviantArt, like, jizzed in their pants.
DeviantArt pisses me off.
Why does DeviantArt piss you off?
Besides the royalty thing.
Okay.
I'm talking the community.
Don't bring up that crap about the royalties.
I don't care about that.
The community and all that.
Tumblr blew up.
The royalty thing is...
Oh God.
No, and actually, there are a lot of people who get their panties in a wad on DeviantArt these days,
so I'm just completely kind of done, even though I did post something on there.
Done.
So, wait a minute. You're done with DeviantArt, but you just posted there the other day?
Yeah, because I actually use...
I pay for my DeviantArt account to host my portfolio.
I guess that's fair.
All right, look, look.
I got to show you this in the little trailer, although I'm sure I'm going to get hit with an ad here,
but I got to show you in this trailer the Fennekin, because Fennekin's super adorable.
And finally, the game looks different.
It's not that same sprite-based thing we've seen since the original freaking games.
It is like what you would expect to see on a 3DS.
And Pikachu's still in it.
Pikachu!
Okay, so, you know, it's like, yay, we're going to take over the world one little pocket monster at a time.
But see, now it's actually like what a game from this year should look like, right?
Okay, now that actually does look kind of fun, except I don't have a 3DS.
And...
However, the Pokémon all look retarded.
Okay, that's Chespin. He looks cute, right?
No.
And look at the battles! The battles look like a freaking Dragon Quest game, or something.
How adorable is Fennekin?
Okay, Fennekin is cute.
See? See? He's like that's sassy.
But only because it looks like Eevee.
Who put a fire fox in this game?
Oh, he's so cute.
And then that is, I don't know, Froakie.
That looks disgusting.
What's that shit on its nose?
Are those glasses?
No, it's big snot bubbles.
That's what it is, he's blowing snot on whatever that raccoon thing is.
And then Psyduck.
Psyduck is like the big joke of the series.
No, that's Psyduck.
Psy.
So, tell me, here's the little, like, uber Pokémon at the end, or whatever.
Is his name Boner?
Ryze giving me the commentary.
No, Rob, that one's Y.
That one's X.
You studied this trailer, you did your homework, right?
And the secret one is Boner.
I actually haven't, just saw somebody post it on my Facebook.
What's up with that peacock deer? That was really weird.
I will probably give these...
So doesn't that, like, didn't that...
Like, yeah, you go, okay, new Pokémon game, yeah, whoopty shit, I've seen this before.
But then you look at that trailer and you go, they finally fuckin' changed it.
I can do this, this looks good.
I will give this game a shot again.
Welcome to 2013, Nintendo.
The same argument I made for Diamond and Pearl for the DS, I think the 3DS.
And I hope Nintendo's giving a shit about online and modern technology
and the things that they're actually continuing to build into their new systems.
I'll give this a shot.
Does that mean you'll play it for two hours this time?
No, two and a half.
Two and a half.
Okay.
It's an improvement, dammit.
ActDeft in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com
dares to challenge Jamie, saying Magikarp is the big joke of the series.
Magikarp is...
What I said.
Psyduck was more the joke in the cartoons.
That's what, whatever, I don't care, it's Pokémon.
GameGuru, bringing logic into this argument, saying,
well, Pokémon had to update to polygons to support 3D, so they couldn't use sprites anymore.
GameGuru, you haven't played those NES classics.
They'll...
Where they just put the different, like, sprite layers on different 3D planes.
Like, they could have done cheap-ass 3D if they wanted to.
But I'm glad they didn't.
They're finally doing the right thing.
All right, let's move on with more news.
Loki.
All right, so there is a neat little piece of technology that they showed off at...
I don't know if it was at CES, or it was just something that they showed off during CES,
but it is this brand-new thing called the Microsoft IllumiRoom.
And what the IllumiRoom demo was is basically this...
Kind of a combination of a projector and Kinect built in so that it senses the geometry of your room
and then extends your gameplay field beyond the TV.
And it could be supplemental stuff like, you know, they'll have...
You'll be racing in a game or something like that,
and the lighting effects from, like, cars driving by at night or something like that
cast shadows on stuff that's in your room.
Or, you know, snow when you're walking through snow.
Or, you know, even, like, geometry for first-person shooters and that kind of thing.
Now, what's interesting about this is this is something we talked about before.
Not necessarily the IllumiRoom thing, but the kind of loss of hinting at it.
Like, for example, there's the whole patent back in September that, you know, kind of showed us this thing anyways,
saying that, you know, they have a patent to use, I guess, some sort of 3D glasses with this
and even maybe, you know, the Kinect and stuff like that.
I don't think necessarily that this is going to work with the Kinect
because the way the projector works on this...
And this is similar to what they had in their Microsoft Home of the Future display,
which I think is on their campus.
And this is what I've kind of alluded to before,
where they showed off these different displays that are built into...
Not necessarily built into the walls, but they are projected onto the walls.
So they have, like, for example, this, like, kids' room that will have this...
Fictional teenage girls, you know, favorite bands.
You know, the posters on the wall are all dynamic.
You know, it's showing her bands and stuff.
And then, like, say, oh, Grandma's coming over today and they're going to stay in your room.
And then the whole motif just changes completely to, you know, whoever's using it.
Like, they have a window that shows, you know, her dog at home on a security camera or something like that.
So, basically, in this...
And they also have some projects that they've done with augmentive projectors,
where you can actually use your shadows to control stuff like Kinect,
where, you know, you have, you know, particles that you're moving your hand
and your shadow's, like, picking them up and you can actually pick stuff up with your fingers,
which is kind of neat.
So I see that kind of stuff happening.
Now, whether is this going to be included in the next Xbox?
I think, if anything, this will be an accessory for the next Xbox.
I don't think this is something that they can just throw in there because the setup is quite extensive.
I mean, you're going to need the system, your TV, and you're going to mount a projector to your ceiling somehow,
or multiple projectors.
So it'll be a little interesting how they do that.
But pretty cool tech demo that they show there.
Pretty cool and pretty non-existent in the end.
Yeah, it's one of those things where I'm like, is this snake oil?
Like, the video is pretty impressive, the video that's floating around out there.
Yeah, well, it's a neat concept.
It's not, I mean, I wouldn't say it's snake oil, but they have, you know, a working prototype,
like, even if they show this, you know, Home of the Future type thing, this Microsoft thing.
Well, what about, I don't live in the Home of the Future, Loki.
They have a working prototype in a 100% Taylor setup.
I live in the Home of the Poor People Past.
I'm wondering, though, I'm wondering just basically how much this would cost,
because projectors aren't cheap.
And so, I mean, this would be cool technology if this is something that they launch with the system,
that you're immersed in your whole room.
I mean, that would be pretty cool.
Projectors can come at all sorts of levels.
Like, yes, a high quality projector isn't cheap,
but you can get a little thing that projects shadow puppets on the wall for your kids when they sleep for 20 bucks.
So, I mean, what is the level of projection technology in this thing?
It's somewhere in the middle, probably.
But I don't think it's going to be built into the next Xbox. I'm with you.
I think it's some type of accessory.
Well, they were even talking about, like, the tracking and stuff, better 3D modeling and capture and stuff.
Like, one of the things they said with the Kinect that they were going to change is that they're going to have,
instead of having that IR field just in one spot, it's going to sweep the room,
so that you get a better idea of the geometry of the room, which is kind of cool.
And this is one of their other projects, their Kinect Track project, that they were going to...
They said the six degrees of freedom, or a six DOF tracker,
which allows real-time, low-cost pose estimation using our only commodity hardware.
And, I don't know, it sounds interesting, but we'll see how they implement this.
I mean, like I said, it looked pretty exciting, that whole, like, Home of the Future thing and how they have...
Because a lot of it was that they have some other technology that they call, like, Lightbox or something like that.
Basically, a lot of these displays that are projected from, you know, the ceiling and stuff like that.
So, like, oh, I'm going to put this thing on the charger,
and you see, like, a little HUD kind of appear next to whatever your device is,
giving you information and the texture, you know, touching the surfaces and stuff.
It's basically putting the display for your computer on any object or wall or whatever.
So, it could be cool, and that would be also kind of neat if you think about it.
Like, imagine, you know, playing, like, Forza or something like that,
and then you have all, you know, you could have maps and all sorts of HUD equipment, you know, outside of the TV.
But that time, though, if you're going to have all that stuff outside of the screen,
you might as well just use the projector as your display in the first place.
Raginator in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com asks,
Now the question is, how many steps away from Star Trek's holodeck is this projector?
We're getting closer. Now it's making the whole room show imagery. It's closer.
They have technology that's in another one of their videos,
because they have this whole research thing that they do a bunch of, like, future tech stuff.
They have a 3D display that is pretty interesting. It can be viewed from 360 degrees.
So, you can't touch it yet, but we're getting there.
We're getting there.
We're getting there.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, swim.
Alright, well, moving on for time issues. This sounds awesome. I'm looking forward to more information on it.
I hope it's something that actually works, because the concept sounds great and could really enhance gaming.
Moving on, though, you know, a story that we've really kept an eye on,
and everybody has in the game industry this week, is the fallout from the tragedy last month in Connecticut.
And I'm sure you guys all heard in the news about the gaming companies that were actually meeting with Joe Biden this week.
There was even some controversy around that. Should they even be meeting with Joe Biden?
Because is meeting with him admitting that they are part of the problem?
Well, here's the reality, guys. I mean, no matter where you stand on that issue,
a survey company named Survey USA actually polled a bunch of parents.
I don't know exactly what the qualifications were for this survey, but I guess it was all 50 states in the US, January 4th and 5th,
just over 1,000 parents who have children under the age of 18 living at home.
89% of parents believe that violence in today's video games is a problem.
75% believe that violence in video games contributes to violent behavior. 75%.
3 out of 4. That is a line that transcends Democrat and Republican, and any of that.
That is a vast majority. That's the reality. 75% of parents believe that violence in video games contributes to violent behavior.
Now, what I would be curious to know is, does that mean that they take an active role in what their kids should and should not play?
I wonder if the survey went to that.
Well, here's an example, and I know way too many. I'm not saying that any parent in this room does this,
because I know you probably don't, really.
There are some people who I know who have kids who really just let their kids sit unregulated and watch whatever they want to
and play whatever they want to, and aren't even in the same room when they're playing a game.
And of course, I don't think that it's a matter necessarily of the game or the show that's being influenced.
It's a matter of neglect being the influence, because the kid's going to act out when they're not getting the attention they need.
Let me run down some of the other stats, because Jamie, I'm really curious what you think about some of this.
93% of parents, damn near all parents, nationwide say lack of supervision for children contributes to violence.
Agreed.
92% of parents nationwide say bullying contributes to violence.
Very much agreed.
86% of parents nationwide say crime in day-to-day life contributes.
That depends.
See, yes, because the news shows it is where I'm going with that.
See, my point is that it's media is the contributor.
How many people think that that horrible gunman, and I won't say his name,
how many people think that that horrible gunman did what he did so that he could go out with all the publicity?
Because if he wanted to end it all, he could have done it in a different way.
But he did it in a way that was meant to get attention.
I think he did it because his mother works there.
I mean, I can't clearly put myself in that kind of mindset because I'm not a psychopath or sociopath,
but he went to the school that his mother taught at and shot her students and then her.
So that seems more of a big revenge thing.
Just because I want to spare you the males.
Technically, the mother was killed, then he went to the school.
Okay. But I think it's related.
It's like, oh, she's gone, let's fuck up everything that meant something to her, and then we're done.
I don't want to talk about him anymore.
But my point is I don't know how much of the media might have had something to do with that,
other than it gave it to him as an option.
77% of parents nationwide say violence in TV and movies contributes.
So, interesting enough, I mean, to be fair, as much as we're sitting here going,
oh my gosh, 75%, that is 2% lower than the number of parents who say TV and movies contributes.
So, at least everybody's getting blamed equally, I guess.
64% say violent toys contribute.
Here's what surprised me.
75%, we already established, believe that violence in video games contributes.
Guess what got the exact same percentage?
Also at 75%, exact same, easy access to guns contributes to violence.
Yeah.
But on the exact same level as video games?
Well, again, video games are the scapegoat.
We have tons of research, psychiatric data, and statistics that show video games are not the responsible thing.
I think when you put a combination of preexisting mental conditions,
when you throw in easy access to weaponry, and when you throw in a few other external factors,
like, for example, the guy here in California who was bullied,
and he shot one of his bullies and got talked out of it, that's definitely a contributing factor.
I need to get this out there because the chat room is lighting up on this.
And again, we don't want the podcast listeners sitting there going,
I'm going to write an email because they're wrong.
Folks in chat all over the place saying that it was not, she didn't work at the school.
The media reported that, but the media fucked up a lot of the information at first.
Okay, fine.
But I think there was some type of connection between him and the school,
whether it was that he went there or something, I don't know.
But anyway, you know.
Regardless, I think that maybe you might not have gotten the idea if it hadn't been something so publicized, you know.
He's sick. We can all agree on that. Very, very, very sick.
Apparently, those surveyed were shown a video for Hitman Absolution.
84% said that advertisement was inappropriate to show on TV at a time when children are watching.
Well, I'd actually kind of agree with that. You don't show a commercial like that during, you know, the Smurfs.
Not shown during the time when they were watching TV.
Yeah, that's true. That's right. They're not shown.
Once again, though.
Unless parents let their kids watch South Park unattended, which is an M-rated show.
Once again, though, I think, though, that a lot of this is just you're asking someone's opinion on this doesn't mean that they're right.
And doesn't mean they're educated on that stuff, too.
I mean, you know, they're all, I think, violence. I think violence in video games, you know, is what's causing these people to be violent or whatever.
Well, you can think that. Just like you can think that, you know, because this person doesn't believe in a certain, you know, godly entity that they're violent.
Or, you know, because this person is a homosexual, they're violent. Or because this person is a certain race, they're violent.
You know, you can think all these things, but it doesn't necessarily mean that any of this is correct.
So, I mean, I don't know. I just, once again, we're just probably going to see more legislature with, you know, video games because everyone's believing now that video games are violent because the media told them.
And oddly enough, you know, they question all this other stuff, but they don't question media, which makes no sense whatsoever. But fine.
Let me close with this comment, and then I want to move on from SSJ100, Matt.
People look for answers to understand tragedy. They want a finger to point at because the fact of the matter is people are terrified of the fact that people could do something so horrible for no reason than just because.
I guess it's scapegoat.
Uh, one other story as a follow-up to this. And, you know, when this all first happened, I said, watch out because an angry mob is coming.
Guess what happened this week?
Massachusetts, the state, pulled video games out of state-operated rest stops. Not all video games, but light gun games.
Time crisis. Removed. Lethal enforcers. Gone.
House of the Dead.
I don't know if anybody had House of the Dead in the first place.
But Lethal Enforcers first, really?
Time crisis and Beachhead 2000 was another one. Beachhead 2000.
That's not a light gun game.
What a pretentious fucking game Beachhead 2000 was in many ways. Let's be real. But still, apparently...
Too hot for Massachusetts.
Which version of Beachhead 2000?
The one with that giant helmet.
Remember they also had the one where, at Golf Land, they had the one where you can actually sit inside the thing that's moving around?
Oh, the Sudoji or whatever that thing was called? The Sumo.
Sumo. Sumo. That was it.
Yeah. Was it the Sumo version?
Nah, I doubt it. I doubt it.
Fine. You know what? Yeah. Cool. That's your prerogative. You can do whatever the hell you want.
Because, you know what? It's your arcade. You can make those decisions.
I don't even know why it was a news story. Other than, oh, this happened, so let's make it into a story.
But, like, seriously, if you don't like fighting games, if people are bullying each other and you take fighting games out of your arcade, that's your own choice.
Did they replace it with non-violent ticket games? Because I'd like to know if that actually happened.
The games that remained. Ms. Pac-Man, Galaga, and Cruis'n Exotica at one point. Like, Cruis'n World. It's not a porn game. It's like the Cruis'n race games. Remember that?
Cruis'n Exotica. I mean, that's very violent. Can't you hit things? I mean, remember, Cruis'n USA, you can, like, explode here.
And you can drive a school bus irresponsibly.
Can drive over 100 miles an hour, which doesn't happen in the States, except on race tracks.
Richard Davey, the State Secretary of Transportation in Massachusetts. Here's a quote.
Bottom line is, I think there isn't a person who doesn't believe that there isn't too much violence in our society, and games can glorify that.
A video game in a public space could be used by anybody of any age.
I think there isn't a person who doesn't believe that there isn't too much violence in our society, and games can glorify that.
There is not one person who disagrees, apparently.
My brain can't parse the first half of that sentence. It's like a triple negative to make the point.
Listen to this quote carefully one more time. Third time's the charm.
Bottom line is, I think there isn't a person who doesn't believe that there isn't too much violence in our society, and games can glorify that.
It's a positive, because it's pretty negative.
A person does not exist who doesn't believe that there isn't too much violence.
So, I think it should be that, and he doesn't think that those people don't exist.
So, if I were going to rephrase that, I think what he intends is, I think most people believe there's too much violence in our society.
Wouldn't that have been easier?
By the way, I don't think there's enough violence.
He would have learned better grammar if he, you know, wasn't playing those violent video games.
They're the blame.
Not playing violent video games leads to bad grammar.
I want to make the most bloody grammar game ever. That'd be awesome.
I don't know. Bloody...
I can't think of a...
Hunt Peck Mame, the game.
According to Jason in our chatroom, Jason, you're talking in our chatroom, apparently that quote was, quote-ception.
Negative-ception. I have no idea. It just hurt my head to try to deal with.
There isn't a person who doesn't believe that there isn't too much violence.
We get it! We get it!
Alright, let's move on. More news.
Dark Sakura, one more story and then the release dates.
DONG!
UK University is trying to use the Kinect to see if it will help stroke victims.
I couldn't res- I'll put it away. I'll put it away. I will put it away.
I'm gonna take that gong and shove it so far up your ass.
I don't know, this is kind of payback for all the vuvuzelas up there.
That is true. She was pretty terrible with that, wasn't she?
I'm gonna shove that gong so far up your ass that you burp brass.
Technically, I don't think it's a gong. Wait a minute, wait a minute.
So you're gonna put brass in my ass to give me brassy gas?
Alright, seriously, read the fucking story. I'm gonna walk away.
I would much rather have dubstep bird.
Can we remix those together?
You have to add a reverb in it to make it go-
They need to have a bird that does the Inception sound.
If you think about it, if you think about it, it probably exists on the internet somewhere.
Inception bird?
No, dubstep Inception HD here.
That actually hurts.
And I'm not meaning that in an exaggerating kind of way, it actually hurts.
Alright, just please read the story.
Nottingham Trent University has been awarded a 347,000 pound grant to build a prototype that will use Kinect for feedback to patients and to their doctors.
These are for stroke victims. They're wanting to use the system to detect and track asymmetries on the patient's face.
That means mouth, eyes, cheeks, like for facial exercises.
I think it's for people who end up with ticks after strokes or being paralyzed.
And this is actually being headed, looks like, by Dr. Philip Breeden, who is basically saying that the system is going to use those exercises and see how successful they are with that feedback provided by the Kinect system.
So, pretty good.
I'm glad to hear a story about gaming things and things that were done for gaming doing good after those past couple stories we had.
Agreed. And I mean, you really have to think about it.
Like, for example, they had all those PlayStations put together to calculate, you know, cures.
They had, you know, now this technology with Kinect, they've got lots of cognitive therapy exercises that are being done with video games.
And I think that there's too much negative focus being put on a lot of.
They need to have more stuff like this go out in public. People go,
Wouldn't that be nice?
But people are looking for their scapegoat and they don't want to see anything good come out of it, so fuck them.
Quick side story about the Kinect.
Went to a New Year's party. Couple friends of mine that have a little band, little two-piece keyboard chiptune off of Game Boy and live drum segments.
A pretty good show. Just a tiny little house party for New Year's.
And one of their friends created this very quick little visualization demo that uses the Kinect to, you know, it uses the 3D, the point field,
all of the features of the Kinect to create this reactive visualization.
He implemented the ability to take the object and manipulate it in 3D space as far as the output is concerned.
And then obviously you have control of the Kinect's tilt and how much of the space it actually, it will actually display.
For all of the grief that I've given Kinect, as far as what it's capable of doing and representing, it's actually really good.
This kind of thing, I wouldn't think that it'd be applicable to the granularity of a face, but from the right distance, why not?
I really enjoy hearing about these applications that are practical and promising at the same time.
Well, we've heard about Kinect being used by doctors. I mean, maybe not like hooked up to an Xbox or anything, but like, you know, that technology in PCs, you know, pretty awesome.
All right, let's move on. Travel around the world and check out maybe some more affordable video games coming to a store near you. We'll start in the U.S., Loki.
This week is Devil May Cry on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Woo!
That's it.
First big release of the New Year, though, right?
Hey, Anarchy Reigns came out last week.
Oh, yeah, I forgot about that. That's right, that's right. Shame on me.
I've been told I need to play that.
The game with potentially Bayonetta if you bought it from GameStop.
Really?
Yeah, only from GameStop.
Oh, how nice.
Thank you, Sega! Fuck you and your goddamn GameStop shit. You're going the route of Nintendo now.
All right, let's go to the Xbox 360 releases in Japan.
Japan also gets Devil May Cry this week, kind of one of those rare multi-regions in the same week.
Also, a game called Heavy Fire Shattered Spear makes its way to Japan this week. Both those games out on the 17th.
Coming out on the PlayStation 3, of course, as you can expect, Devil May Cry is out there as well.
Dream Seat Club Zero, special... it's not edition, they have EDP on or something. They do a little stylization, I think, when that comes out this week on the PS3.
Blade Storm, the Hundred Years War gets a price reduction. Little Big Planet Karting hadn't come out in Japan until now.
It's finally coming out this week. With that comes the Move Racing Wheel.
And some games moving into the best series, including Sengoku Musou 3, Empires.
Because, you know, they love their Dynasty Warriors.
On the Vita this week, WRC 3, Fia World Rally Championship is the lone release this week on the PlayStation Vita.
On the Wii U, nothing until January 31st. It's pretty dry over there with new releases, just like it is here.
Nothing on the 3DS either, so Nintendo's really slowed down this time of year, but same story over here, I guess.
How about the UK, Dark Sakura?
Well, I would tell you if the site was actually loading.
Oh, wow.
Come on, you butt-head.
Yes, I said butt-head. I called a website a butt-head.
I think I got it here. What's this?
No, no, no, it loaded.
On the 15th we have Devil May Cry on the 16th Retro City Rampage.
And, yeah, that's it.
Slim pickins no matter where you live, but it's gonna take a month for things to really ramp up again.
Devil May Cry is still a pretty big deal, so there you go.
Alright, just a couple more news stories for you guys in the Classic Game of the Week. Loki.
So, indie game developers are saying positive things about the Wii U eShop
as opposed to what they were saying with the WiiWare service.
Apparently, Gaijin Games, Mike Rouse and Alex Neuse were saying that
we don't know for sure, but it felt like it wasn't taken seriously by Nintendo.
The desire for gamers to buy stuff digitally, and they're talking about, of course, the WiiWare service.
However, they're saying literally everything was easier this time around on the eShop.
What's more friendly right out of the starting gate is the Wii U is developed for people to have an eShop
to spend their money in and buy games easily.
So, I don't know. I mean, cool that they're doing some more stuff.
I mean, I don't know how this compares to, say, other platforms,
but at least they're doing better than they were before.
I mean, that's like, I don't know, maybe going to the dollar store instead of Kmart.
I mean, I don't know if that's, you know, oh, well, it's not as crappy as Kmart,
but it's still pretty crappy, but it's not as crappy.
So, I don't know how it really compares.
I'm still encouraged by some of these early things I'm hearing about the Wii U eShop
and that maybe we're going to see some really cool things on it.
I don't know. Do these indie developers get some preview codes
so they can get them sent out for reviews, unlike the Xbox indie games?
Maybe. I don't know. I don't get those types of reviews, so I don't know.
But I can tell you, I'm looking forward to the Zen pinballs coming out on the Wii U,
and that looks to be really cool, because they've got a Plants vs. Zombies table.
That would be neat.
Anyhow, speaking of Nintendo, one of the big stories from last year
was that Nintendo Power shut down after all these years.
Well, the spirit of sorts lives on with Nintendo Force Magazine.
It is a new product from a group of Nintendo-focused journalists and artists.
Don't read into that that it was like the old Nintendo Power team,
because that's not the case.
It's other types of journalists and fans from around the Internet.
They have released Nintendo Force Magazine.
Here's the thing, though. It's not your typical magazine.
It is one that you can get in PDF form for $5, or you can get a collectible print for $18.
I'm assuming, I'm left to assume, maybe Dark Soccer knows more about this stuff than I do,
but I'm left to assume that probably because there isn't a huge demand for this,
like it's not an international magazine or whatever, it's something that's more homegrown,
to kind of print these in a much smaller supply probably costs a little more money,
and that's why it's going to cost you $18 to get an actual printed copy version of this.
In the first issue, though, Fire Emblem Awakening and Mutant Mudds Deluxe,
which is apparently a thing on 3DS or Wii U coming soon.
So there you go.
All right, let's travel to a simpler time in games.
Let's go back to a time when, like, Nintendo Power was still around.
It's the classic game of the week where Dark Soccer is going to step into the gaming vault,
and she's going to find a game that she thinks, hey, you ungrateful brats, put down your Wii Us.
And mow my lawn.
Mow my lawn, and then maybe I'll let you play this game.
Maybe you'll go get a phosphate.
This game isn't super old, but believe it or not, it's getting old.
Yeah, that's why I picked it.
What is the classic game of the week, Dark Cyra?
Silent Hill 3.
Because I've done Silent Hill 2, but I haven't done my favorite, so now I'm doing my favorite.
Um, yeah, I picked the perfect thing to start off with, didn't I?
At least it wasn't bong.
At any rate, Silent Hill 3 was done by Konami.
We all know this.
Developed by Team Silent.
And it came out in May 2003.
Now that it's, well, not quite ten years old, but getting up to ten years old,
so, um, I can do it.
There was also a port to Windows done that I heard was absolutely wretched and haven't played yet.
And then a high def version that came out in 2012, but it's shit.
So it's 17 years after the original Silent Hill.
Um, and basically he's raising Heather, who really isn't named Heather,
but she's going by that name, and she's got an interesting haircut and dyes her hair blonde.
She also does very interesting coordination with her jacket.
So in this one, like other Silent Hill games, there are different aspects to the game.
There is combat, you have exploration, and you have puzzle solving.
You know, as in little riddles to solve as you go through the game.
And of course picking up maps and bonuses for doing certain things in the game the right way.
You, um, can change the difficulty of your puzzles.
Um, they're pretty, pretty difficult though, some of them can be.
And like even the really hard puzzle in that one requires that you know quite a bit of Shakespeare to solve.
You also get unlockable weapons and costume, which my favorite is the magical girl costume,
where she does Heather beam, or as I say, has a beam, because even in the American version,
she still, she has a very thick Japanese accent for just that attack.
So you start off in the game at the mall, and then Claudia finds out she's being stalked by a guy in a trench coat.
And then she goes and finds her dad.
I won't say what he's like, because if you haven't played it by now, he's dead.
And then she goes into Silent Hill. Yay!
And there's like this whole plot to Rebirth of God.
It has a lot to do, like I said, it's technically the sequel to the first Silent Hill.
It continues that story.
It has very, very interesting creatures in that game too.
And there's also a dude named Vincent, who isn't as cool as Vincent Valentine, but I won't go there.
So like I said, there's three endings. You have the normal ending.
You have a possessed ending and the revenge ending, which the revenge ending is actually the UFO ending.
That has the best Silent Hill song ever, Silent Hill no Uta.
Silent Hill, Silent Hill, anyway.
I know I've done it as a fortune cookie before, but I'm not doing it tonight.
So yeah, Silent Hill 3 is seriously my favorite of the Silent Hill games, because I love how much work went into it.
There's actually a full documentary on the making of this game that you can find on YouTube.
Where they went all out for the voice acting.
They went all out for face models for the rendering of the animations.
It was really, really well done.
And then there's also another note that it was influenced by Jacob's Ladder.
Lots of different facets from that and other horror stories were incorporated into the game as influences.
Like I was talking about the face models, they actually were drawn from references to real life actors and actresses so that they would look realistic.
The original name for Heather was actually Helen, but she was renamed Heather for her voice actress.
And she was modeled after a French actress, actually a couple of them, after Charlotte Gainsborough.
And another one that's actually very familiar to us, Vanessa Paradis, who was married to Johnny Depp for a while.
And did a very, very, actually a few really good songs.
So yeah, there was also now that Silent Hill Revelation 3D, which we were supposed to go see and never did, was based off of Silent Hill 3.
There's always Blu-Ray.
Yeah, the Blu-Ray's gotta be out really soon.
I'm totally getting it. So yeah, there you go. Silent Hill 3.
And the source game for one of my favorite songs in DDR Extreme US.
Oh, the...
You're Not Here.
Yeah, I'm like, I can sing it, I don't know the name.
It was really good, the video and everything else, really good chart.
That was one of the better things to come out of Extreme US.
Not that that was a bad game, all things considered.
Minus the crappy disc wheel. It was a really, really good game.
There is your classic game of the week.
And classic DDR reference of the week.
Yes, exactly. We have DDR references coming up in part B tonight.
So don't go anywhere. We've got more Orange Lounge Radio to come, including apparently a DDR reference.
Fugu question of the week, rapid fire news, your emails and your phone calls.
All when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live with episode number 489 of our show for this January the 13th of 2013.
Myself, Loki and DarkSakura are joined in studio tonight with Jason and Rai, who are visiting Colorado as they have been.
And Jason, of course, I always like to acknowledge that without Jason, we wouldn't have an OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
So thank you to Jason for all the work he does with that.
During the break, usually we don't talk about the break music because we can't play it due to copyright reasons.
But I've got to give a plug to this guy so the podcasters can sneak him out too.
Because that remix that we played was great.
So please give this guy a plug here where everybody can hear it.
Aethernaut's original works are on Bandcamp.
Aethernaut.bandcamp.com.
Same username on Soundcloud.
That remix is one since it's obviously not his originally.
You can get that on Soundcloud.
Soundcloud.com slash Aethernaut.
Let me, for the sake of the podcasters, let me play just a clip here.
Because I can do clips.
Let me play a clip of his remix of the moon during the break that I was like, wow, this guy is like really cool.
So what's that website again, the Bandcamp site, right?
His Bandcamp is Aethernaut.bandcamp.com.
This song in particular, Soundcloud.com slash Aethernaut.
A-E-T-H-E-R-N-A-U-T.
Correct.
Nice stuff.
Good times. Good pick.
I should let you pick the break music every week.
Woo!
Alright, or was that, or was that, who discovered Aethernaut, was that right?
It was basically mutual.
That's the right answer.
We went to a Chiptune showcase, we were both there, and we were both like, fuck yeah, dude.
Alright, very good.
And it was mine that I was playing while we were doing stuff before the show over here.
Yeah, she was the one that actually had music running.
She got it introduced to me.
Yes.
Alright.
She'll get credit for that one.
You guys have good taste.
Alright, let's move on.
Rapid Fire news time.
Some quick news stories, starting off with Loki.
Alright, so this is kind of cool.
They have this, they have this, they have this, they have this.
They have this mod for Minecraft, and it allows someone to actually connect multiple worlds together.
Now, they have this before where you can create multiple kind of worlds in Minecraft, but this is actually unifying servers.
And the guy that developed this, was it, I guess it's the MD5 proxy system, which is now called Bungee Cord, if you look for it on the bucket.
Basically, he has it set up now.
He's got a server with a lobby that allows, you know, like 2,000 people in there.
And instead of, you know, searching for Minecraft servers and stuff that might be full, you go in this lobby and you pick a server out of there.
And you get all the information.
So it's almost like an MMO now where you can hop in and out of these servers and go, like, with your friends.
Like, say, hey, you know, I'm going to go build on the VoG Minecraft server right now, and then let's hop out.
We're going to go to a server that's running, like, the Hunger Games minigame stuff.
Or, hey, I want to run to a server that's doing, like, you know, survival or something like that instead of creative.
And you can do that, which is pretty awesome.
So it's out there.
Not something I'm going to run on the Minecraft or our Minecraft server because we have enough trouble filling up one server, let alone multiple servers.
And our server is whitelist only, which is important.
But I think that makes it very attractive to play on because you don't get griefers.
Because if any of our listeners turn into griefers, I will beat you.
And also I log, you know, it's logging whatever you do.
So we will find you.
I dig holes.
Don't be afraid to have fun.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, you know, I have rules listed.
Come on.
It's just like I'll let you do whatever as long as you don't fuck up someone else's shit.
You know, just do I have a sign now in my little I don't even know where you are, so I haven't added yet.
So I live in a prairie dog town.
Well, once I find you, I'll add you or I'll show you how to do it.
I'll put nasty notes in front of your house.
My house is underground.
Which means you'll have to log in and finish your house.
Well, I can make it snow in her house.
No, because my house is underground.
My house is covered.
My doors are covered in glass.
Can I can I get lava to flow through her house?
Oh, that's griefing.
You can make it snow in her house, actually.
Ah, there we go.
No snow in my house.
We're not going to.
My house is going to be constantly evolving, which is why I'm building it underground.
All right. So that's kind of cool.
And then Sony is actually kind of following the footsteps of Microsoft,
and they're going to have a web based store for the Sony Entertainment Network.
So you can actually buy stuff and, you know, download it.
They're working on automatic downloading to go with that.
But it's kind of cool that they're doing that.
So you can browse.
Welcome to 2007 Sony.
About fucking time.
I mean, I guess I guess they had to scrap all their plans when they rebuilt the whole fucking PSN a few years ago.
But Jesus.
And then finally, there's another bundle that you might be interested in.
This is called the free bundle.
And basically, regardless of what you might want to pay for this bundle, it's free.
And you can pick up five games from the free bundle dot com.
And these games are Nitronic Rush, which is a cool survival driving game.
A Bobo's Big Adventure.
Yes, that's right. A Bobo from...
Downloaded it.
Yes, from Double Dragon.
And also, let's see, Ascension.
It's a side scroller horror game, a celestial mechanical.
And see, that's, I guess, has some animation done by Super Crate Box, his Paul Veer.
And then I'm Scared, which they say is a self professed Minecraft meets Slender game.
I was looking at it. I didn't want it.
But they're all free for a limited amount of time.
Were you scared?
No, I was apathetic.
So the free bundle, in case, you know, the humble bundle is too expensive for you.
You know what the free bundle needs more of?
Because this game's free?
Frog Fractions. Just saying.
Alright.
And look, they added another game to the free bundle.
Now they have Treasure Adventure Island.
Or Treasure Venture Game.
So, that's cool.
Go download it for free.
And it's up for another 32 days.
Alright, well if you like to let video game consoles have an influence on your car buying purchases, then maybe this car is for you.
It's an official Xbox 360 car from Volkswagen.
That's right.
Oh, it's only available in Mexico, however.
Act EFT. There you go, buddy.
Buy it, send pictures, please.
Well, there's a little picture here. I mean, this is more of a render, but it actually has like the little Xbox stripe along the bottom and it's like that green color or what have you.
If you buy this, by the way, should you buy the Volkswagen Xbox 360, you get an Xbox 360 with a copy of Forza 4. What a deal.
Wow, Forza from like, not 2012, but from the year before that.
Which I think is like a packing game now in some of their systems.
Earlier, somebody brought up Bayonetta, probably because you were talking about the anarchy reigns.
But Bayonetta, a lot of demand for Bayonetta to show up on the Wii U eShop because of the fact that Bayonetta 2 is going to turn up on Wii U.
And people aren't necessarily going to be familiar with it unless they had a 360 or a Playstation 3 and played through that.
So, Platinum Games Designer Hideki Kamiya was asked on Twitter, will the original Bayonetta come to Wii U?
And the response, it's up to Sega or Ninty, which is Twitter speak for Nintendo.
So, apparently it is completely up to Sega and Nintendo if that's going to happen or not.
So, no pressure, make it happen.
Not going to happen.
Not going to happen, I agree.
One more story, I had a few friends that were talking about this and I thought this sounded really cool.
And I watched a little bit of it, but not as much as like Flaco Jones and some other people I know that listen to this show.
It was the third annual Awesome Games Done Quick Marathon raised more than $327,000 raised during this marathon.
I didn't see, what, did I miss, what charity did that go for?
I want to know, that's the most important part. Oh, Prevent Cancer Foundation. Oh, that's a very worthy cause, good job.
They played through more than 120 titles, everything from Skyrim to Echo the Dolphin.
Good times.
The viewers were also able to bid on items, make donations and leave comments that could have possibly been read on air.
Lots of good stuff that they played through and they did them quickly.
It's not just a clever name.
Yoshi's Island in almost 100% in like three hours.
They, they did, I mean, they did games that don't take necessarily that long to beat.
Like, um, I don't know, Mario 64, cause you could run through that without getting all the stars.
Although I don't know if they did 100% completion or whatever.
And then they did Final Fantasy 9. Good lord.
How do you do an RPG quick? I missed that one. I should try to find out.
More A-mashing.
Alright, moving on.
My laptop just died actually officially.
Oh.
Hold on, I got it to reboot.
Good times.
Yeah, it completely, uh, Linux doesn't blue screen, it black screens.
Alrighty then, maybe I should go to the FUGL question and we'll come back?
Maybe.
Alright, let's go to the FUGL question.
Put Facebook and Google together and you get FUGL.
And that's the inspiration for this segment of our show where we ask a question of our listeners on Facebook and Google Plus fan communities.
And we read some of our favorite answers here on the air.
Here's the question this week.
There's been a lot of talk the past couple weeks about the potential and speculative emphasis on that negative influence that video games have on society.
But let's take a moment to talk about the good.
What are some of the good things that video games have done for you in your life?
I wanted to offset all this negativity going around this week about, you know, violent video games.
I want to hear the good stuff.
Let's give the media this to report on.
They won't.
On Google Plus, some of the good things that video games have done for you.
Act deft.
I'll summarize my answer in one word.
Inspire.
Flaco Jones says, my wife and I had video games in common at the early stages of our relationship, and they continue to be a positive thing we bond over to this day.
That's really cute.
Thank you.
You're a month early, Flaco.
And even even Alan and I do that.
Like we leveled characters together and wow.
All right.
We met over DDR.
Me and Ryan met over DDR.
But yet in Loki's relationship, that doesn't end up being the case, really.
No, not at all.
It just goes to show you everybody's a little bit different.
All right.
For you, the good things that video games did is it gives you an excuse to get away from your wife for a couple hours every week.
I'm just kidding.
I'm kidding.
I love Nellie.
She knows that.
All right.
I can't get away from her.
She's always watching.
She's probably listening right now.
All right.
No, she's not.
No, come on.
I don't understand.
It's so nerdy.
You're a nerd, Matt.
All right.
Redertainment says video games fill a role in my life that other people fill with movies, TV, books, music, et cetera.
Video games ever entertain me.
Video games also save me money.
Think about how much entertainment you get per dollar with a 40 hour long video game as opposed to a two to four hour long movie.
That's a very good answer.
And then think of a book and weep.
All right.
All right.
I love this answer in our chat room.
Bobby Black Wolf in our chat.
Video games let me meet all you wonderful people as well as act deft.
Ouch.
Ouch.
Going to Facebook.
I've got my stuff up, by the way.
Okay.
Well, let me do Facebook and then we'll go back to Rapid Fire News.
That's live radio, kids.
Sometimes you have to mix it up a bit.
Facebook Code Man says to be honest, video games keep me balanced.
I use video games as a distressing mechanism.
When I have a long day, I think that's de-stressing.
De-stressing, yeah.
It's not distressing.
I'll blame autocorrect for that.
It is via mobile, so it was probably autocorrect.
When I have a long day at work and get home, I first greet my family and spend time with them.
But if it's a crazy stressful day, I play video games a bit to de-stress.
It's the same as a person who reads a book or watches their favorite shows.
It calms them down and brings them to a better level.
AZHP responds and says, video games introduced me to pretty much all the friends I have now in one way or another.
When I decided to start playing DDR, I could have never have guessed that it would lead to me meeting a group of like-minded people
who accepted me for who I am and created lifelong friendships that have lasted for, well, as long as this show has been running.
It's true.
Without video games, I wouldn't have this show.
I probably wouldn't be podcasting.
I don't know.
I like the sound of my voice so much, though, I would have think I would have discovered podcasting through, like, another hobby.
Who knows?
I don't actually like hearing my own voice, so that's why I don't listen to us.
Really?
Yeah, no, it's true.
I think that's why I was so timid, especially last time I was here.
The tough thing, though, about it is that, like, I'm my own worst critic.
Like, I don't hate to hear my own voice, although, but I'll listen to myself and I'll go,
Ugh, you sound so...
You should sound more...
What the hell are we talking about?
No, I'm actually...
But anyway, let's see, more answers.
Wendy S.
I think video games have taught me about the sports whose games I play, FIFA, NBA 2K.
They also keep your mind and reflexes sharp as you grow older.
I honestly believe, due to video games, there will be less dementia among seniors in the future if you assume current gamers will keep playing as they age.
Finally, I wanted to note that I think when teenagers attain positions of responsibility in their guild or clan, it teaches them leadership and responsibility.
That's an interesting way to... I like the angle that, you know, it keeps your certain skills up so that when you get old, you don't lose them.
You know, we see this a lot.
Well, I don't know how much you guys, like, go to old folks' homes, but they do, like, Wii bowling and that stuff is, like, still something they do.
And a lot of that is to, I mean, we might, like, laugh, like, you know, play a better game, old guy.
But it kind of still keeps all that function going.
My grandma's in one of those places and I was looking at the calendar and they had a Wii bowling night every Monday. It was something else.
Alright, um...
I wasn't laughing at you, I was laughing at a comment in chat.
What was the comment that made you laugh? Who said it?
Raginator says, I agree with Rob Roberts. He does love the sound of his own voice.
I'm sexy, damn it.
Not as much as I love Dubstep Bird.
Alright, um...
I closed the window, damn it.
James S. replies and says, I know I've read somewhere lately that there were a few scientific tests done by a university that had proven that gaming actually strengthened your brain in areas that are vital for everyday life.
Anything from basic motor skills to depth perception to decision making.
Games aren't the culprit for these random acts of violence.
Violence has always been there, gaming hasn't.
It's just that some people are sick and need help, simple as that.
You know, that's a really damn good way of looking at it.
Violence has always been there, gaming hasn't.
Although one could argue, you know, chess has been around a long time.
But I get what you're saying. I totally get what you're saying, dude. That's a good point.
Alright, Dartetsuya says, even before you guys started OLR, there was a time?
Even before you guys started OLR, I met you guys via the epic music game Parties that were thrown back in early 2000.
Not gonna lie, I miss those days.
Playing B-Mania 2DX till the sun came up the next day, good times.
Oh, how many days we had like that, right Jason?
Do you still have a lot of those old games, Dark Sakura?
I have every single Bimani game I've ever purchased.
You know, one of these days for old time's sake, we need to have...
That should be the freaking game marathon.
Have an old school DVR night.
Our pajama party?
All night long.
Our pajama party?
Oh yeah, we're not supposed to talk about that on the air.
Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Put the ixnay on the illo pipe fay.
I didn't say anything about that.
Okay, I know, anyway.
I think we should do a drunk DDR fest.
That'd be awesome.
I've played DDR drunk before and I nearly busted my head open on somebody's clothes washer.
I was actually going through my closet today and I found two unused DDR pads from DDR Universe 1 and Universe 2.
They're still folded up in there.
Why am I not... You're not coming through very loud. I don't know why. That's weird.
Sorry, am I not talking loud?
Now we are.
Anyways, yeah.
I have two DDR pads. I think I sold the game, but I sold the pads that have never been used.
They're still there.
I wonder what else is there.
Oh, I also dug through the closet.
There's a lot more game, like, main cabinet buttons and stuff from when I was going to make all the Bimani controllers and stuff for it.
I have a ton of crap in there. It's ridiculous.
We have a full-size pop-in controller still. We have, I think, four 2DX controllers.
Yeah, it should be two American, two Japanese.
You know, I actually found an official Konami PlayStation dance pad at the thrift store.
I got a DDR story coming up. We can reminisce more, but I want to get to what more listeners said.
Okay, just let me know when I can read my rapid fire.
We'll get to it. I promise.
Okay.
See, all I did is I just switched that with that and we'll just keep going.
Alright, live radio. It's an adventure.
Burr replies and says,
Video games have taught me history, given me an appreciation for music and art, introduced me to friends around the world, and inspired my imagination for almost 30 years now.
What has watching endless cable television news and punditry done for the people on the other side of the table?
Hear, hear.
That was like-
Comedians?
That was the appropriate level of bitchiness that an answer needs.
That's, frame it. Cut, print. That's a great answer.
All these answers are so good tonight.
I'm reading them all. I don't care. This show's running long. I don't care.
We'll do it live.
Yeah, fuck it. We'll do it live.
Rageinator.
Well, here's three ways they help me.
One, in terms of games like first person shooters, Call of Duty, Halo, they help me vent.
If I'm pissed off at whomever, it's easier- it's better to take it out virtually-
Whom? Awesome.
It's better to take it out virtually, rather IRL, for a whole host of reasons.
Two, gaming serves as a social outlet, contrary to what older generations would have you believe.
And online gaming is a lot cheaper than other things, such as a night out drinking with friends.
Thank you.
Ain't that the truth.
Do you know how much drinks cost at the bar?
Yes.
For like, I could get a Long Island iced tea top shelf or a month of wow. I get it. I get it.
Three, online gaming gives you an opportunity to meet other people that odds are you wouldn't otherwise meet.
Or conversely, it, like Facebook, helps you maintain friendships with those that move out of your area.
Unlike Facebook though, one can do more than talk via text.
Thank you.
Welcome. Alright, that was for Rageinator.
Tiger Claw says, Video games have been a part of my life ever since I was a kid.
I know for a fact that you should never ever take video games seriously.
They provided me with hours of entertainment, and also great during times when you're feeling down or bored.
Gamer Girl says, I suffer from major depressive disorder, and ever since I was a kid, it's been my way to shut things out till I'm ready to deal with them.
This is a heavy answer.
It's like a way for me to be someone else for a while, until I'm ready to deal with what's going on.
And not only that, but it helped my reflexes as a kid due to being disabled.
So it's always helped me deal with real life in some way or another, and always good.
Why don't they fucking read that on Fox News?
Because it doesn't suit their agenda.
Sorry, I just had this moment of like, I'm angry now.
I'm not angry at you, Gamer Girl. I think you're great.
That answer is just so powerful.
It's like, I'm speechless.
It bears repeating, doesn't it?
Gamer Girl, you got me to shut up. Congratulations. You got me to shut up with that answer.
I've been trying that for years.
Lastly, DDR Dollar Bill.
If it wasn't for DDR, I wouldn't have become more social and outgoing.
But this is heavy stuff, guys.
Too long to tell this story, but the game was responsible for reigniting my desire for dancing and music.
I do love gaming, though I do want a future where games are more interactive.
Wait for the usual crap about go play football or some other sport.
Just not where the game is bad.
A fighting game that you actually have to move?
Well, the holodeck's only a matter of time away.
I read every single answer tonight.
You don't have to visit Facebook or Google. Those are all great answers.
Maybe there'll be some late-coming answers later.
You should still join our communities on Facebook.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio and Google Plus.
Search for Orange Lounge Radio.
You wanna know what my answer to that one is?
And it's very specific.
Super Mario RPG taught me rhythm before anything else did.
Really?
Yeah, it's the simplest story and it's the funniest little thing, but I came to this realization not long ago
and now that I'm all music-oriented, my brain is starting to work in that manner.
I've listened to music, I've heard it, whatever, but I guess the finer points of music and music theory?
The bonus game on Yoster's Isle where the Yoshis race.
The first time I tried it, AB, AB, AB, AB, mash the buttons.
Why isn't it doing anything?
And one of the Yoshis gives you a hint or something like that talks about that you go with the backbeat of the song.
It's like, oh, look at that. Alternate in time and your Yoshi runs away.
And it was just like the simplest thing, but that was what really sealed the deal.
Music games came along after the fact to really turn that into its own little world,
but that was the first time that music had something specific instead of just being the art as it is.
It's really the only way that I can describe it.
I remember that very distinctly, that things just felt different after an example of the backbeat in Super Mario RPG.
For me, video games gave me this.
I mean, for real. I know we joked about it a minute ago.
Video games gave me this.
And this is almost an extension of when I was growing up, I got picked on a lot.
I can't imagine why.
But for real, guys, I got called fag and all those dirty words you can possibly imagine a lot.
And then it's like those same kids would turn around and ask me for advice on video games.
Like, how do I get to the second quest in Zelda?
Or how do I find level nine in the second quest?
Like, come meet me behind the building.
That type of thing where it's like, I don't want the other kids to see that I'm talking to you,
but I know you're the video game expert.
And in some ways, this is almost an extension of that.
I'm still talking to people about video games.
I might not be as good at them as I used to be, but here I am with a bunch of awesome, like-minded people.
It's just great.
I know.
I know. I know. Especially you, Jamie.
Especially me.
Well, in an extension on the inspiration part, it has me writing, it has me drawing.
You know, there's so much that it brings.
And yeah, go read a book. A book will do the same thing.
But I think just the visual part of it, having somebody else's characters that you can kind of run free with kind of helps too.
Absolutely.
Original works, original inspirations.
All right, before we get back into Jamie's rapid fire news stories, anything else anyone wants to share on that topic?
Um, no.
All right, let's get back to rapid fire news.
I would like a pony.
Not really.
You can't have a pony. You can play Barbie Horse Adventures.
I'm actually super allergic to horses, so I really don't want a pony.
You can have a virtual pony.
So how about Marvel Super Heroes?
Derby Owners Club.
And Legos.
I miss Derby Owners Club.
Um, they got rid of the one at Dave & Buster's.
Oh, sad.
I didn't see it last time I was there.
Do you still have your card with your horse named Glue?
I have my binder.
Nice.
Yeah, I do have a horse named Glue.
You had Politary.
So you could whip Politary.
Politary is sad because Rob beat her too hard.
Um, anyway.
Um, so Lego Marvel Super Heroes is going to be coming out.
And, I'm very happy.
It's got an original storyline where Nick Fury needs the help of Iron Man, Hulk, Thor, Spider-Man, Wolverine, and other heroes to stop Loki and Galactus.
That's a team I would never have seen together, Loki and Galactus.
I would think Galactus would be too busy eating planets to deal with the, you know, Norse God.
Whose planet he wants to eat.
Also next up, Capcom Arcade Cabinet has been confirmed for the West.
Ooh.
Um, basically it's a platform for Xbox Live Arcade and PSN that will be coming in the US.
And we should be seeing more information on it on February 7th as far as what games are coming out.
But one of the confirmed games is Black Tiger for the US release.
As well as Japan.
Dan will be happy.
Dan will be really happy.
So basically it's Game Room.
But it's only Capcom.
Capcom.
And then, last but not least, LittleBigPlanet 2 Extras Edition is announced.
And, um, it will have the, uh, recently, um, released cross controller pack.
So that's used the Vita as a controller and the move pack, Rise of the Kaling.
And all kinds of fun stuff.
And, uh, however, I don't believe it has what date it's gonna be out on.
So yeah, that's it.
Alright.
And now I got more stuff to do, don't I?
Uh, no. We'll go to Loki next.
Well, I got stuff to do.
Soon. Soon.
Yes.
So, um, there was, of course, this lawsuit in place, um, from Gamefly who was saying they were getting unfair treatment for their, um,
you know, their packages going out.
Because Netflix and, I guess, Blockbuster Online were getting sorted manually, um, through the postal system.
Whereas their stuff was not.
It was going through machines and those were breaking discs.
In fact, there was actually some, uh, there was a screenshot or a photo of this, like, you know, bin that says Netflix and Blockbuster DVDs.
Doesn't say Gamefly DVDs.
Um, and so it actually, they ruled in favor of Gamefly and, um, basically told, you know, the US Postal Service that,
hey, you guys need to either fix this or you need to let us know, you know, tell us what's going on.
Why are you guys doing this?
I mean, it's obvious that, you know, that you're doing this stuff and, you know, these companies aren't paying you any extra money to have this preferential treatment.
Now, you either gotta do it for everybody or you're gonna do it for no one.
So, interesting.
Um, hopefully that means less broken DVDs in the mail.
I don't know, have you ever gotten anything from, you know, Gamefly that was smashed?
No.
Yeah, so.
Everything's worked fine for me.
Maybe it's just, like, more metropolitan areas, you know, where there's a lot more mail.
Maybe.
I live in an apartment complex, you know.
It's not like they handle the mail totally well around here sometimes, but it works.
Um, moving on, I promised you some DDR talk.
Here you go.
Dance Dance Revolution Classroom Edition made an appearance at CES this year.
Konami and United Healthcare Group teaming up to bring this.
I thought that was kind of an interesting partnership between Konami and an insurance company.
Uh, but they brought the game to the show to show it off.
Um, I gotta tell you what surprised me about it is that it was neat kind of seeing, like, new DDR.
And I was looking at it going, why did they, like, stop the console editions?
Like, this is an interesting direction that they were going.
I mean, granted, DDR is DDR, but I thought it was kind of cool.
I mean, 48 people can play this game at once.
That's, like, two PE classes or depending on whatever school you go to, right?
Um, and you look at it and they've got one, you know, one tunnel or what do you call that?
The area where the notes scroll up.
Do they ever have a term for that? The scroll bar? Whatever.
The area where the notes scroll up, there's three of them.
One for beginners, intermediates, and advanced all at the same time.
So I'm assuming that means that people who aren't as good as DDR can play, like, the beginner ones
and people who are getting better can play the advanced ones so that everybody can kind of play together.
I thought that was kind of neat.
Um, apparently the wireless dance pads are made by Performance Design Products
and they can actually track a dancer's progress, steps, body mass index,
and how many calories you burn through what is a plug-in smart card.
BMI is still bullshit.
Then why isn't PDP putting these out then for consumers to buy if they're making some decent dance pads, you know what I mean?
I was kind of looking at it and going, this is something I wouldn't mind having in my house, actually.
I could play with people over the internet or something.
Konami has launched this game three schools in Florida, Georgia, and Texas, I guess are the test ground for this.
There is a whole video, it looks like Polygon actually did an interview on the floor with some of the people that were showing it,
so you can check that out at polygon.com.
They actually have a whole little video in their section.
Yeah, it was kind of neat to look at.
It made me miss the dinner days a little bit. It did.
There's a lot that's really interesting about that concept that makes sense.
It throws out all of these, you know, expected mechanisms of DDR out the window that, who gives two shits about accuracy?
Pick whatever is interesting for you, change on the fly, and the important part of what you have to do is still available.
You're still on a dance pad, you're still moving around, you're still doing something and getting that sort of feedback, but you're not,
oh, I'm the triple A player of the town.
It's weird, they kind of look like, of course they have the overly excited person working at the booth doing, oh, I'm doing this fancy dance work.
But the pads themselves kind of look like a cross between the ignition pads where they're kind of thick, but they also are, it's that plastic cover on the top.
The only thing I don't like about it is you can't tell, you drift on those types of pads when you can't tell where the actual arrows are versus everything else.
But it would still be nice to buy one, you know, if it's going to work pretty well.
Obviously, if you're using a PE class, it's got to work somewhat okay.
And hell, I mean, we played on soft pads attached to a piece of wood with laminate over the top of them.
I am assuming that that would work. It worked okay then.
Yeah, they did look like the ignition pads to me, because from a distance I thought they were metal pads, and I was like, damn, this thing's going to be expensive.
But yeah, it was more the big, fluffy, but thick, those pads that Red Octane used to do before they got into guitar hero business.
There you go. All right. So, moving on. Did your computer go boom again?
All right, so let's move on to the next, let's just skip it and come back to it. Loki.
All right. So, let's see, we've got an interesting patent for PlayStation.
Man, what is with PlayStation and coming out in some really strange ass patents.
But this one now, they have got a patent for the Move. It looks like a new Move controller.
And the differences with the new controller versus the old one, one that's going to have some sort of interchangeable face plates.
So, for example, you can have the four directional buttons on there, or you can have the XO square triangle buttons.
Also, it kind of looks like an ice cream scoop, almost.
Well, they look like them anyway.
Yeah, but instead of having the buttons actually on the side of the pad, your hand would be behind the ball, I guess.
And what's also weird about it is they've got these foot attachment things and then in the most ridiculous image for a patent ever,
they have some dude with like four Move controllers, because I'm going to really buy four Move controllers for $40 each, doing a fucking like flip kick for a soccer game.
He's got those things like attached to his shoes. That is nuts.
Yes. Like, I mean, that's just fucking ridiculous. No one's going to do that. You're going to kill yourself.
And then we're going to see that on Fox News. Video gamer kills self while playing FIFA, attempting to do a flip kick, hits, you know, coffee table, dies.
Or how about kicks the 80 inch television right off the wall.
Or somebody else nearby.
You know, kickboxing game, Move controller flies off foot. Some weird shit happens.
Gamer loses leg in freak accident, kicking fan.
Let's just put it this way. OK, I don't know why they're having some sort of this patent, but I hope that God, this is not this isn't what they're bringing for PlayStation four.
Hey, you like those Move controllers? Well, guess what? We're going to strap them to every orifice of your body.
That's right. We're going to track all of those naughty bits. Does this really solve the very first sentences of this?
Sony recently filed a patent that describes a method for determining the location of a PlayStation Move like controller through a sound capturing device.
If it's obscured by something in the way, like a body, if you're if you're spinning, if you're moving, the sound really solve the problem.
That's how they do it right now. They've got it uses sound, I think, for part of it because they've got so many microphones in the actual like PlayStation eye camera that I thought that's what it was using.
I thought it was just light like a special a special wavelength that the camera can see.
It's a rotation, a little a little bit of both, I think.
I do know that like for voice or something is supposed to be able to track you or track something.
It's got like five microphones in that thing. I could just see cause variety three talking about, you know, now on the PlayStation four, it comes with four move controllers.
Let me show you a demo now. I will take one controller and put them in each hand and I will shake them up and down.
Then I will insert the third move controller into my mouth where I will rock back and forth the fourth move controller.
I will shove into my anus. Let's play sing star.
It just, I mean, I'm sorry.
Okay, here's the thing. Okay. The move controller, it's, I think the move is not that bad, but you know what they're showing with this patent here is basically, you know, they're saying that the controller has got some, you know, the swabble face buttons and stuff.
And that, you know, I don't know, I don't think they really know much other than looking at the pictures, but those controllers look a little weird.
Um, and I know they've tried, you know, the leg strap stuff, how they've tried that with, you know, the Wii and like, I know they have some fitness games where you can get a leg strap so they can tell that you're, you know, running or something like that.
But if this, I guess this thing, it was a determination of controller, three dimensional location using image analysis and ultrasonic communications.
So I thought that's how it worked already though. I mean, I don't understand what they would be doing differently in this one.
Thank you. SSU and Hunter Matt for getting my reference is Mr. Garrison's gyro cycle thing in that episode of South Park.
That's exactly what I was thinking about with the whole PlayStation move patent. Anyhow, it's for the best, Jason, that you don't watch it.
All right. Moving on. Let's go back to what we had to skip over. Jamie.
Okay. Um, the more news about the OUYA actually. Basically, they've figured out that since it already runs Android games, it will run emulated games too.
So people who already have OUYA boards are, um, basically putting up videos that show them playing Street Fighter.
Street Fighter, Mario 64 are already running on the OUYA.
I think I said this on the show when we bought our Wii, you know what the very first thing was that I did?
Emulate. Played Mario 64.
Uh, yeah. Very yes to this. I am so excited. Actually, emulators might sell me to OUYA.
And from based on the video, they run well.
Yeah. The video was not. I looked at it too. All I have to say. Oh yeah.
You all right over there? Do you need a move controller to enhance the experience?
No. I get the Mario 64 song stuck in my head and it lasts. It doesn't go away.
I got Rob doing it.
I hope it runs the 64 games. That means I can play F-Zero even though I can kind of...
You know what that means? It means my cross crystal dreams. Because that game only exists emulated.
Sayin'. And Star Fox 2. If it'll do, um, SNES emulation. Ooh, Star Fox 2.
You know what else it means? Yet another emulator with the most unworkable controller for the system with the most unworkable controller.
Yes! Here it is running on the OUYA.
Multiplayer golden eye over the internet. Yeah! That should be Android Pat possible. Come on.
God, I wish. All right. Moving on. Where are we at? Oh, speaking of Virtual Console. What a nice transition.
You're welcome.
The Wii U Virtual Console games. They will be playable on the gamepad. You know, eventually.
A representative for Nintendo said that there is plans to make a Wii U Virtual Console game playable on the new controller solely.
Which of course has the touch screen on it. Not that the touch screen is going to do you any good.
But it's still a way that you can, you know, you can have your Virtual Console game and you can play it on the TV.
Or then somebody wants to watch Oprah or whatever. You can move it to the little device.
Because currently they have, you know, the whole, like, was it, emulator running in an emulator.
Which I'm sure is fantastic for, you know, processing, you know, emulating an emulator.
And I think, Loki, you are right on the money. I think certain DS games, it's just a matter of time before this happens.
Why not? I mean, like, Pokemon Pearl would be a great game for this. Honestly. Perfect. Perfect game for this.
Because the bottom screen really isn't, it doesn't do a whole lot with the game.
I have a better idea. I have a better idea.
What?
How about a native Wii U Pokemon title that features both screens at all times or as much as possible.
You're funny. You're funny.
I've got a crazy idea too. What if Pokemon X and Y came out for the 3DS and the Wii U.
That you can buy your portable games on the Wii U.
Or you can buy them on your 3DS and they are playable on the Wii U and the 3DS.
That's madness though, I'm sure.
Alright. Does that mean it's time for mailbag?
I'm trying to get it to load.
I'm all twisted up. I have it up if you need me as a backup.
Do you want me to move on? We'll come back to mailbag?
Okay. Let's... I'm just improvising tonight, y'all.
Let's move on to the FUs of the week. What an appropriate time with computer issues to go to the FUs of the week.
Music
Need I ask Dar Sakura what she's mad about?
Fuck my nutbook. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it. Fuck it.
May I have more chocolate?
You absolutely may have more chocolate.
Thank you.
It's in the fridge.
Uh, Loki.
I feed myself for forgetting to mention that I gassed it up this week on the Down for Maintenance podcast with Code Man and friends.
Oh, shit. That's the whole reason you go on other podcasts is to promote your own appearance.
Yes, but now I'm promoting my own appearance.
You should mention it at the top of next week's show too. Give those guys some love.
Will do. It was a lot of fun.
Alright, good deal. I haven't listened to the whole episode yet. I want to though.
Uh, my FU of the week goes to Rush Limbaugh.
Because, what an asshole.
What an asshole.
I'm not even going to repeat what he said. If you've been reading the news, you know what he said. What an asshole.
Don't Google it. Please. Don't give him more attention. He's an asshole. That's all you need to know.
Uh, Jason.
I'll second that FU for you because I really don't have anything better.
And it's always worth it.
He's twice the asshole I thought he was.
Ry.
Fuck you to my job.
Fuck you to retail.
Fuck you to my boss.
Yes.
Store boss, not immediate boss.
Yes, store boss, not my immediate boss.
I love my immediate boss.
It matters.
It's always the quiet ones that are the angstiest, doesn't it?
Fuck it.
Suddenly, she's become a level 64 renegade, so look out.
Alright, uh, moving on.
By the way, I finally found my favorite renegade option in Mass Effect 2.
Yes.
Making the guy that poisons you drink his own drink.
That was fun.
Good times.
I got mail up, by the way.
You did get mail up. Oh.
Well then, you know what that means. I play the mail theme.
And I talk about every week.
Dark Soccer dives in the mail bag.
And she pulls out a couple emails that she feels like reading.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send your emails.
And you should send us more because we only got two emails this week.
That is sad.
That's actually a good thing that we only got two because it's so much easier to open on my iPad that way.
That's true. But still.
I had a backup.
And probably I'm gonna be absent from chat for a while until I get a new laptop.
Sorry to hear that. You can always do it on your iPad.
Do you know how much of a pain in the ass it is to switch between the screens and monitor chat?
And have all this shit running?
I could get my laptop out, you know. I do have one. It works, barely, but it works.
This is an iPad too and it likes to stink.
No.
I have an iPad, uh, outdated in two months.
At least I still offer, you know, updates for yours.
Anyway.
Mailbag.
At OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Dude, learn to spell grammar.
Okay.
Grammar is spelled G-R-A-M-M-A-R, not E-R.
I have to say sorry about the grammar last email, maybe in this one, but one, I agree with Rob.
I like Majora's Mask way better.
I may have spelled it wrong, but you spelled it right, but you didn't capitalize anything.
To be fair, I'm really happy you agree with me, but I think they're kind of both overrated.
Sorry, not sorry.
Two, I didn't like Skyward Sword is cuz? No, that should be because.
I didn't like the art direction. I like Twilight Princess's art style.
I also hated how empty the sky world was.
Also, how there was only like three different places to explore.
Also, my biggest thing I dislike is the motion plus.
It worked with Wii Sports Resorts, but not for a Zelda game.
That was a whole sentence, by the way.
Oh, and that came from, I guess, Chris, somebody. Chris is cool.
I think I mentioned in November that I've started watching a lot of video game related videos on YouTube video series.
Game Grumps, Continue Show, a lot of things by their friends.
I'll watch one-off, two-off, but I'm really subscribed and dedicated to Game Grumps right now.
When they were playing the Zelda adventure game in Nintendo Land, they were saying that that whole game's play mechanics is better than the whole of Skyward Sword as far as Wii motion controls are concerned.
I say that incidentally because I haven't actually played Skyward Sword, but I did play a bit of the Nintendo Land setup and it was quite fun.
It was simple. I don't know how it expands to full screen Zelda, but it just seems fun.
Okay, I guess I don't have a point to that spiel. Second email!
Second email comes from Raginator.
It's usually about random ass stuff related to physics.
Well, all of that being said, I had an epiphany not too long ago related to physics, specifically about dark matter, and I'd like to write a thesis on it.
However, I do have one hurdle to overcome. My math skills are not advanced enough to write the paper. I never took calculus.
That was your first typo. Congratulations, your grammar has been astounding.
He missed one of the E's in never. He spelled N-V-E-R.
Sorry, I thought the email needed Warholic.
Oh, and thoughts. Here's the next one. My thought here is to perhaps collaborate with someone in a university that has a working knowledge of physics and calculus.
Now my questions for you are as follows. Does this route sound feasible to you and how would I go about this?
I'm sure I can't very well just waltz in and say, hey, want to do a thesis with me?
If my epiphany that I had works out as well as I think it will, it could be very well groundbreaking.
Craigslist. Seriously?
Sorry, one more time the question. Sorry, I got distracted.
Okay, he has an idea about writing a thesis, which I think your thesis is more what your idea would be.
It would be the paper that you're trying to write about dark matter.
I think that without knowing all of the mathematics and the science behind it, you're probably not in the best position.
I would say start doing interviews. Call heads of, call deans of physics departments.
Call various schools that are in your area and make an appointment to speak with people and ask them about it.
Take a class here and there. Community colleges offer physics courses and talk to your teacher after class.
If it's something that you're truly interested in doing, especially since you have tons of free time on your hand, fuck.
Go to school.
See if it's something that maybe, you know, this isn't always a great substitute, but iTunes U has a lot of really interesting and diverse offerings out there.
Oh, there are tons of physics podcasts.
Take a peek. Yeah. Physics podcast. Great, great suggestion.
Yeah, I've even listened to a few of them because they were actually interesting podcasts that combined physics with religion.
You can find them just as easily as you found this crap.
They might fester a little less. Done.
Good, good feedback to our soccer. Good job. Despite your computer issues of the email back tonight, I must say.
Hey, I'm trying. That's why I got this thing. It just doesn't work for running everything.
All right. Let's jam through these couple last stories here and we'll get to the Skype line at one eight seven seven game.
Oh, well, are not yet. Don't call yet, but we'll let you know.
Loki. All right. So there was another tablet that was shown, you know, kind of a big gaming tablet.
It was the razor project Fiona thing, which is now called Razor's Edge.
If you may remember, that is the one that has the two like kind of nunchuck looking things that are attached to it or across with the nunchuck in the PlayStation move.
It's got these like analog handle things, but now it is available.
Actually, I should say it's available without that for thousand dollars for the base model, the I five one or twelve hundred or thirteen hundred dollars for the pro model, which is a core I seven.
But this is a tablet actually runs PC stuff. It's got Windows eight on it.
It's got, you know, a gaming card in it. In fact, actually, it's got a pretty high end Nvidia card in there.
It's kind of a surprise about that, which I kind of brought up the point that so does this thing run as hot as like the surface of the sun?
Because if it's got like, you know, some mobile 640 processor or something like that, I have no kind of clue how this thing would run.
Cool. Fuck my laptop. I do all sorts of cooling mods to get the run somewhat cool and it still runs hot.
I don't know. It's interesting. If you're interested, though, they are, I think, taking preorders for it.
And I don't think they've announced a date when it's going to be available. But oh, I'm sorry.
The base model is available now, but the pro models coming later and they're saying that the thirteen hundred dollar one can run dishonored at 60 frames per second,
which I don't think that's that processor intensive of a game.
So it's I don't know, but it's an option, I guess, if you really want to spend that kind of money.
Honestly, though, if you're going to spend thirteen hundred dollars on something, you'll probably get a laptop that's just as nice for a lot cheaper.
Just saying you don't need a tablet for everything or you can actually I actually was looking.
You can make your own tablet be fun. But will the tablet play this game?
I'm about to talk about I guess it will. I'll say an Android, but it doesn't run Android.
Never mind. But you could run it anywhere. OK, like compatibility or something. All right.
Anyhow, regardless, this is a game that was due to come out last week.
I guess people have been demanding this. I didn't know there was a market, but OK.
It's the spiritual successor to the game Shaq Fu. Yes, Shaq Fu. You heard me, Shaq. Like Shaquille O'Neal?
Yeah. Shaq Down, a 2D side scrolling action game.
It actually does star Shaq or Shaquille O'Neal, of course, came out for iOS and Android.
In the game, you battle zombies across three stages and bosses and all that stuff.
It was developed by Hiptic Games and published by One Spear Entertainment.
Shaquille O'Neal is a major shareholder in One Spear Entertainment.
So there you go. ShaqDown.com for more information, because I know you're all waiting for it.
Three stages, man. Don't like, you know, overwork yourselves.
I mean, that's just like a lot of content. That's so they can sell you stages four and five later.
Why? Fuck that. That's how it works now. That's what that's what users want, Loki.
Haven't you heard? That's what everybody said. That's what the users want.
More Shaq games? I don't think that's what they say. Although they do have, you know, is it Shaq Fu?
Was it, um, the, uh, the Skype line is open one eight seven seven game.
Or a user name on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio. Sorry, Loki.
They have that Shaq Fu with the Gaiden one, you know. Nice.
And then the sequel to that. So one of those stupid long name Shaq Fu, the something ultimate Grand Alpha Z Gaiden.
VidPower in our chat room. Shaq Fu Gaiden was awesome.
I never thought I'd see Shaq Fu and awesome in the same sentence, but there you go. It has its fans.
What can you say? Uh, Twitter topics. I'll try to fill in with a few of those. Twitter dot com slash o l r.
We got a few topics that we either talked about earlier in the show or last week. Like I see one from Flocko.
We hit that during Rapid Fire News. One from SSJ100 Matt that we hit last week.
Oh, we have a phone call coming in. So I'll go back to Twitter topics in a minute.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is VidPower. Hey, VidPower. How you doing?
Good. Good. How are you today? I'm all right. Thanks for asking. What's on your mind, buddy?
I just want to call in about and talk about CES. Did you go?
I did. I did. That's right. You're in Vegas. It's in your backyard.
It is. It is. It's really easy to get there and then have to put up with traffic.
Now, Bobby on his show calls this the Consumer Electronics Show, which is not open to consumers.
But you what you snuck into the back door or you work somewhere that got you in or what?
I kind of snuck in. I snuck in every year.
Fair enough. Wow, this is like the renegade report on the Consumer Electronics Show.
See, VoG can't afford to send anybody, so we just have people sneak in.
I'm just kidding. This wasn't endorsed by VoG. All right.
VidPower, tell us about what you saw at CES.
Yeah, well, you know, since Microsoft wasn't there at CES this year,
the amount of video games are pretty, well, CES isn't really known for video games anyway.
But like this year, there were just like a small handful of games that were showing off.
So not much. The big games were over at Sony's booth.
God of War Ascension that were showing off was probably like the main big thing.
But they had a bunch of other demos, like the new Sly Cooper game was there.
They had that Book of Spells game that they were demoing.
Did you get to see 120-inch television sets that just made everything look, oh, my God?
Yeah, yeah, I did. I did see one of those new 4K television sets with the crazy huge clear resolution.
Do we need that?
No, you don't. But it's pretty cool looking at it.
I was at Fry's just last night with Alan very randomly. We were just over there kind of killing time.
And we were looking at some of their really nice TVs. And like the new TVs, they're not even 4Ks.
They're just like the HDTVs, but like the newer type of plasma or whatever.
And they were showing on Blu-ray. Speed Racer was on one of them.
And it was so like it just looked fake. And I realized like Speed Racer wasn't exactly, you know, real to begin with.
Like you can tell that shit was done on a computer.
Same thing with the Avengers was showing on another one of the TVs.
And I was like, you can really see like, you can really tell computer versus real.
This is like jaw-dropping how like the ultra precision of it all almost ruins the movie magic a little bit.
It does. It does. Sometimes it looks a little like too, a bit fake with all that computer that they put in there.
Yeah, yeah. Sometimes it does look a bit fake.
But yeah, you know, they had a display of a Blu-ray playing on a TV next to one of these 4K televisions.
And I guess if you compare the two, you can kind of see a clearer resolution.
But like the average person probably couldn't see.
Couldn't tell at all. It's just too much.
Yeah, couldn't tell.
4K is made to show like 48 frames a second The Hobbit. And I don't know if everybody's ready for that.
Now I know you've been listening since the music gaming days. Did you see the classroom DDR thing?
I did. I did see DDR classroom edition.
Did you check it out?
I did. I did. So they had a demo on, it was a pretty like giant screen.
And it had like seven of these wireless pads all set up for just random people to come play on it.
And I, you know, being an old school DDR person, I went up and I tested out this pad.
It's surprisingly good. It didn't slip at all.
I don't know if they put anything under the pad or what, but like I was just doing like the expert level steps.
Yeah.
And yeah, it didn't slip at all. It definitely had the problem that most soft pads had.
You know, you can't really feel the position of the arrow. So, you know, you're always like a bit off center.
You're playing on it. But it was surprisingly good.
Good, like just kind of like a throwback to the old school, like red octane ignition 2.0 pads.
Was the music in it all old school or was it kind of mixed with like contemporary stuff?
Like, you know, you know what? There were like pretty much it was all like licensed like American music.
So there were like no like, you know, Konami originals or, you know, Japanese stuff.
So it was just like it was really Americanized.
No butterfly?
Yeah, no, no butterfly. No butterfly.
How am I supposed to show everybody in my PE class my patented Kyle Snyder spin?
Oh, yeah. I was like, oh, OK.
I think we saw that Uber song was like, yeah, like I have like a ton of everything.
Anyway, I guess they'll have to stick with like Lady Gaga and Rihanna or whatever.
Awesome. Well, it sounds like you had a good time at CES.
So since you are a consumer who somehow got into Consumer Electronics Show and it is about trying to get you to buy something.
Is there anything you walked out of the show going, I might buy that?
Not really. CES is more really.
What a successful expo.
CES is really more about like technology that like to have like in the back of your mind.
But a lot of it's like not ready for consumers yet.
You know, most likely in the price, price level of all this stuff.
Yeah, it's for CES is for rich people, not the people who have to sneak in.
E3, just like E3 is technically supposed to be for a lot of shops to be able to pick up, pick up publishers, CES is meant.
These are the technologies that you can offer to consumers and you get bits and pieces of it are good ideas, but it's not.
It's technology for consumers, not Best Buy convention extreme.
Pretty much. Yeah, that's a really accurate statement.
It's more, it's more of like technology that's like ready for consumer in like three to four years from now.
All right. Well, VidPower, I should probably let you go to try and get another call here before the night's over.
But thanks for the report from CES.
No problem, no problem. Anytime.
All right. You take care, buddy. Have a great week.
Later.
All right. Bye.
It's nice to hear from VidPower. I haven't heard from him in a while, even though I want to know more about how he got in.
That sounds a little sneaky there.
All right. Excuse me while we wait for more calls at 1877 Game OLR or a username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Again, some Twitter topics out here. Tiger Claw on Twitter sending us a tweet to a story.
Yes, I heard about this.
It's not really gaming per se, but it's just kind of lolsy.
You know, there's that site where you can do a petition to the White House and if it gets so many signatures, they like have to respond to it or whatever.
Well, there was that whole petition to build a Death Star.
The White House replied this week and said no.
But I thought it was a very clever answer because it talked about we can't afford that kind of debt.
And this administration does not support blowing up other planets.
That was my favorite response.
That was great.
It was great. An amazing response.
All right. Let's go to the phones and take another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, guys. This is Degenera Johnny.
Hey.
How are you guys doing?
Degenera Johnny. What's on your mind, buddy?
Not much. Can't complain.
Well, actually, I do have a complaint to Brad from Pod Culture for getting me addicted to that fireball whiskey.
It's very cinnamon.
The influence of vog is spreading. I love it.
That just makes me shudder. Yuck.
Amazing.
Well, sadly, Brad from Pod Culture told me he wasn't listening live tonight, but hopefully he'll catch up on the podcast.
A good old hearty F.U.
Yeah. Oh, it's all good.
As a matter of fact, I'm using it for the Orange Lounge Radio drinking game.
So, what else do you mind, buddy?
Basically, well, I wanted to touch up on the whole video game violence thing.
I'm a little afraid right now of the timing of this because I'm playing Dead Space 1 and 2 in preparation for Dead Space 3.
And my problem is that, aside from Devil May Cry, this is one of the AAA titles that's coming out since the shooting.
And Visceral Games has a tendency of pushing the envelope of putting certain adversaries in their games, namely babies and children.
If you looked at their past three games, Dante's Inferno, Dead Space, and Dead Space 2.
And so my problem is, I'm a little scared about this, is if they decide to do that again in Dead Space 3, would we see more irate type of backlash?
We haven't really received it beforehand, but in light of the shooting, this might come up and say Visceral, it puts in the six-year-old or seven-year-old pack hunters in the game, or the exploding babies.
I'm just a little afraid that there might be a little backlash if they decide to do that.
Yeah, I hear what you're saying, and I agree with you to a point that it's like, now would be a great time to just show a little restraint, but at the same time, somebody's gonna push the envelope.
And if it's not these guys, then guess what'll end up on Fox News eventually? It'll be that game that the guys made about Columbine or whatever.
The controversial thing that came out some time ago. There's always gonna be somebody pushing the envelope, but at the same time, that's what the First Amendment is for.
And I think I've heard this argument before, is that we might want to put all these restrictions, but what lengths are we willing to go to sacrifice the First Amendment to spare all these others, or what have you?
Drama's gonna unfold as a result of this, but it's not gonna be any different than what we've been dealing with for the past decade.
I sort of have a feeling, I don't know, the cynic in me sort of thinks you are gonna start to see some type of legislation about violent video games, very similar to how you have motion pictures.
You know, in reality, they would just mirror the frickin' motion picture thing. You know, no one under 17 admitted without parent or guardian or whatever, but then again, the Motion Picture Association needs to be reformed.
Now would be a great time to examine all of that, because the MPAA is kind of shit, and the way they look at things, and that violent movies can be, you know, rated R, no problem, and kids can get in, but show a penis, and oh my god, not safe for anybody, right?
It's like this weird, weird, you know, kind of bullshit. So now would be a great time to evaluate all of that, but I think it's inevitable. You're gonna see some type of parental controls on this, where there's gonna be certain type of games you don't buy without a driver's license.
I just, or some type of identification, I just think that is inevitable, but it's also a little bit naive, because with the internet, you can get anything. You know, how you gonna regulate an M-rated game on the internet? It's gonna be a lot harder.
So, and since we're all going towards digital distribution, that's kind of the reality. Movies are going that way too.
Marissa Congusto in chat says, most likely there will be a threat of legislation, and the industry will censor itself. I'm totally with you there, Marissa, but that kind of already happened in the mid-90s. That's how we have the video game rating system we have now, was the first time we went through all this crap in the mid-90s, and that was when the record industry did the whole, you know, explicit lyrics thing, and all of that.
And Walmart stopped carrying them.
All of that happened, so.
And the way I interpret what Biden was saying is that I think he acknowledges that the ESRB is by far far more responsible than the MPAA.
I think it's like basically hinting to everybody, just, you know what, let it be general knowledge. You know, you guys are better than the MPAA, you guys are far more superior, more accountable, more responsible, definitely.
I mean, just pick up a DVD and compare it to a video game and, you know, you'll have a hard time looking for a rating of the movie, much versus, you know, on the game where it's both on the front and the back, and it actually tells you, you know, in big bold letters, why it's rated at.
That is an amazing amount of credit to give to Vice President Biden, I hope you're right, to hold up the ESRB as, this is what movies should be doing.
That is quite the, you know what, I gotta say though, I wish, because the MPAA really, they need to look at that hard, hard they need to look at that.
It blows my mind, literally blows my mind how a movie like Saw 7 or any of those movies gets an R rating, but the movie Shameless that showed, you know, that guy from X-Men, it showed his little, you know, well, not little, but, you know, showed his wiener in that movie and all that.
Showed his little X.
Yeah, his little X or whatever.
Little Jimmy.
That was NC-17, because heaven forbid people have sex.
Heaven forbid people have penises.
But decapitations and people setting on fire and eyes sewn shut and all that crazy shit the Saw movies show, no problem, no problem.
That, okay, there's a big problem here.
Big problem.
I would rather see fucking than blood.
Just saying.
Me too.
Who wouldn't?
I knew.
What sick fucker wants to see blood?
I realize there's a whole like horror movie.
Now, I do have a friend who's completely into the human centipede, so.
Oh, God.
Awesome.
I should recognize that horror movie has its own subculture, but at least they all kind of admit it's a weird thing.
Like most horror movie fans I know go, yeah, it's gross, but that's what I love about it is it's so cheesy.
I'm like, all right, at least you know where it is.
I showed her the toddler pee and she cracked up.
I love TV ratings.
Gaming ratings and TV ratings both have the general level.
And then they point out these subcategories, you know, crude language, comic mischief, and up to the suggestive situations and so on and so forth.
And those are good.
They're expanded classifications that make a lot of sense.
And movies don't.
GameGuru in chat says about my comment about what's going to happen nationwide says, I don't think so.
California tried that and the Supreme Court shot it down by saying video games are protected speech.
There was more to it.
I don't remember all the details, but I want to say it was going to bust the employees and all this other stuff that didn't make sense.
And the fact that I think mature gaming's like couldn't be on the shelves or had to have some type.
Basically, they were going to treat the violent video games like porn.
That was the problem is the labels they were giving to that and so forth was the problem.
And that there is really no like there was no cut and dry.
What makes a violent game?
You know, there was it was going to be it wasn't they weren't trusting the ESRB to do it.
That's the problem.
But for them to step in and say, OK, the ESRB can get away with the same stuff the MPAA can or we're going to form a government agency that's basically the ESRB all over again or whatever.
I don't think that necessarily is out of the realm of possibility.
And I think that could be something that happens.
I think it might I think that's the whole point of Rockefeller's bill that he's trying to introduce is like to evaluate video games in a certain light to see if there's legislation that's necessary.
Otherwise, you know, then we'll let be what it is.
Exactly. All right.
DeGeneres, Johnny, I got to let you go so we wrap up the show, but thanks so much for your call, buddy.
No problem.
You guys have a great day.
You too. Take care.
That is going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
I am very sorry to those that didn't get through.
I know usually I try to take one or two more calls.
I need to wrap up the show in the next few minutes here.
So I'm going to kind of start to wind things down.
I want to close out the Twitter topics, though.
Twitter dot com slash O.L.R.
There was one other tweet here I wanted to read from act deft who sent a story to a story about the PlayStation three has likely outsold the Xbox 360.
What?
Oh, maybe maybe worldwide.
I believe it worldwide because Japan, you know, worldwide tilted.
Is that what it is about worldwide?
Yeah. So worldwide, it looks like the PlayStation three has outsold the Xbox 360.
This will be great news to Sony fans everywhere.
But really, guys, just, you know, all the play what you like and enjoy it.
Exactly.
System is only as good as the games are on it.
But you know what?
I will say this much.
We all gave the PlayStation three tons of shit when it first came out and it deserved it.
But they've really turned it around in many ways.
And this is the reward that they get to reap for that.
Congratulations.
Now, can you do something about the Vita?
Yeah, seriously.
Please land on that note.
All right.
That was it for the Twitter topics tonight.
Rapid fire news.
I don't think there was anything left in the show, but maybe if you got any sorry.
Last minute story.
Cox on fire.
What?
Read the chat.
All right.
Fair enough.
All right.
That's it.
We're going to wrap up the show and head on out here for the night.
But not before we go around to get everybody's final thoughts and a chance for me to say, of course, as always, support independent podcasting.
You know, even if you thought this show was shit, go download another independent.
First off, if you thought it was bad, I'm surprised you made it this far.
If you thought it was bad, send us feedback, constructive criticism and tell us what you thought didn't work instead of being an asshole.
Mailbag at Orange Laundry dot com Facebook dot com.
Orange Laundry do at O.L.R. on Twitter.
Let me let me give you an example of bad feedback.
Bad feedback would be Rob is a bitch or bad feedback would be Loki screams too much.
Bitch.
Good feedback would be the audio levels need to be looked at because sometimes Loki gets a little louder.
That's fair feedback.
Or, you know, Rob should not talk so much when he's talking about that.
That or whatever.
Or send us good feedback.
We appreciate both kinds.
We appreciate Jamie for everything that she.
We love her and you don't have anything nice to pay her to do.
Mailbag at Orange Laundry dot com.
Or if the feedback is good, consider leaving a five star review on iTunes and help spread the word.
You know, the other shows spread like a disease.
There's a lot of gaming podcasts out there, a ton.
But unfortunately, a lot of the ones that get all the attention from places like iTunes and so forth.
Not all, but a lot are things that would be getting your attention anyway, because there are parts of million dollar websites.
And, you know, they poop out podcasts every other day because they have the resources to do it.
But I really encourage you check out the shows that independent producers are doing.
I brought up gamertag radio earlier in the show.
I'm going to, of course, plug VOD because all the hardworking independent folks that are out there.
Lots of great shows on the network.
We used to be on video game outsiders.
I still try to try to listen to as much as I can.
Loki and I were both on Down for Maintenance, a startup show.
My buddies got Game Buoy, another great indie show.
So just just support those that do this for the love of podcasting.
Jason needs his own show because he's got a sexy voice.
He does. He really does.
I hope that happens soon.
You need to have a very smooth R&B intro as well.
You know what? We need to be like the kudzu of the podcasting world where we spread over everything.
And are high in iron.
Anyhow, please tell a friend or two about the show because we don't have a lot of advertising dollars for any of that stuff.
Like us on Facebook and all that stuff. It really helps.
Anyway, I really want to thank our guests for being here, coming out all the way from Colorado.
I know it wasn't just us, the reason why you came out, but we still appreciate you.
You still have to drive here from San Francisco, which is no small task.
Always a great part of it.
So we really appreciate it.
Thank you, Jason, for being on the show tonight.
Any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
If you don't hear from me in August, send help.
Okay. And Rai, good luck with pushing it to Paragon 100. We're all rooting for you.
Well, the next patch will definitely help.
Alright, that'll be good.
Five hundred percent experience! Yes!
Yes! I will not be playing MP10. I don't care. Five hundred and ten percent.
I don't care. I will not be doing MP10.
Any final thoughts for our listeners, Rai?
I'm glad that I'm finally coming out of a shell a little bit more, talking a little bit more than I was last time.
Helps to have my own microphone and not be sharing with Rob.
There you go.
He never lets go of his, Mike.
Thank you to Brad.
Love you, Brad.
Thank you!
So let's go around and talk to our hosts.
Dark Soccer, you got your scarf on. You're ready to go. What's your final thought?
I just wanted to put my scarf on. You need to stop judging me.
Thanks for the chocolate and the coffee.
You're welcome anytime.
That's my thought.
Alright, and my final thought...
So long and thanks for the fish.
My final thought tonight is...
I don't know.
Loki, your final...
You love the sound of your own voice.
Yes.
Four score in seventy years... No.
Loki, what's your final thought tonight?
I guess I'll play some different games this week.
I was already loading up Giana Sisters to try that since I have it on Steam.
Maybe I'll finish the VoG Minecraft website and play Minecraft.
I don't know.
I got a lot of stuff I want to do.
And I have a bunch of random computer parts that I took from...
Well, not took from work, but I had stored at work in my garage that I want to build something out of.
I don't really know what.
But, man, I have so many random computer parts.
It's like I keep finding stuff. It's ridiculous.
I don't know what to make out of it.
You should make one of those little mini boxes that put it in something that no one would expect to see it in.
Like build it out of a fake loader box or something.
Well, originally I had parts for...
I was building an arcade cabinet inside one of...
It's like a tiny...
What was it? Like the old LCD Frogger games.
Like the really small cabinet ones.
Although it doesn't fit without dremeling some stuff out.
So I have a Pico ITX... I think it's Pico ITX board.
And then I've got a ton of arcade boards and all sorts of crazy shit.
You should actually build the ultimate jamma cabinet and call it the bad mamma jamma.
Bad mamma jamma.
I think someone's done that.
All right. That does it.
Oh, ActDeft wants me to tell you, you have been added to the VOG club on Forza Horizon.
Woo!
And we have to play this week.
Oh, you can't be any worse than me, Matt. Don't worry about it.
Nah. You should have seen me driving.
Battle for last place.
Fist bump. All right.
That's it. We're done. Another show in the can.
We'll be back next week to do it all over again.
Have a wonderful week and be nice to each other.
And I don't know what else to say.
So I'll play the ending music.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Music.
