DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki Tonight, January 20th, 2013, the final Rainfall
game is set to come to the U.S. Sony plans to make a big sale, and Disney Infinity is
finally officially unveiled.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio with episode 490 of our show for this January the 20th of 2013.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next several hours to talk about
video games and the gamer lifestyle along with those of you in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com
and the all important co-hosts here on the show.
First off, say hello to Jamie Summers.
I'm not in the kitchen.
What are you doing out of the kitchen?
Hosting a show.
No wait, no.
Hold on.
Put the angry emails down.
This is not a sexist joke.
She was actually in the kitchen making coffee.
Making coffee.
Now I have- That's what she wanted.
Chocolate mint creamer to go with my chocolate mint coffee.
All right.
There you go.
Minty.
Minty fresh.
Just like tonight's show?
I don't know.
Minty fresh.
Tech master Loki.
Hi.
Remember when fresh was a compliment?
Yes.
I remember the 90s.
Like funky fresh or I always think of crescent fresh from Siffle and Ollie which was an underrated
TV show.
Siffle and Ollie?
No.
Siffle and Ollie.
Not Siffle-less dark soccer.
I wonder how their rebirth- Be quiet when you're in the kitchen.
I wonder how their rebirth is doing.
I say that because she doesn't have a mind.
Because I remember like, hey, Siffle and Ollie are coming back.
They're doing game reviews.
Oh yeah.
I forgot after the first episode.
Yeah.
Exactly.
The first episode was funny though.
See, I think maybe that's the type of thing you're just going to have to marathon during
a weekend.
Like, you know, some people marathon what?
Game of Thrones or what else?
What are the other big TV shows people watch?
True Blood.
If you're Jamie, Supernatural and only Jamie.
Okay.
Doctor Who.
That's when a lot of people marathon.
Once Upon a Time, my friends, which okay.
Matt Cross.
Actually, we did.
We did actually have an anime night at my house kind of.
We watched Matt Cross Do You Remember Love, but then we watched the live action Rurouni
Kenshin movie and it was Amazeballs.
Oh yeah.
You invited me to come over and watch that.
Yeah, but you said no.
Well, we got stuck doing something else.
Yeah.
But Alan was working.
The Rurouni Kenshin movie was Amazeballs.
Was it?
Yeah.
Good times.
All right.
Well, again, we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock
Eastern at the Voice of Geeks Network.
That is vognetwork.com right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And if you want to participate live with our show, join us.
We have a live chat room, so if you do happen to be tuned in live tonight, make sure you're
in the chat room to get the full experience, live.vognetwork.com.
And it is possible to chat and multitask and do other things.
We don't take offense.
If you want to listen to the show, chat and play, I don't know, World of Warcraft or whatever
computer game, Civ 5, whatever.
But if you're watching sports ball, I'll shoot you.
Stop it.
That's disrespectful.
With a rubber band.
That's disrespectful.
With a rubber band.
Speaking of sports ball, there was no Bobby Black Wolf tonight because there was some
big sports ball games going on.
Ironically enough, our quote unquote local team, the San Francisco 49ers, even though
they're a hundred miles away, it's the closest NFL team we have, playing his Atlanta Falcons
and the Niners won.
So I think they're all drowning their sorrows in beer right now.
Dan calls them the 40 whiners.
Why is that?
I don't know.
I hate sports ball.
Well, when I first came into chat tonight, some of the chatters at live.vognetwork.com
were like, oh, Rob's team defeats Bobby's team.
And oh my gosh.
I'm like, wait, wait, wait.
No, no, no, no, no.
Let's be clear.
Just because the 49ers are local does not make them my team.
First off, I'm not really big on football.
I'm not going to sit here and say, you suck if you like football, because I don't believe
that.
Everybody's got their things that they're into.
It's just more socially acceptable to be into football.
Let's be real.
When I make posts about like, oh, I'm so excited.
Such and such got evicted from Big Brother.
Everybody looks at me like weirdo.
You damn weirdo.
What's wrong with you?
Well, or gaming.
I want to talk about esports in a minute.
Acid Vampire made me cry.
But just to be clear, just to be clear, if I have a team, it is the Minnesota Vikings.
And that's because of Chris Cluey.
Let's Chris Cluey.
Why?
Who?
Chris Cluey.
He is the guy that wrote, he plays World of Warcraft for one.
He's an NFL player that plays World of Warcraft for one, which makes him awesome.
And two, he's the guy that wrote that, you know, profanity laced letter about the whole
gay marriage thing.
And like basically say you're an idiot if you don't support it.
It's cool.
Yeah.
So, you know, I don't use this term very often, but like, he's like a bro.
You know, Johnny apparently is spanking off to the show.
What?
What?
Says, I can multitask with the show, watch Californication, laugh at jokes, bleeping
off and listen to the show.
He means nodding off because he doesn't want to offend us, not sodding off.
All right.
La la la la la.
Anyhow, that, uh, little gem from our chat room at live.vognetwork.com, what were you
saying about a city vampire earlier, making you cry in chat?
What was that about?
He said the Firefly was overrated.
So I said his butt was overrated.
That's okay because, um, Brad, Brad from pod culture is taking care of it for me.
Yes.
You also can get mature responses like such in our chat room from a host nonetheless.
Live.vognetwork.com again, Jamie, you said your butt is overrated.
Is that what you said?
But I say the same thing to my husband, except I tell him like, he'll be like, well, this,
this song's kind of weird.
It's like, well, your face is kind of weird, which just earns me a look.
All right.
So pun intended.
The kickoff topic I wanted to talk about tonight was ports.
Hold on.
All right.
Don't sit there and be all like, I met you.
Your pun.
Oh, okay.
I am going to punish you.
I thought you were, you were going on your tirade about football again.
I'm like, no, I don't care.
People like sports ball.
If they want this, the Stanley goal, you know, if they want the, the, the, I don't know,
the Uber league cup, they they're welcome to it.
Well, how often have we talked about video games ought to be a sport and that topic comes
up once in a while.
I don't know.
I don't know how people truly feel about that.
Like I say, like we all say it, but maybe we don't like, you know, and I think about
e-sports and that whole thing and it's still, e-sports still feels very like, I don't want
to say underground because I do see it getting more and more visibility, but let's be real.
They don't exactly televise star craft matches on NBC prime time or whatever.
We're not really at that level yet, but you know, thanks to the internet and the internet
is in many ways killing traditional broadcast mechanisms, right?
I mean, ratings for once powerhouse TV shows like American idol or way down.
And I think we have the internet today for a lot of that because, uh, you know, people
watch their Netflix or people watch the things that they want to see.
And some people prefer to watch these e-sports things and we've seen, you know, the online
streaming solutions like Ustream, Justin TV, or excuse me, it's Twitch TV or whatever,
all that stuff, uh, you know, is, is popular for the people who want to see it.
Um, you know, you log into a site like Twitch that actually shows you like, this is the
game that's being broadcast most of all.
Do you guys know what game is broadcast more than any other on Twitch TV?
The puppy bowl.
I wish, seriously though, do you know what video game is broadcast more than any other
on Twitch TV?
Star craft?
No.
World of Warcraft?
No, that, that world of Warcraft is number two.
And usually when it's world of Warcraft, it's PVP, at least in my experience.
I see way more PVP arena people doing that than anything else.
League of Legends is the game that I see stream more than anything else on Twitch TV.
So I just, you know, and that's a, that is, that game is built to be very competitive
and that whole, like, um, what do they call it?
The MOBA style games, which funny tangent, I actually downloaded League of Legends finally
this weekend.
I didn't get far enough.
I played the little tutorial and then it got into picking a character and dah, dah, dah.
And like, I literally had somewhere else to be, so I kind of stopped, but I am going
to try.
I have a long weekend.
Let's do a lot of people, uh, this weekend from work.
So I'm going to try and play a little more tomorrow because everybody always talks about
League of Legends and it is free.
So you know, why not?
And I also have dota too.
So it's like those MOBA games are becoming more and more.
Do we have any chatters that are really into that stuff?
Just out of curiosity, live.vognetwork.com, uh, Mako in our chat room says, what would
be Mico?
Mico says, watch today's Intel extreme masters finals was damn fantastic.
I admit to being a sad man.
Well, why is that sad?
Is that really any different than the people that all gathered around and watched the football
game?
And I'm not calling either one sad.
You're into whatever you're into.
I'm calling all of it sad.
I'm kidding.
Yeah.
And then you're going to go home and watch Supernatural.
So you know, I'm actually way behind on Supernatural to be honest.
No judgment here.
None at all.
And then you'll, then you'll post about it on Tumblr.
Uh, I did however, finish Sherlock, a city vampire in our chair and says, sports will
be more entertaining if the athletes were naked back in the day, the gladiator gladiator
arenas back in the day.
You know, I think the dangly bits are hilarious, so I'd just be busy laughing.
I don't even know how to respond to that.
Um, Rob can't even, oh, you know what, if you want to watch naked athletes, watch a
wrestling, that would be your sport then, because let's be real in what other, there's
only two sports I can think of where it's socially acceptable to run around in a speedo
the whole time.
One of them involves a swimming pool.
The other one is wrestling.
Think about it.
Um, also in our chat room at live.vogna, which wrestlers wear cups, uh, SGA 100 Matt says
league of legends and Korean star craft matches are broadcasted a lot.
That's right.
I wonder, what do you think it is about those types of games specifically that really draw
people in?
Why don't you see a lot of competitive music based games?
I hardly ever see a lot of like competitions online about that.
What is it about those games that you think really draws people into esports and watching
all that online?
Do you think it's because they're just designed to be that way?
Any thoughts?
I really honestly don't know what the appeal is.
I mean, truly, I don't know what the appeal is and I can't even fathom what the appeal
is.
Well, to be fair, you haven't played it.
Unless it's like, you know, fantasy football type of attraction, you know, where you can
see your fantasy team play or whatever.
I don't know.
Logie?
I don't know.
We don't know why people get into this.
Seriously, they tried to do a fantasy football league at my old job and they asked me, you
know, to been in it and I was like, I don't know.
That's all I said.
One thing like watching, I don't know what that is.
Like watching the esports stuff is just more kind of, I mean, it's fun to watch people
play sometimes.
Like I used to watch Arena on G4 and that was sort of esports stuff.
I mean, I don't know how staged all that was, but it's basically, you know, two teams and
a commentary.
And that can be fun sometimes if it's a game you're interested in, like if they did a Grand
Theft Auto, although, you know, they'd have to show me because I'm so fucking awesome.
But hey, wait until five because no one plays anymore.
What about competitive Minecraft?
Although I guess that's not really a thing.
It could be.
It is a thing.
Is it?
No, it can be a thing.
Well, competitive Minecraft, they have usually it's different game modes like the people
set up.
For example, I've watched videos of people just creating their own kind of games, like
one of which, OK, everybody, we're going to throw you outside of this house and the first
person to, was it the last person to survive is the winner or something like that.
Like Minecraft Battle Royale?
Sort of.
And it was like it's basically a ton of monster zone.
They gave them like very little weapons and it was just, OK, survive and whoever survives
the longest.
And they have like rounds and stuff that deal with that.
And that's kind of entertaining.
It really blows my mind.
They haven't made a game out of battle royale or even like the Hunger Games they have on
Minecraft.
They have a Hunger Games servers.
OK.
All right.
They actually do play the Hunger Games like that, where they all start off and it's basically
everybody free for all and there's chess where they find stuff to help them survive.
For the record, I'm not talking about that iPhone game that was like a platformer shooter
based on.
You know what I'm talking about.
I mean, like, you know, strategize, find the weapons, find your opponents, that that whole
type of thing.
I know Marvel totally bit off battle royale specifically now because now there's like
an Avengers battle royale comic where they've taken like little bit characters from all
over the Marvel universe and make them basically kill each other off until there's one left.
And the cover is totally a rip off the movie.
Well, battle royale kind of gained a lot of popularity again, thanks to the Hunger Games.
I mean, you know, obviously, a lot of people saw the similarities and so forth.
But I heard at one point the CW was kicking around a battle royale show.
It's gone.
They are not moving forward with it.
That would definitely, I would totally watch it.
They said, hold on, guys.
It was nothing more than like an idea we kicked around.
But still, what an odd TV show.
Yeah, we can't put that out now that there's kids dying, you know, in the news.
I think it would make a great TV show as a drama.
I mean, I'm really surprised nobody's tried to pitch a like a literal Hunger Games reality
show.
Obviously, no death.
Paintball?
Paintballs or, you know, non lethal types of things like, you know, silly things of
your beatings and nerf the Nerf Hunger Games.
They have laser.
I watch that.
The Nerfing games.
There you go.
I'd even watch that.
You know, they need to bring back laser tag.
Yes.
Except not the bad cartoon.
Is that a TV show?
Yeah.
There's a bad laser tag cartoon.
Huh?
Well, I was I thought they actually had laser tag on TV.
I never thought they actually had it on TV.
The commercial.
No, no.
Back in the 90s.
They kind of had else.
You can see the 80s cartoons.
You can see all sorts of weird shit on in the morning in the 90s, you know, and.
Well, now you just see all sorts of weird shit on after midnight on Adult Swim.
There's a big difference, though, between Adventure Time, which is great.
Don't get me wrong.
I love it.
There's a big difference between that and like Fun House.
Okay.
Tiger class says they should do a survivor for kids.
They did.
It was called Lord of the Flies.
No, but they did.
They did.
It was like, was it Eco-Challenge or something like that?
They did have one for kids.
It was survivor for kids.
But I it was obviously a lot different, like because, you know, obviously you don't want
to do the psychological trauma with kids.
But there was I think it was mostly physical based like like Guts.
Guts was awesome.
Right.
I liked the announcer.
I'm hoping somebody in chat will remember the name of that show.
I need it.
I need a reality TV nerd.
If like Shane's listening, he might remember.
He'll know what show I'm talking about.
I don't remember what network it was on.
SSJ 100.
Matt says American Gladiators was the closest we had to that type of thing.
You know what happened with that reboot?
I was so excited because like American Gladiators was such bad ass TV back when we were growing
up.
It was like it was so just brain gone.
It doesn't matter.
It's just errors.
It was watching for the love of God.
It was.
Can you have a game show without all the reality bullshit tied to it?
I mean, that's everything nowadays.
It's like trying to get in the head of the contestant and like, let's find out about
their life.
I don't care what you like.
I want to see them play a game.
And that's it.
All I need to know about them is their name is Bob and they're from Detroit or something
like that.
That's it.
And they're a firefighter.
Whatever.
And there they were in the military.
You know, that type of thing.
That's all we need to know.
Yeah.
I think it just didn't work in primetime.
American Gladiator just came back as like a primetime show.
Like, you know, and it's just like, no, this is the type of thing that's meant to be like
Saturday at four o'clock.
I've already found the best show.
They need, what they need to do is take reality TV and just give it all to Canada because
Canada does it right.
Canada does it right.
I am addicted to Canada's worst drivers.
OK.
Shane is asking, is it the CBS one that had the kids living in the town?
Kid Nation?
No, I forgot about that one.
That one got a lot of shit because it was like really psychologically damaging to those
kids.
There was another one.
It was on cable.
It was on.
I don't think it was on Nickelodeon, but like Discovery Kids or something.
Somebody's got to know this.
I will look it up on Wikipedia, dammit.
All right.
I guess we'll move into how was your gaming week?
This way I can answer this question by looking.
Somebody's listening to the podcast, not live this week, going, I know the name of the show.
It was.
All right.
Let's go to Dark Sakura.
And how was your gaming week?
I played Minecraft last night for for four hours.
Wow.
What a what the turnaround.
Jamie's me.
Remember when you used to sit here on the show and say Minecraft's stupid.
I didn't say it was stupid.
I just said I wouldn't play it until someone paid for me, too.
And now that someone paid for me, too, that I'm playing it.
But I was busy working on my underground lair, which apparently Loki hasn't found yet.
I haven't really been playing that.
I've been see like I've been trying to do things that involve my brain in not the same
way Minecraft doesn't.
But it's just like I don't really know what I want to do with it right now.
And so I've been trying to do other things, but then my brain gets too tired.
So I play like dumb games like Skyrim with a ton of mods on it.
It's really unstable now, too.
Well, I was just doing other stuff.
So that's why I was playing Minecraft while I was doing other things.
But it's just sort of nice to sit back and have something mindless to sort of work on
that's a little creative and trying not to hit those guys that explode.
I hate them.
Because most of my houses are made out of glass.
My roofs are made out of glass.
I've got this whole network of underground tunnels built.
And I seriously have a mole village.
People can come live in my mole village if they want to.
I finally put a bed in my house.
Can you play whack-a-mole in your mole village?
No.
And I did play a little WoW.
I'm trying to get back into WoW.
I played some Mass Effect 3, but that's just because I was playing around with more of
the mods and I think I'm close to getting Flycam working.
Are you going to get into the whole...
The name slipped my mind.
When they make the movies out of video games.
Machinima.
Thank you.
Machinima.
Are you going to get into the whole Machinima thing?
No, but on my Mass Effect-ing Tumblr.
That's like your...
That's why I ask.
Because your Mass Effect-ing Tumblr, you're making still pictures.
That's kind of like getting your big toe in the door.
I'm doing Lull Effect is what it's called.
Lull Effect.
Is that like a thing?
It's not just you, it's a bunch of other people?
Other people have done it, but now I'm making it a thing.
What if it's not very funny though?
A lot of people think it is.
So I've got 103 followers now.
Wow.
How come we can't get that many people listening to the show?
Shut up.
Does this show need Lull Effect?
It needs more Mass Effect.
Tell a Mass Effect joke.
Caden.
Get out.
But I've also started doing this other thing that I call Shepherd and Tumblr.
I've done three versions now where one of them is like Shepherd looking at Tumblr on
a data pad.
And I've exploded it now to where Shepherd was looking at pictures of cats on Google.
And then I have another one where Shepherd's looking at Grumpy Cat.
It's actually one of the last ones I posted on Mass Effect.
And that's what people post on Tumblr.
Pictures of Shepherd looking at cats.
But that's on Mass Effect because most of Tumblr is built off of Lull Cats and the Grumpy
Cat.
So I did a Grumpy Cat one.
And tits.
And tits.
I found the funniest one because I also reblog a lot of funny fan comics.
And one of them is Tali saying, Shepherd, grab my boobs, and it's broship going honk.
And then it's flying off in the air going pilgrimage.
That's pretty much Tumblr in a nutshell.
So that's what I've been doing.
Oh, that and politics, but whatever.
SSU 100, Matt, you disappoint me.
You need to finish Mass Effect 3.
You do it with the extended cut.
So I've also been doing that and trying to get back into limbo, but I've just really
been busy.
I start school this week and my class is all online.
But hey, if anyone wants me to design them a website, I can do it for school credit.
All right.
So J-links remembered the show I was trying to think of.
Endurance.
Thank you, Tigerclaw.
Endurance was the name of Survivor for kids.
It was on NBC and then moved to Discovery Kids and I had the kids all split up into
teams and it was just, you know, they did all this.
Who could survive the longest before their bedtime?
Moving on.
I just had to put that to rest, that discussion from earlier.
All right, Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was OK.
I played a few things that some new things, I guess.
I tried out the MOGA with the free game that came with it.
The what is it, Modern Combat 4, you know, the complete rip off of Call of Duty by Gameloft.
It was OK.
I'm not a huge fan of the MOGA controller, like the first one they put out.
Their new one that they showed at CES, the one that's full size, I think it'll be a little
bit better because, once again, it's kind of like the Vita controls.
It's cool that they have dual analog sticks and stuff, but it's just not the same as like
a console controller.
It's a little bit cramped, I guess.
But it worked all right and it was kind of fun until my wife said, what the hell are
you doing?
We went over to her parents' house and she's like, well, you should bring something to
do.
I'm like, OK.
So I brought something to do.
And of course, she did not, even though she asked me to.
And so I brought that and she's like, is that a controller for your phone?
Are you addicted to games or something?
You have that so that it's easier to play games on your phone?
I'm like, yeah, because I got it for free.
And yes, it is easier to play games like that on my phone.
It's not bad.
It's pretty cool.
If I want to play a game like that, it's a hell of a lot better than virtual sticks and
stuff on the actual screen.
So it worked out pretty cool.
What else did they play?
Oh, yeah.
More Skyrim on Steam with all my mods in there, although I'm going to start having to scale
back on some of those mods, because I'm running into crashing problems where it'll just dump
me for no apparent reason.
I can't build a forge at my house in Hearthfire because, I don't know, it just will crash
for no reason.
I'm not really sure why, but it's only one to build a forge.
And just some other weird stuff.
Like there's one I have.
It's called Midas Magic, which adds a bunch of different magic spells that they created
for the game.
The problem is, they have this thing that you put items in to craft these spells in
the Riverwood Trader, and when it creates a spell, the spell book is marked as steel.
And so you can't get the book without pissing everybody off.
And so the first spell I got, I'm like, okay, I'm going to turn invisible, I'm going to
sneak, and be invisible, and I'm going to grab the spell really quick, use the spell,
and then maybe they won't notice anything.
Nope, they all tried to murder me instead.
Which I mean, it's just a minor inconvenience because none of them can actually kill me,
but I just don't want to have to kill them, because that would be terrible, all these
quests I'll miss because I'm going to have to go kill all of them.
Then other games I played, I played one of the other games I backed on Kickstarter, the
Gianna Sisters game.
Oh yeah, how is that?
I have that from the Steam sale, still waiting to be played.
It's pretty cool actually, I do enjoy it.
Played it with an Xbox 360 controller, and it's a pretty awesome platformer.
I'm digging it, I tried it for a little bit and I was like, eh, I don't really want to
play this anymore, so I went back to Skyrim, but I liked it, I thought it was a pretty
cool game.
And then a new game I played on consoles this week, Forza Horizon, actually got into that
a bit.
Welcome to the cult of Forza Horizon, congratulations.
So I played that a bit, and it's fun.
First order of business is I drove on all the roads so I can get that achievement, and
I hit all the signs, so now I get free upgrades.
Did you look online to see where all the signs were?
No.
Oh, while you were driving?
Yeah, I was driving all the roads.
I haven't even done that yet.
There was a couple that I couldn't find right away, and then I was like, okay, looking at
the map and kind of, okay, there's probably something right here, I mean it's pretty obvious
where they're hiding some of them.
What did you think of the whole introduction and the setup, though?
Did you have the same reaction I did, where it's like, these rich spoiled brats?
Like, that was my reaction.
Not even that, but there's some things that are annoying me about it.
It's like, I'll still get radio chatter where it's like, hey, did you see that such a such
person has those signs out there, and if you hit them you'll get this guy like, I fucking
know because I hit all of them already, you stupid bitch.
I don't need you telling me this over and over again.
Or like, you know.
I think it's just randomized, Logan, it's not that serious.
Yeah, I understand, but they should shut that off if you've hit all the signs, or if you
know you hit a couple of signs, you should, they should shut that off.
Are you really gonna razz the game because some radio lady didn't know you hit all the
signs?
Well then, and also like, hey, hey, you haven't shown up to my wonderful showcase event, and
it's like, do you not like making money?
I mean, it's like, fucking stop bothering me, you stupid bitch, I don't wanna do your
fucking event.
I don't wanna race a, it's like, dude, like, and then the radio answer's hilarious, like,
he's all, dude, they have an event where you race a hot air balloon.
I'm sorry, but if I heard of like, this event I could go to to watch a car race a hot air
balloon, that'd be fucking boring, because hot air balloons are not fast.
It's a fun race, have you done the race yet?
Yes, I did the race, but hot air balloons are not known for their speed, okay?
It's just a hot air balloon.
Despite your snark, how do you really feel about the game?
It's alright.
It's a great game, it's like kind of Burnout Paradise Light, I guess, you know, that's
pretty much it.
You need to play some online, it's fun.
I'm sure it is.
One of these nights, we're gonna fill up a race with all VOG people, that's gonna be
interesting.
And I'll probably still get last place.
Well, I had to go into multiplayer to do some of my, the speed trap things, because fucking
caravan, like, always being from, goddamn minivan, just like, there, like, I'm flying
over the hill, like, four, like, you know, 160 miles an hour, goddamn minivan right there,
like, every time, just like some stupid, like, Volkswagen Beetle or something, it's just
like, boom!
So what, you, you go into the world Rome mode with other people?
You don't do racing?
By myself.
Oh.
Well, no, I have been doing racing.
I haven't really been racing too much at the events, because I did, I did a lot of the
challenges and I got, you know, money from that, and then I bought some cars, and then
I, I said, hey, I'm gonna go beat everybody's scores on these things, and so I did that
for a lot of it, and kept racing back and forth, so I'm a Lamborghini.
A sitting vampire in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, racing a hot air balloon?
The hell?
Yep, that's a thing.
You race airplanes too.
Airplanes and apparently a helicopter, according to the radio, but I haven't done that yet.
Airplanes thing, man, some of that stuff pisses me off, because those cars handle, like,
crap.
Or like, I don't know, hey, let's race this Lamborghini on a dirt track, I mean, that
doesn't make any sense, or, or some of the ones where they're like, I want you to show
off for the people, and you have to do these cool, you know, you have to get, like, twenty
eight thousand points by driving down the street, it's like, how the fuck do I do that?
Have you played a lot with the customization mode?
Brad from Pod Culture in our chat room reminding us the creation mode in Forza is fantastic.
It is very good.
I don't know if you've played around a lot with the, like, you know, decal making and
all that.
Yeah, I have, I mean.
Oh, yeah, you made, like, an Orange Lodge radio car, didn't you?
Yeah, I have an Orange Lodge radio car.
That's nice.
Well, I haven't finished it yet, but I've got that started.
So Bobby made a VoG car, you made an OLR car, I think Brad made a Pod Culture car, we need
to, like.
I have to have a garis car.
You could do, you could make a garis car, probably.
Is it interesting how to do it, I mean, it's a lot of just, you have to manipulate the
shapes that they give you to make stuff.
I bet somebody else already made, I know there's N7 cars all over the place, that's easy.
Someone made a Tali car, but it wasn't very good.
But actually, like, instead of just, like, writing out Orange Lodge radio, I actually
pulled out my old business card, which is completely useless now since the phone number
and websites are all incorrect.
But I actually recreated the logo that was on there using just boxes.
Very cool.
All right, anything else for your gaming week?
I, uh, Call of Duty, I'm sure I played a little bit of that in Borderlands.
I think we restarted Borderlands on true Vault Hunter mode, and we're kind of back up to
where we were before, when we first started playing co-op, but I was kind of pissed off
at that because I tried, you know, we were trying to go back into the game and do all
the side missions and the original difficulty, and it's like, hey, you've unlocked this true
Vault Hunter mode, do you want to do that now?
I'm like, yeah, sure, whatever, let's bump up the difficulty and, you know, we can go
back there and it's like, well, if you decide to, you can change it later on in these settings
or whatever.
I'm like, okay, can't find the settings anywhere for that, and now that I'm in true Vault Hunter
mode, my game restarted, except I have all my weapons and, like, I'm still level, you
know, 50, but it's still annoying, I was like, god damn, I, you know, I was gonna do all
these side missions, now I just have to do them in this, now, I guess, it'll be a little
bit harder.
So I haven't downloaded any of the DLC, and I probably won't, maybe, you know, because
my friend's playing with me and I don't want to buy two copies of them, so that would be
annoying.
All right, is that it?
That's it.
Um, not a whole lot of new stuff, in fact, revisiting old stuff.
As far as new stuff goes, there's some iOS games, um, Final Fantasy All the Bravest,
a lot of you guys have been reading about this on the internet, it's kind of controversial.
I don't want to spoil my thoughts too much, because I actually wrote them down for a VoG
article that I'm going to post tomorrow after all the podcasts go up, uh, with some other
articles, there's some content going up next week.
Promises, promises.
Yeah, I know.
Uh, but, uh, yeah, Final Fantasy All the Bravest, um, interesting, that's all I'm going to say,
for now.
Stay tuned.
Uh, but I will talk a little more in depth about Temple Run 2.
Sequel to Temple Run, which, uh, has inspired a lot of knockoffs and so forth.
Temple Run 2 looks gorgeous on my iPad 3 Retina, I gotta say, for a free game.
Uh, Temple Run's a really great time killer, and, uh, it's funny because this game gets
compared to Pitfall and back and forth when the two games are kind of ripping each other
off.
I would say Pitfall, uh, and I'm talking about the iOS remake of Pitfall, not, or re-imagining
of Pitfall, let's be real, not the classic, classic Atari game.
Um, Pitfall really, the re-imagining really jacked a lot from the original Temple Run,
but it is kind of neat that Temple Run 2 also kind of went the route of the mine cars and
so forth.
I think it looks really good, uh, and it's, uh, addicting to play, and, and they kind
of changed the, you know, freemium elements of it, and it's, it's a little more compelling
than Pitfall, in my opinion.
So yeah, Temple Run 2, good times.
Um, otherwise, as far as, like, PC and consoles go, not a lot of new stuff.
I have Assassin's Creed 3 from the rental company ready to play, but I didn't get around
to it this weekend, so I'm gonna check that out during the week this week.
Um, and I did play World of Warcraft, of course, had an epic Civilization 5 match again on
Saturday night.
Uh, this time, it was myself and four other people were playing, so it was five of us
playing Civ 5, and, uh, we started, I think, around 8 o'clock.
I went to bed at 3.30, and we weren't even close to being done, so yeah, no, no VoG people,
unfortunately, this time.
I know we've been talking about, like, Bobby and I have been trying to play for a while,
and it just hasn't happened yet.
Um, but yeah, some of my, uh, IRL friends were all playing, and it was, it was a lot
of fun.
But the hilarious part is that I'm pretty much on an island all by myself.
I'm in, like, an Australia place all by myself with one computer opponent, and they are all
on another little continent, and they're just, they're all killing each other, so I'm
just like, okay, I'm happy here in my little arctic paradise, whatever, have fun.
All right, um, other games I've played this week, um, I went back, kicking it old school
on my 3DS, playing a DS game.
I've been playing Pokemon Pearl, because ever since that X and Y trailer came out, I'm like,
that looks really good.
Like, finally, they've got the Pokemon games looking like the cartoon series, like, it
took them long enough.
So I've kind of decided to go back and look at the older games in an effort to collect
Pokemon to transfer to X and Y at some point, so, you know, why not?
So I've got very far, but I have about three, four hours logged on Pokemon Pearl.
No particular reason I picked that one, that just happens to be the one that I had in my
collection from, like, years ago, so, and I never really got very far in it, so I'm
rediscovering it all over again.
There you go.
Um, so, yeah, wow, Civ, Pokemon, I guess that's really about it.
Nothing else to share for now.
Some random XBLA games here and there, but nothing worth talking in depth about.
So let's move on into housekeeping tonight.
You can, of course, always visit us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O-L-R, and you can also
visit us on Facebook, facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, and, again, I would encourage
you as well to check out the Voice of Geeks Network at vognetwork.com and support some
of the other shows that are on the network.
We got a lot of great shows throughout the week that play on the network, and encourage
you to check that out.
Also since I brought up Twitter, I wanted to talk about this real quick, somebody had
sent me a tweet the other day, and I thought this was a pretty neat, like, cause I wanted
to bring up, and sometimes people will tweet us at O-L-R and say, hey, please retweet this,
but remember, if your account is private, we can't retweet, like, the retweet button
is actually disabled.
So this was one of these things where somebody tweeted, it was, the Twitter handle is UnlimitedOneUps,
tweeted us, and said, hey, retweet this.
So I can't retweet it, so I'll do something a little different.
I will plug it here on the show, cause I think this is a really great cause.
It's called presspaws.org, but it's press P-A-W-S, like doggy paws and kitty paws.
I thought this was great, cause obviously, Orange Launch Radio, we've had a lot of, you
know, loved pets pass away this past year, unfortunately, it's very tragic.
So what better time to bring up something like this?
The website presspaws.org, saving animals with art and video games, and they're actually
doing this whole little gallery, February 9th at Gallery Nucleus, which I believe's
in the Chicago area, question mark?
So it's not really here, let me actually, actually now I'm curious where this is at.
I think the Twitter person was in the Chicago area, so I didn't see this, let me see real
quick.
Sorry guys, I like literally just brought it up.
Oh no, this is in the LA area, my bad, this is in Alhambra.
So that's really cool, it's in the LA area, and yeah, I think they hit their goal already
of 3,000 to, you know, raise the money and everything, but yeah, check out the website.
It's cute.
Look at all the doggies with the question mark blocks and the goombas and wearing the
Luigi hats.
There need to be more kitties.
There's another doggie, there aren't, there really aren't a lot of kitties here, are there?
There's one.
There's a kitty.
Yeah.
Definitely don't know your target audience on the internet.
Well, I thought it was cute and worth a shout out, so there you go.
It is cute, very good, and Tigerclaw reposted it in the chat room.
Thank you.
I wanted to mention something too real quick about my gaming week that I forgot to mention.
Wars of Horizon, love, love, love that Horizon base arena station on there.
Oh yeah, yeah, they've got some good music in the game.
Yeah, a lot of them, you know, a lot of them are actually songs I listened to already in
the car, but make a new CD for my car.
Yeah.
Although, although I have to say, what the fuck is Blue Monday by New Order doing on
that goddamn station?
It makes no fucking sense.
Why the fuck not?
Because it's not, it's not, it's not a base on, New Order belongs everywhere, if it was,
if it was the New Order remix that was in Blade or something, yes, that would totally
fit with that station, but New Order, it just, it doesn't, that would be perfect like on
the rock station or something.
Maybe your base just isn't high enough.
It doesn't have a lot of base in it, it's Blue Monday, I mean, come on.
At least it's not that horrible remake that was done a couple, oh my god, it was probably
about 10 years ago.
Yeah, and those guys were assholes and said, well, our version's better.
In hell.
Alright.
In nowhere.
Alright, uh, let's move on.
Let's get into gaming news and talk about what's been going on in the video game world
this week with you guys commenting and participating live, live.vognetwork.com.
If you are listening to the podcast, you can always email us, mailbag at orangelandrater.com
or tweet us or what have you.
Let's get into the news, Loki.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about Nintendo and it's kind of interesting that
they decided to go ahead and merge their handheld and console divisions, which I hope that this
means that we're going to see a lot more kind of stuff that we used to have with even
like the GameCube and the Game Boy Advance and stuff like that where you see a lot of
synergy between the console versions and the portables like, you know, tying into each
other like, hey, you can unlock crap from the console version if you plug in your system
or whatever.
Maybe we see something like that with the 3DS and, you know, the Wii U or something
like that, some sort of cross connectivity with some games or something, that'd be pretty
awesome or, you know, better console games, I guess, on handhelds or, or I don't know,
maybe because the Wii U is almost like a 3DS anyways, just tied to a TV.
So yeah, I was going to say, I thought this was going to go more along your joke about
how the Wii U is just basically a DS without hinges.
It pretty much is.
Although we should add hinges, we should just like hinge it to the TV, clamp, clamp the
game pad to the TV, there you go, done.
You know, actually, if you, well, I was going to see if there was a way to get like an external
monitor or something like that.
They should make that an external monitor that clips to your game pad that makes it
like a 3DS.
It's like, okay, I got the screen up here and yeah, I'm kind of thing.
Well, let me read this next story because the two kind of go hand in hand.
Maybe I want to talk about if, if the two go hand in hand or what it can mean.
And it's a report going around about the Wii U game sales.
Apparently the game sales are actually lagging behind the Wii and the GameCube.
Please note the keyword there.
It is the game sales.
Analyst Doug Kreutz of a Cohen and company is interpreting the software sales totals
for the November to December period were 43% lower than software sales for the Wii and
50% lower than those for the GameCube.
Ouch.
But then again, you know, the Wii U, I don't, I mean, even though a lot of people are like,
Wii U has got the biggest launch lineup ever and it's got all these games.
I mean, the reality is a lot of those games were already played by people a long time
ago and I don't think they were as exciting.
And especially alongside the Wii lineup, the original Wii, you know, you had a lot, a lot
more like everybody had to have Zelda.
And I think on the Wii U you get a lot of people that have to have Mario, but I think
people don't feel like they need to get much else.
Yeah.
Or let's say you own multiple consoles and say you're buying Call of Duty.
Are you going to buy the comp or buy Call of Duty for the console that you just got
that maybe your friends don't have yet or you can buy it for the one that your friends
are already on or, you know, you know, like you put and put out there.
I mean, there's a lot of games are just stuff that was either released slightly earlier
or at the same time.
I mean, it's not a lot of really exclusive new stuff.
And one of the big new exclusive games, Nintendo land was included with the console and most
people bought anyways.
Yeah, but Wii Sports was included with the Wii, which was an even bigger deal.
So I, I, but, but it, that's true it was, but this is also being sold alongside of it
as well.
I mean, that's got to hurt.
In fact, every week came with Wii Sports.
So there was no like, you know, double ski.
Well, in the beginning anyway, we came with Wii Sports, but, um, I don't know.
I just, there's not a lot of original games I think for right now.
Now to be fair, one thing that is pointed out is that, um, you know, e-shop downloads
don't get included in the NPD numbers.
So if people are buying games online, which they might've done over the holiday season
because they don't want to be caught in the mall, those numbers don't count.
I don't think that's as big of a factor as people are making it out to be.
I personally have a real hard time plunking down 50 bucks for a game with nothing tangible.
It's different when it's like 10, 15, you know, that's about 20 is about as high as
I go.
Perfect example, earth defense force 2017 portable, sigil only.
I was kind of staring at the screen cause I booted up my PSP or my vita, my vita this
week.
And I was like, you know, I was just looking at him like, do I really want to spend, no,
I'm not buying this for $40 that is too fucking expensive for digital download.
Sorry.
I forgot.
I totally forgot to talk about wake up club, but I'll get to that in part B.
But see, I spent more than a cost, well Dan did anyway, more than the cost of a Wii on
my graphics card.
And I can get games that play better, look better, and I can mod to hell and back.
Oh, you're going to be one of those people that are like PC gaming above all else.
To be honest, to be honest, I think PC gaming these days is really beating out the consoles.
I think that now people are starting to realize that you're getting a bit more of your money's
worth out of a PC gaming, I mean, except it's not yes and no.
Some games just don't run as smooth as they do on consoles because a lot of games are
optimized for the consoles, you know, because again, PCs all have that varying equipment,
which can make a difference.
But you know, consoles, everybody's got the same thing.
So a lot of times, you know, what works on the console doesn't necessarily work on PC.
I'm not, I mean, look at my gaming week.
I play World of Warcraft and Civ V. I'm not knocking PC gaming by any means, but I think
there's room at the table for both.
But I just think at this point, given the limitations with the Wii U software base,
and honestly that you're not getting anything really new out of it except for that little
controller, that my money was better spent on my graphics card.
Ross Deal UT in chat says, considering how low the Wii U storage is, I doubt that, talking
about the downloads, 32 gigs isn't a lot of space.
Yeah, that's an issue too.
I mean, granted, you can add your own drive to the system.
You know, they were touting that.
It's too early to really see the impact of that, I think.
You know, maybe when there's more desirable stuff, you know, we talked about how the Wii
U eShop is very indie friendly and we anticipate there's going to be a lot of good stuff that
comes in throughout the year.
I think it's still too early to gauge if a lot of people are actually doing that or not.
Now Ross Deal UT in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com actually follows up with another good comment
I wanted to read here.
Ross Deal UT actually left PC gaming because of the DRM.
And I got to admit, a lot of the PC games are shooting themselves in the foot when it
comes to DRM.
Not that consoles necessarily do a lot better, but like, you know, the SimCity shit, like
EA's upcoming SimCity game, I'm sorry, I am totally turned off to that game.
And it's because of the DRM.
Diablo 3 pissed a lot of people off.
You know, I think people are finally starting to say, you know what, I think we've hit our
limit with how tied we have to be to the internet.
You know, how much information we have to transmit from our computer on a regular basis
just to play a stupid game.
But it's the play with everybody else.
I mean, it's totally not because of the DRM, it's the play with everybody else, right?
Yeah.
But people wanted to cheat in SimCity.
Who didn't cheat in SimCity?
Everybody cheats in SimCity.
So why would you design your game to be online all the time so you can't cheat?
Hello?
However, Mass Effect 3, just for example, they wanted it online and they update the
game whenever they want to.
Still hackable, still cheatable.
Well, thankfully the single player multi, but they, they will nail your ass if you cheat
in the multiplayer.
But I'm also not an asshole and won't cheat in multiplayer.
So just saying.
Maybe other people are assholes and like to cheat in multiplayer.
Rama in our chatroom says, there are ways around DRM and for SimCity, I will do just
that.
That is exactly what's going to happen.
And I can't believe EA doesn't realize it.
Like some, somebody in a boardroom needs to get over their ego because just wait before
the game comes out, somebody will have hacked that DRM and we'll have an offline playable
downloadable SimCity.
Wait, that is exactly what will happen.
There's already hacks for just about any game out there.
There's ways to play it without the desk, which I'm actually starting to do with Mass
Effect 2 so that I can run text mod.
I'm just saying, because mine is a Amazon download.
I haven't said the G word.
All right.
So anyway, the point I wanted to get to was going back a story.
You were talking about the console division getting merged with the hardware division.
Could the Wii U's, I don't want to say underwhelming performance, but non overwhelming performance
be contributing to this?
Probably.
I would imagine it would be because they need to kind of figure out how they're going to
recapture the magic and the kind of serious rush for tight product that the Wii had.
I guess I don't really remember too much about the Wii launch.
I just know that the consoles are really hard to get.
I can tell you right now, they're not hard to get.
In fact, we're getting our consoles this early already and not like a year later, like with
the Wii.
That's because they're sitting on shelves.
They are sitting on shelves.
Stacks of them?
Yes.
It's not flying off the shelves and that's got to have them worried.
They don't want to have another 3DS debacle.
The 3DS is in a much better place now.
It is now, but what did that take?
They had to drop the price and put out a lot more games.
Is that what they're going to have to do?
If they have to drop the price of the Wii U within the first year, that's going to look
like double failure on their part.
I don't know anybody that doesn't think the problem with the Wii U right now is the lack
of exclusive games, basically.
Yes, there's an awesome Mario game.
Yes, Nintendo Land is pretty good.
But there's not enough of that.
The 3DS had the exact same problem in the beginning.
Exact same problem with the 3DS.
You had a decent launch lineup, but nothing sustained it.
Now we're getting in this position with the Wii U again, which I know you'll get into
in a minute when we talk about the releases.
It's going to be until next Christmas when we start getting the stuff people really want
to get.
That's the reality.
Well, we don't even know what they have planned beyond, well, I guess, I mean, second quarter
is going to be pretty much stuff that's held over from first quarter.
Nintendo doesn't announce holiday ahead at E3.
They never really have.
I mean, think about it.
Most of the big heavy hitters are always announced at E3.
Other companies don't tend to do that as much.
You might find out about stuff a little earlier, but Nintendo really kind of keeps it until
E3.
Especially with the new Xbox coming out this holiday.
They're going to have to do something.
They're going to have to really do something.
Maybe the console's being merged so that the console people can work on a Wii U game.
Who knows?
I don't know.
Push this button.
Look.
Hey, there's a 3DS hidden inside there.
I bet you didn't know about that.
Womp, womp, womp, womp, womp, womp.
Maybe your whole little theory about the 3DS will soon become another Wii U gamepad.
Maybe that will come to light.
Who knows?
Although I don't think the technology is capable in those 3DSs, but maybe there will be a
3DS XL XL that will do it.
4DS.
4D or whatever.
Yeah.
That will do it.
Who knows?
That's an interesting question.
Do you think the merging of the divisions means something for the next handheld?
I guess anything's possible.
All right, let's move on with more gaming news.
Dark Sakura.
Stupid iPad.
Okay.
So, well, we know that Sony has been losing money left and right, hand over fist.
Well, they would like to make money hand over fist, but they've been losing it.
So now they're actually selling their New York City headquarters for 1.1 billion.
Sony Corp of America.
They're going to be selling it off to the Chetric group, and it's supposed to close
in March.
Now, keep in mind that the company, it cost them, what was it, 770 million in debts that
they're up to right now.
So selling off this money is going to be a big, selling off the building, sorry, is going
to be a huge recoup in lost income.
However, I mean, what they're looking at, I'm not sure exactly what it costs to maintain
the building, but they have a lot of money to make up.
So you take a building, I know land taxes in New York are horrible.
They're crazy.
I used to do property taxes.
Well, we all know New York City is an expensive place to live.
It's no secret.
And so, you know, the buildings there are worth a lot of money.
But I mean, I don't see anything about a relocation of, of business getting a cheaper building,
you know, place that's going to cost us money to maintain.
I mean, for all we know, they could move to Montana.
Can you imagine Sony in Montana?
But they are going to be allowed to remain in the building for up to three years with
the leaseback arrangement.
So it's not like they're moving now.
It's that they're letting the building go.
Pretty much you're giving them the building back to the bank.
We haven't heard anything about like jobs affected or anything.
And also, I think it should be mentioned, I don't, Sony does more than PlayStation.
Let's not forget.
There is a lot at Sony.
You know, not even just TVs, they have a whole motion picture division and music.
And I'm sure I doubt very little PlayStation happens in Sony.
You know, a lot of that is run out of the Bay Area.
We know that.
Well, in Japan for one, and in the Bay Area for the U.S.
Like the video games division for Sony is really, I think, it's decent, but relatively
small potatoes compared to the rest of what they do.
Sure.
Sure.
So, but I'm not surprised to see it go.
I mean, that's way too much expense and it's not even that interesting looking at the building.
But it's in New York City.
It's a big building.
So there's a lot of stuff in New York City.
It doesn't make it cool.
It will be interesting to see who snatches it up.
What?
OK.
Valid question.
Probably some corporation with tons of money and corrupt practices to screw us over with.
Bank of America.
God, fuck Bank of America.
Moving on, Loki.
All right.
So as we were talking about a little bit earlier, lots of games supposed to be coming out this
fourth or first quarter for the Wii U.
Although a lot of them, unfortunately, are just kind of like ports and stuff.
But there are some good stuff.
So let's talk a little bit about some things coming out.
Need for Speed Most Wanted finally coming out to the Wii U in March on the 19th in the
U.S. and or North America and in Europe on the 21st.
Something really special about that.
I don't even really know how they're supposed to, I guess, off screen play mode.
So they're going to have that and then you can use it to select your cars and keeps track
of your records or something like that.
Also bundled, I guess, with the Ultimate Speed Pack, which is some piece of DLC, because
that seems to be kind of the trend there.
One of the games that was supposed to be highly anticipated for the first quarter, Aliens
Colonial Marines, now doesn't really have a firm date.
It's not going to be launching on the 12th with the actual game on the other consoles.
Instead now it's just kind of TBA, you know.
So hopefully that doesn't mean delayed past March, because that would be, you know, it's
another big mature rated game for the console.
The Amazing Spider-Man Ultimate Edition, you know, getting a port of a game that came out
back in June, fantastic, and of course with DLC thrown in there as well.
It's coming out in March, and then two games that were expected the first quarter, the
Game & Wario and Wonderful 101, which, let's be honest here, two first party games, those
aren't really that exciting.
I mean, I know Game & Wario, they didn't really show a whole ton of that, and then the Wonderful
101, sort of like Pikmin.
Now those will begin to release date as far as the first half of 2013, so I will be willing
to bet that that's probably going to be after first quarter.
I think Wonderful 101 has its anticipators.
I think you might be selling it short a little bit there.
It's not going to sell that well.
It's too niche, I'm sorry.
Well, yeah, I think only because maybe the Wii U hasn't, you know, gotten out there as
much as possible.
It doesn't matter, the genre, I think it's going to be too niche.
It's just, it's a niche appeal, I mean, to that.
That's what's going to happen.
And of course, nothing even mentioned yet.
I think Wii Fit U is also supposed to be first half of 2013 as well, so April, May, June,
there you go.
You got your four title, or three titles there.
One title is confirmed though for first quarter, and that's going to be LEGO City Undercover.
That's actually launching on the Wii U in March, on the 3DS in April.
Pretty much the only game that I was actually looking forward to at all.
So there's that.
And then for the 3DS, there's going to be Luigi's Mansion Dark Moon, which is coming
on the 24th of March.
So I want to say, well of course Fire Emblem in February, I want to say though that they
haven't really announced any other 3DS titles, other than Smash Brothers, but that's just
kind of like, hey, we're working on Smash Brothers, but they haven't really announced
anything else for second quarter, first party I think.
Oh, Brain Age Concentration Train, I think that's also February.
Pokemon XY, but that's the end of the year.
Well Pokemon, there's a Pokemon Mystery Dungeon game that's coming out at the end of March
as well.
But yeah, Pokemon XY would be the fourth quarter.
So that's pretty much it, but once again, it's a lot of stuff that's ports, I mean unless
you're, I mean I don't know, I don't know a lot of people would be really anticipating
getting a game like this, unless this is your only console or something, I just don't see
people going, oh I need to get Need for Speed, you know, it's not going to be a really big
thing unless, you know, I mean there are really no racing games aside from Sonic and Sega
All-Stars Racing, so that might be kind of good if you're into that.
But yeah, it's a lot of ports.
So that's the only thing that has me worried, is this isn't going to drive, I mean Lego
City Undercover could drive some console sales because that's a pretty cool looking game,
but it's not, there's no games that really scream, oh my god, I have to get a Wii U now.
Well the Need for Speed thing, I don't think this is coming up on our show, or else I might
be duplicating something, I hope not, but I remember reading something about the whole,
that the Wii U version of Need for Speed will let you do the co-op, where you both drive
and want to use on the gamepad and want to use on the TV, and I got to admit, that's
pretty rad.
You know, that they're able to install like that fully functional two player using the
Wii U, that is something you're not going to see on the other systems.
For what it's worth, I think that's a neat feature.
I'll give that to them I guess, but once again though, it's not like, oh my god, that's really
going to sell it for me, it's just, I don't know, it's sad that Lego City, let's not sell
Lego City undercover that short, I mean it's a pretty awesome looking game, but I just,
I don't know, I don't know if it's really going to be enough.
Alright well moving on to another story, this is not about a Wii U release, but a Wii release,
like you know, basic Wii, which you know, obviously a lot of people still own the Nintendo
Wii, and it's not like your Wii U can't play Wii games, by the way I also transferred all
my data from the Wii to the Wii U this week, it was pretty painless.
So now I can play my virtual console games with the HDMI collection, woo hoo!
But I really wish, sorry I'll get to the story eventually, I need to rant though, I really
wish because this pisses me off that virtual console is too stupid for this, why doesn't
the system know to automatically side letterbox or put into the right aspect ratio the virtual
console games?
Why does it still force them to widescreen?
Why can't it know to script, because I can set it on my TV, sure, but that's such a pain
in the ass, why can't when I boot up Zelda, which is a 4.3 game, like Zelda was not in
widescreen on the NES, why can't it just know, oh, flip the resolution back to 4.3?
Because they didn't program it in, because they cut corners.
Well that's stupid and I hate it.
It's just the same reason why they couldn't reprogram, you know, the emulator to run on
your gamepad.
But that's supposed to be coming, so they're developing it after that.
Oh, that'd be nice that you'd have to buy an enhanced version of the fucking game they
already have.
I, no, that won't be happening.
It won't be happening?
It won't be happening.
Are we absolutely sure of that?
Because I bet it's gonna happen.
It won't be happening.
Look at the virtual console games I have on 3DS, I have not bought anything that wasn't
free or not available, like I have a couple Game Boy games, those weren't available before.
That's it.
Maybe I have maybe two Game Boy games.
I'm just saying, I bet you they're gonna do that kind of crap, because they tried to pull
that shit with, are they still releasing those 3DS games, the retro ones that are in 3D now?
They kind of like say, ah, fuck it.
There's non-3D ones, all the Mega Man games, that was a big deal, remember?
Yeah, I understand that, but are they doing those, remember how they're like Excitebike
and stuff like that?
I don't think there's been one in a while.
There were a few.
They're like, ah, fuck it, no one's buying them, you know.
It was like Xevious and Urban Champion and like all these, you know, interesting ones,
but I haven't seen one in a little while.
Anyhow.
Yeah, I thought, I thought we were gonna get like Zelda and 3D and stuff.
I guess not.
I guess it was too hard.
Anyway, back to what I was originally going to talk about, a Wii game coming out on the
Wii U.
XSeed has decided to bring over Pandora's Tower to the Wii.
Now this is important because this was the last Operation Rainfall, you guys remember
that, those last of the three Op Rainfall games that, you know, Nintendo was never going
to bring over here and then they finally brought out Xenoblade Chronicles, although it had
that horrible, horrible GameStop exclusive thing, but you could order it from Nintendo.com,
whatever.
They, XSeed brought out The Last Story, which did very well for them.
So now XSeed seems to be kind of our champion, that is kind of, didn't you predict that somebody
like them might be the ones that ultimately step up and do this like a while ago?
No.
It's easier Ignition or XS game localization.
So here they go, they're stepping up and putting out Pandora's Tower.
Now it's going to be interesting to see how this does when the Wii U is what's really
being pushed right now, but a lot of folks thought that Last Story, when it got price
cuts 20 bucks, made a great pickup game for people to get with the Wii U, because again,
you know, why not?
You can use the backwards compatibility, very easy.
So, any interest in Pandora's Tower, Loki?
No.
Too late?
I don't play anything on my Wii, and actually it's funny, we booted up the Wii because Nelly
was going to like play some more Animal Crossing.
So I charged, I charged our controllers and...
Animal Crossing.
Sorry, I'm eating.
Animal Crossing is on 3DS.
That's a game coming out.
No.
But it's not dated.
It's out in Japan.
Yeah, that's a fourth quarter game, that's going to be sad that it's gotten that delayed.
I don't think it can be.
It's got to be sooner than that.
Probably, could be a May game.
We'll see.
But I mean, seriously though, we forgot all about it because it was that, you know, highly
anticipated that we completely forgot about the game.
I don't know.
What's it called?
Animal Crossing Jump Out or something like that?
Animal Crossing Jump Out.
No, it's like Animal Crossing, it's the same fucking game on 3DS.
I don't know.
Occupy Nooks.
I wish.
That'd be great.
That would be great.
All right.
Moving on.
More news.
Well, Metal Gear Rising Revengeance.
Now you know that you play as Raiden in that, right?
Well, that's not what Kojima originally wanted, but he did let go of the story writing so
that he could focus on production.
He wanted it to be Gray Fox, who, as we all know from Metal Gear Solid, and he was a character
that had a lot of crap happen to him and a very, very crazy story if you'd followed
the MSX Metal Gear games and, you know, really were a fan of the series.
But he said, no, we're going to let the kids play, and they went Raiden, and they went
hack and slash, so let's go with Raiden.
It would have been so awesome to have a game with Gray Fox, don't you think?
Instead, he gets stepped on by Metal Gear Pooh.
Sad trombone.
You know, it's funny, I actually forgot to mention, I played Anarchy Reigns during my
game week this week, and it was very subpar.
Really?
Which sad me, because I love Platinum Games, and it was just, it was a mess.
It just not set up well at all.
I mean, there's no story, which is fine, I find no story being in there, but it was confusing
on what the hell he had to do, and the gameplay was just kind of like, eh.
It was like, Madworld was so much better.
Why is, you know, Jack having to do this crap?
Jack's fun to play in HD though, it was fun to play as that character, but it's just,
I just didn't know what the fuck was going on.
But I hope that that's not the case with Metal Gear Rising, but I think Metal Gear Rising
looks pretty awesome.
Well, also there was a comment regarding the trailer that might be Metal Gear Solid 5,
The Phantom Pain.
Oh yeah, that thing.
Yeah, Kojima said that he really liked the trailer and the lighting, it was very good.
Oh, you.
Metal Gear Rising Revengeance is gonna be out on February 22nd, so keep your eyes open
if you are interested.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out some games that are coming out very
soon.
There's not much this week.
It's pretty much just Ni No Kuni, Wrath of the White Witch on PS3 this week, which is
not bad.
I mean, it's supposed to be a pretty awesome PlayStation 3 game.
Yeah, I want to check that out, but I don't know about the 60 bucks, though.
I think I might rent it or wait for President.
The reviews have said it's been worth it.
Really?
I mean, they said it's basically, what was the comparison I had?
It was Dragon Quest with all the stuff that you hated from Dragon Quest ripped out of
it.
Huh.
So, you know, that sounds pretty awesome.
The demo didn't convince me.
I didn't hate it like Bobby did, but it didn't convince me.
Although the graphics were great.
The only other thing that's coming out this week is a Sims 3 expansion pack, 70s, 80s,
and 90s stuff.
Do people still play Sims 3?
Somebody must be.
They still have a ton of fucking expansions coming out for the thing, so I don't understand
why.
Go to Ford.
And also, apparently, that's it.
Alright, going to Japan, Hitman Absolution on the Xbox 360.
Yes, this is the Japanese version, making its way out on January 24th, as well as a
game called Instant Brain, but that's a price reduction that was already out before.
That is going into Cave, the best series, because that is a cave game.
Those are the Xbox 360.
Going to the PlayStation 3, things are a little bit bigger over there.
Nobunaga Yoyobu online 10th anniversary box.
I had no idea Nobunaga online was 10 years old, but there you go.
That is out on the PlayStation 3 this week.
Also Hitman Absolution there.
Bleach Soul Ignition getting a price reduction as far as new games go.
Heavy Fire Shattered Spear and Kamisama to Unmekikakume no Paradox in regular and limited
edition and a Famitsu pack limited edition.
That's god something.
I'm trying to see, let's see if this is a game that we know over here.
Oh, hold on, we wouldn't know that from the limited edition art.
Let me look at regular edition.
I'm trying to see if this is a game I recognize at all.
I don't recognize it with the box art.
Oh, it looks like a Disgaea Tactics-y type of game.
Yeah, it's a Tactics game.
I bet it's based on anime or something.
With maids.
Some of you in chat will know.
Well, of course.
Yeah.
Somebody in chat, I bet, knows more about that.
Mag.
Remember Mag?
Is also getting a price reduction.
Goes into PlayStation 3 the best.
Again, those are Japanese releases.
Look at the handhelds really quick.
On the PlayStation Vita, pretty busy week actually, Demon Gaze.
Yankai Totsuki Monster Monpiece, as well as Sakurosou no Pet no Kanojo.
I'm assuming that's a pet sim game.
All on the Vita.
I don't know.
It sounds about little girls.
On the Wii U, nothing.
No more Wii U games until January 31st is the next one.
On the Nintendo 3DS, however, ooh, also nothing.
Nothing really on the 3DS.
Nintendo has very little activity over there until February 7th is the Dragon Quest VII
remake.
I'm sure a lot of people will be very excited about that on the 3DS, which I can't imagine
they won't bring that over here.
Nintendo's having a nap.
Maybe a little bit.
So there you go.
Those are your Japanese releases.
Well, we only have two things for the UK.
On the 24th, we have Strike Suit Zero and the 25th Devil May Cry.
Ah, yes.
Devil May Cry.
That came out this week.
Yeah.
I want to check it out.
I do.
All right.
A couple more news stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week.
Up first.
Loki.
All right.
So let's talk about Majesco.
Now, Majesco is, I would say, not long for this world anymore.
And they've, you know, definitely had some problems.
The company experienced a loss of 2.7 million as compared to, I guess, the 3.9 million loss
the previous year.
And they said the revenues are up to 132.3 million, but concluded with a net income of
4.6 million down 2 million from last year.
And let's be honest here, Majesco, they don't have a lot of games that they release anymore.
Cookie Mama is not selling like it used to.
Their last say, need investing mama, right?
Was that the joke you made on Twitter?
I don't remember.
But I mean, come on.
This is the company that decided that, hey, NBA Baller Beats is a good idea.
So really, I mean, looking forward to what they have, they've only really got, they have
the Young Justice license.
So they've got that game coming out at the end of February.
But I mean, Majesco is not one of those companies that puts out these really huge AAA games
anymore.
They just don't.
And so it is kind of risky for them, because if these kind of non AAA titles don't sell
well, then it kind of sucks for them.
I mean, maybe Zumba is not selling as well as it used to, because I know they have Zumba.
That's their kind of big license right now.
But I don't know.
No Zumba for the Wii U, I guess.
So I mean, that's what's hurting them.
So you talking about that made me look, I'm like, how much is NBA Baller Beats right now?
Thirty four bucks on Amazon.
Not going to fucking buy it.
That's the game with the basketball.
I am sitting here going, I bet I could pry that one from my boss.
He's still got it in the packaging at his work.
It's just sitting there because it's about to bring it over.
Let's do some live gameplay stream.
Who wants to watch League of Legends when you can watch NBA Baller Beats?
Come on.
Uh, we'll get Dark Soccer to play one.
We'll call it two white guys play NBA Baller Beats.
I'll play.
There we go.
There are no ballers and no beats.
White men can't baller or beats.
Plenty of white guys can beat.
All right.
And then, of course, their stock closed down under one dollar.
They're down the 75 cents.
So hey, if you think they're going to make a comeback, maybe it's something to buy some
Majesco stock.
75 cents.
That's not bad.
I wish it was much easier to just go online and buy some stock because I think it'll be
fun to just go buy like, you know, 10 shares of Majesco just to say like, hey, I own part
of Majesco.
And then at the next shareholder meeting, you know, we can hold whoever accountable
came up with NBA Baller Beats, although supposedly the game is fun.
I should knock it.
I haven't really played it.
So they're going to try football one next.
I don't know how that would even work.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Launch Radio on Vogue Network
dot com, use the passphrase yogurt.
All right.
Uh, one more story here.
This is about the next PlayStation controller.
You know, we had some rumors about this already, but now there's good.
There's more rumors.
No, no, no.
That's good.
They're just using this to illustrate the whole story.
It is not the boomerang.
People.
It is not the boomer.
It's coming back like a boomerang.
But well, remember, remember when the boomerang thing was for the PlayStation three and everybody
was like, no, that could have been comfortable.
Who knows?
I'm actually like, I mean, it looks so ridiculous.
So bad, you know, it looks so ridiculous, but maybe it was comfortable.
I mean, I don't know.
It doesn't look like it would be very comfortable to me.
Well, whatever.
It's gone.
Okay.
But now.
Okay.
So we've heard about this move thing that might like actually be like a transformer
and won't won't won't into the controller, right?
But that's not what the latest rumors are, apparently, uh, according to a senior game
studio in a conversation with CVG, uh, Sony is going to mix up the dual shock design.
There's going to be biometric sensors on the grips and an LCD touch screen because,
you know, that's, that's what everything's got to have now is a fricking touch screen.
Um, apparently they are trying to emulate the same user interface philosophies as the
PlayStation Vita.
Look, I like the Vita and all.
Okay.
The touch screen's cool.
The two analog sticks are cool, but the rear touch pad, let it go.
Stop trying to make rear touch pad happen.
Stop.
Don't you understand that reaching around is like, you know, it has some bad connotations
to that.
I mean, it's just even in DJ max, people who really like reaching around, even in DJ max,
which I think does it better than most of the Vita games.
Like I'm just like, turn it off, turn it off, turn it off.
Anyhow, I can get, I thought for a second there, there were, instead of, you know, leading
up to, Oh yeah, we're doing all the, we're mimicking the control interface of the Vita.
It was going to be, we're maybe in the control interface of the Wii U.
I mean, cause that's basically, it's like, ah, we can't think of anything to do.
So we're going to try to emulate Nintendo because we think they're, we don't even know
if that stuff's going to even take off on the Wii U.
I mean, it's just, and I thought the whole thing is you wanted to push the Vita because,
Hey, the Vita could be a second screen for these consoles or something.
You need a reason to sell these things.
Now, let's not say this would be a pretty awesome thing if they decide, Hey, the next
gen console, it is going to be the Wii U that's going to be, or yeah, it is going to be Wii

No, it's going to be the Vita that they throw into the box.
Like it comes with a Vita, you've got a Vita and you've got the PlayStation four, boom,
right there, portable.
And you know, you've got your console and you can take your controller when you go.
I mean, cause I'm wrong.
I bet it'd be pretty awesome if you could take that Wii U game tablet and stream games
from a wifi spot somewhere else in the world.
Kinda already do with the PlayStation three and the PSP for God's sake.
Yeah.
So wouldn't it be kind of awesome if you could do that or if you could, you know, play virtual
console games on there, you can take that.
I mean, it's a little bit big, but come on PS one classics and PS two classics, I'm talking
about like the Wii U I'm just saying, you know, wouldn't it be awesome if you could
do that with the Wii U controller?
Um, you know, like, and again, it's pretty big, but people carry tablets around, so why
not?
All right.
Regardless of whether this current rumor is factor crap or whatever, do you, how do you
feel about them redesigning the dual shock for all practical purposes at the point we're
at now throwing out the six axis and everything, you know, the PlayStation three controller
you get now is a very tiny evolution from the original PlayStation controller.
I mean, really, I mean, granted.
Okay.
I guess the analog sticks came a little later.
The very, very first PlayStation controllers didn't have them, but still the, the, the
core of that controller has not changed that much since the beginning.
It's like, if it's, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
I mean, seriously, I, I like the design now.
So how do you feel about biometric sensors?
I don't give a shit.
I think it's honestly, I'll stick with my PC gaming regardless.
I think it's gonna be a gimmick if biometric sensors are on the six axis.
Um, yeah, it is a gimmick, but you know, it's a gimmick that also a lot of cell phone games
and a lot of stuff, you know, uses, uh, yeah, no one really uses six axis anymore, but even
like, it seems like a lot of the stuff that Sony has been doing lately has just been to
kind of mimic, I mean, cause even with the, we, everybody got into the emotion gaming
right after the, we, Oh yeah, we've been working on the move controller since, you know, a
long time ago.
You know, come on.
It just, it never took off.
And now, you know, some of these patents that we see look really ridiculous.
I mean, no one's going to fucking strap move controllers to your feet and do like a flip
kick in your goddamn living room.
No, it's going to do that.
So they need to come up with a new, they need to come up with something new.
They need to come out with the wow factor.
Cause if you're fucking emulating someone else or doing the same shit you're doing now,
no one's going to care.
No one's going to be like, why do I have to buy this?
I can already fucking do that now.
That's really what it comes down to is the wow factor.
That's what's going to sell your console.
All right.
Let's travel back in time to a time when you know what?
The controller, it was a stick and a button and you liked it.
That's it.
One stick, one button.
Hey, we have more buttons for this one.
All right.
Maybe this game isn't quite that old, but it's still a classic.
So let's dive into the gaming vault where dark soccer is going to pick out an oldie
moldy video game and say, Hey, play it.
Cause it's cool.
You probably forgot about it.
It is a cool one.
And probably not many people have seen it.
Um, the classic game, um, in Japan was called, um, Zexex.
I think I'm pronouncing it right.
Cause it's X E X E X over here.
We had it as Oreos.
It was, uh, it came out in 1991, a side schooling shooting game, and it was actually really
unique for its time.
Uh, Konami was really influenced by a lot of stuff that, um, Irem put out.
It actually has the influences from R-Type, which everyone knows R-Type is among one of
my favorite games.
And, um, the tentacle mechanics that came from X-Multiply, it did not at all get a home
release until it came out with Salamander portable that came out on the PSP, which,
um, somebody in this room enabled me to get that game for my husband.
Thank you, Loki.
Um, it actually, it's, it's really, really an amazing shooter.
Um, it had some, um, really, um, interesting, um, mechanics.
Um, what happened with this one, like I said, it's similar to R-Type and X-Multiply.
You play a ship called the flintlock that has this detachable orb called a flint and
it acts sort of like, um, R-Type's force.
Um, so you can get power ups to, uh, uh, boost, uh, Flint's power, your movement, your, uh,
changing your weapon, increase your life count.
But, um, there are a bunch of changes that came out though in the non-Japanese versions.
Um, some of them being, they removed all but one of the upgradable weapons and they changed
the enemy patterns.
Um, for different weapons, um, in, in the US, um, there was only the proton laser.
Um, in the Japanese version, you start with a proton laser and then you get a homing laser,
a shadow laser, a round laser, a spiral laser, which is a lot like the Gradius ripple, um,
a search laser that's a kind of like a homing laser and a ground laser.
It's very similar to, um, the, uh, the fire one that would travel across the floor from R-Type.
And so basically the story of the game, you have to save the princess named Irene from
the East, uh, from the planet East Square from an evil dude named Klaus.
And there's different cut scenes and she's crying for help and she's tortured.
And so you have to, um, basically, uh, go through the game and there's naked people
in the ending of the game, just saying.
But, but the big thing about, um, Zexix that I thought was really
amazing and Rob, you can see this right in front of you, is, um, the level design.
I mean, for 1991, I mean, this, the backgrounds look like shit right out of Tron.
I mean, seriously, you've got, uh, very.
Well, I like the little tentacle shots.
The thing does like it shoots out of these little 10.
I actually had never really heard of this game.
So Zexix is a really, I definitely see the Gradius inspired-ness in it, but, um,
but a lot of the, the use of the flint is definitely like using the Force and R-Type.
Um, the game is actually pretty challenging.
It's a really difficult game.
And, um, I thankfully got to play, um, a copy, uh, a while back off of the Supergun.
Um, so this was ages ago.
I mean, this is actually a game that I don't know if it's, um, if they've gotten it to
work on MAME yet, I'd have to check because Zexix is like, it's seriously one of the classics
when it comes to, to shooters.
It's not a bullet hell, definitely by any means, but it requires a lot of steady, um,
movement, a lot of, uh, really good reflex to make your way through it.
And it's just an amazing game.
So I would say, um, unfortunately, the only way to get ahold of it for any type of home
version is getting the, um, PSP version.
It's, uh, again, under the, um, Salamander portable, uh, and it's also, you can find
this really inexpensive for PSP.
It didn't cost a lot.
I think when I bought it new, it was like 30 bucks and that's, you know, an import.
And of course there's no region lockout on the PSP.
So the chatters are saying it is in MAME.
If you want to, if you want to turn to the dark side of the internet where everybody
left, well, I haven't touched anything on MAME in ages.
Dan and I are probably going to be making a new cab soon, but, um, but seriously, if
anyone loves shooting games and especially if you're a fan of Konami shooters and love
Irem shooters, you really owe it to yourself to play this one.
ZEC6 is a great game.
And that's it.
All right.
There it is.
Your classic game of the week.
ZEC6.
Over here it was called Orius.
Or Orius.
If you happen to find an arcade cab of it, take a picture of it for me, please.
All right.
We are going to come back after a quick break here with more of Orange Lounge Radio, including
a game we've talked about a bit here on Orange Lounge Radio, finally official this week.
We're going to talk about Disney Infinity when we come back with more of Orange Lounge
Radio right after this.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live with the 490th episode of our program
for this January the 20th of 2013.
I hope those of you guys that have an extended weekend here in the States make the most of
it.
Let's let us not forget, though, the memory of Martin Luther King Jr.
The reason why we have the weekend.
In fact, I was going to play the I have a dream speech during the break tonight, but
it's like 18 minutes, which is a little bit long for a break.
But I encourage you all, you know, just as a little reminder of, uh, you know, what we've
been through, uh, take a listen to it.
Uh, also, uh, I wanted to talk getting back to games a little bit.
I promised, um, at the start of Part B because I forgot to talk about this during my gaming
week.
I want to talk about Wake Up Club on the PlayStation Vita.
Have you guys heard about this game?
And I use that term very loosely.
Have you guys have you guys heard that a game at all or play they played that game?
Heard about it?
Anybody know?
Okay, so I downloaded it today.
Did you have you checked it out at all?
No.
Okay.
It's this app for the PlayStation Vita, and it basically, you know, you can choose, you
know, from these different skins that are alarm clocks or whatever, like, um, you know,
like a motor storm background or a journey background or whatever.
And, you know, you can do the little alarm clock, but what you do is that when you're
on the clock, you tell it what time you want to get up or whatever you put it to sleep.
And then what happens is in the morning, it goes off, beep, beep, beep or whatever.
And you have to actually tap your icon, which is moving around the screen.
You have to tap it.
And that signals to it that you've woken up.
Now, what happens is that you've been paired up with 12 people who are getting up the same
time issue.
And so once you wake up, you can basically tap other people and it will send, I guess
it sends noises to their Vita.
I don't, I've always been the first one up, so I don't know what happens, but like, I
guess you tap the other icons and actually sends like voices to their Vita and tries
to get them up.
So it's like this whole like social network game.
Wake up.
Exactly.
Wake up.
Wake up.
So calling it a game is a little weird.
It's more of an app, but I got to say like taunted all you want, but the gamification
of an alarm clock is a pretty neat idea.
I've got to say.
And why, especially this is interesting on the Vita is that if you think about it, this
gives people a reason to remember they have a Vita for real.
I mean, there hasn't been a whole lot on the PlayStation Vita that like people have
gotten that excited about.
And I'm not saying like wake up club is the Vita system saver.
No, nobody's going to buy a Vita just for silly wake up club, but something that gets
the PlayStation Vita into your daily routine is a really smart move on Sony's part.
I don't know if I'm giving them too much credit.
Like if they really thought that that's what they were going to try to do, but if that
was what they were going for, well played thoughts.
I can see how it would be interesting and definitely it's a way to keep the Vita in
the, like you said, putting it in someone's daily routine will keep it constantly in their
eye.
You know, like my, for example, I know it's not exactly the same, but having my iPhone,
it's my alarm clock.
You know, I keep in touch with my family through it, you know, texting all the time.
I even use it at work now with text write off.
But, but I mean, I'm saying, you know, it's, it's something that's part of my routine.
So trying to incorporate the Vita as part of someone's routine actually gives people
fresh and keeps it in the user's eyes.
So they'll want to use it more often.
I can see the logic behind it.
I mean, and they gamified it.
It's got trophies and you see the ranking of where you wake up.
Well, now that's just silly.
I know it's, it's a little silly, but it's silly.
You know, it's more exciting than the iPhone alarm clock or the one that sits on your
wall and goes, yep.
But my iPhone alarm clock wakes me up to I'm sexy and I know it.
Okay, that's true.
I guess, I guess the Vita can't do that.
You can make kitty noises.
You can't have that.
I can have kitty noises on my iPhone too.
I can download a ringtone, but I can't necessarily, you know, wake other people up with it except
for my husband.
Now I will say in my experience with wake up club, I still suffer from the rollover
hit it to wake up, wake up the other people.
All right.
And then I go, it's cold.
I'm going back to bed.
You know, you made me, it hasn't really made me get up.
You made me think of the alarm clock.
Now that requires people to stand on it, to turn it off.
Oh my God.
And so I saw pictures on Tumblr of people like laying half in their bed with their face
on the alarm clock to register the pressure.
And they're still asleep.
See, that would be me.
I learned how to do it in my sleep.
I turn off my iPhone all the time in my sleep.
I need the Vita to give me an electric shock to really wake me up.
Oh God.
No, no, not the sounds of my mother waking me up.
Rab.
Rab.
You're going to be late for work.
Rab.
That's it.
That's what you need.
If you get fired from your job, Rab, you're going to be homeless.
Rab, you are not moving in here Rab.
Rab.
That's it.
That's it.
That's the, okay.
This is a copyright orange on radio and me and Rab.
This is your mom, the alarm clock.
That's what we need to invent Rab.
Your mom, the alarm clock.
All it is is whoever's mother going, get out of bed.
It's time for school.
No, actually at my house would be this and I have to hold this away.
Jamie get out of bed.
Now my throat hurts extra bad, but that would have been, um, my mom when I was in school.
Neighbors are going to call the police.
Sorry, Rab's neighbors.
All right.
That was my mom.
That's wake up club.
I just wanted to throw that out there.
It is, it is a thing that happened this week.
I forgot to talk about it because it's a game, but it's not.
But you know, again, and Raginator in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, yeah,
Rab, way too much credit.
Whether it was a moment of genius amongst idiocy.
I don't know.
But all I'm saying is that if the Vita thinks of more things like this, let's gamify things
that people do.
How about like an interactive cookbook, a recipe thing like, you know, recipes for bachelors.
I would have to grow arms and smack my hand every time I say, I wonder what it'd be like
if I put this in it.
I can't bake.
All right.
Uh, let's go to some rapid fire news.
Talk about some other video game news happening around the industry right now.
I'm sorry for Rab's neighbors.
It's all right.
They'll deal.
Logie.
All right.
Um, so let's talk a little bit about, uh, the survey that they sent out for call of
duty and it's kind of, um, hinting at some stuff that may be available, um, for the next,
uh, iteration of it and includes like stuff, you know, saying, Hey, what kind of special
things do you want at retail?
So some of the stuff that, um, was, they came out of there, they were seeing a care package
show pieces.
Um, some of the things that they may include with the care package edition would be like
a character of statuette.
They send operational desktop century gun replica, which sounds fucking awesome.
I would totally dig that.
And then, um, there's a collectible sets featuring characters, vehicles, and scenery from the
game, similar to like the hago or the halo mega block stuff, custom branded audio sound
bar, lame custom branded gaming headset, also lame and custom branded wireless router.
No, just don't operational desktop century gun.
There's your winning, uh, pick right there.
And, uh, they had some other pictures from it.
Of course they took them down because of NDA, uh, they're saying also that, um, you know,
that there might be a digital version to pre download to your console and then it'll be
available to play at 1201 am on launch day, which is kind of cool if they did that.
Um, and it says maybe that'll be something that'll be featured in next gen consoles,
being able to kind of pre download stuff like you can on steam, like steamer or a world
of Warcraft did that with the expansions.
Honestly, I don't know why they can't do that.
I mean, they've got day one patches, you know, and stuff.
Well, let me put this away.
Day one patches might not be a good way to go because let's say for example, you do that.
Um, yeah, cause if they did with the console version, um, and you weren't able to connect
online, it would never be able to play your game.
But let's just say that they were able to lock that out to just the digital version.
Why not?
Why not have it built in where you can download the game and then piracy, you know, piracy
is gone as far as print link before a release.
I don't know.
Sounds like a good idea.
Um, and then there's some, um, pretty good news here.
Uh, Skyrim, all the wonderful, uh, DLC that you've been missing on the PS3.
It's finally coming.
Um, Dragonborn, the latest expansion for the game, it's going to be hitting PC on February
5th and then, uh, also in February, all the other expansions are going to be coming out
as well on, uh, PS3.
And I believe they're even offering them at half cost for the first.
Sorry, it's late.
Sorry.
It's not bad.
I bought, I bought them all half off on, um, on PC and building the house and hearth fire
is kind of cool, I guess.
Um, I don't know.
I don't like the orphan kids saying, you know, Hey, you can adopt me.
No, I'm not going to adopt you.
Cause if it goes anything like Fable was, I never came home.
And you can't kill the kids cause that's wrong.
And you can't even do that in Skyrim.
Although I'm sure, I'm sure somebody hacked it in.
I'm sure some sicko hacked it.
Of course you can do it on the PC.
You see what PC gaming supports Dark Sakura?
I wasn't paying attention.
Sorry.
Killing children.
And for some reason, when I'd leave all of the women, all their clothes come off.
I don't really know why that's happened.
Sickos on the PC.
I know.
It's so weird.
Also have a torture chamber with slave maidens, but Hey, I've got the PC sicko story to top
all of this coming up, but hold on.
All right.
I think I need to get Skyrim now.
And then, uh, last but not least La Milana and Leisure Suit Larry are some of the titles
that are included on the next, um, steam green light, including, and this is pretty cool.
They've got, um, let's see here, DLC quest, which honestly wasn't a very long game, but
cool, uh, eat or masters of the broken world, Mac, um, the age of decadence, Yun pick and
war for the overworld are some of the other titles that are going to be coming out.
Um, let's see here.
And, uh, a con a con Nero demon hunters, which I think, isn't that that, um, yeah, I want
to see, isn't that the, uh, that new game that they're working on, uh, was it America
McGee or something?
I think that's that American McGee game, if I want to remember correctly.
And then also a grow Brodo modeling app, which is actually, um, software.
And then the articity draft game design tool is another non gaming thing that got green
lit.
So, um, just so you know, La Milana, that was a game that, you know, uh, dark Tetsuya
used to write about a lot on orange launch radio.com.
He was very excited about it.
I actually went to dark Tetsuya and I said, could I get a quote, sir, about how you feel
about La Milana getting the project green light?
And this is what he had to say.
That was an actual Kermit flail, by the way, that was an actual real deal Kermit flail.
Just, you know, uh, I don't know if anybody was Kermit flailing over this more like the
fuck, but, um, people are modding Alan wake on the PC.
Of course that's, that's what people do to PC games.
They mod them.
Um, but what, I guess apparently it wasn't supposed to be moddable.
It was supposed to have permissions, licenses, whatever that ain't going to hackers going
to hack hackers going to hack.
And you got to love this.
They, they did all 2.9 gigs, unraveled it, put it back together.
And what was the community tool that they put out?
What did they put out in response to you'll never hack Alan wake.
Somebody put a hello Kitty flashlight into Alan wake where the little flashlight will
always be the little hello Kitty image.
When it shines on the wall, you see, you can see the little bullet.
Let me see if in the video, you get a little, a better shot to see it.
You can kind of see it there.
See hello, Kitty flashlight.
That's awesome.
Cause that's what my Alan wake needs.
And I can kill the bad guys.
Little shadows with hello, Kitty killing with cuteness.
I can't.
Well, this, I don't even know what the hell to say about this.
Uh, this community could have used a little bit of a cuteness.
Cause this was just stupid.
In fact, this is one of the stupidest things I've ever seen in gaming.
Like ever, uh, dark, dark, dark, dark Sakura.
Did you see this?
Fuckery.
This is the pre-order bonus for the European Australian island.
Riptide zombie bait edition.
What?
It's a collector's edition.
No, whatever.
Not pre-order bonus, whatever.
Severed limbs for everybody.
Collector's edition.
It is a severed torso of an apparently British female.
And I'm only guessing that because she's got the little union Jack bra thing going
for her, but she is all bloodified, decapitated, armless and limbless.
It is gross.
Who would want this in their house?
And especially kind of fucking tacky to announce this type of thing.
The day that Joe Biden is sitting down with a video game industry to talk about, you
know, what is there a correlation between that, blah, blah, blah.
Now, before y'all correct me, I am aware it was the Europe and Australian pre-order
bonus.
So they were the ones to announce it, not the U S arm of the company.
However, somebody finally figured, you know, maybe this is kind of tacky.
Maybe we don't really need this.
Maybe, maybe this is just in bad taste.
And so they came out and said, we sincerely regret this choice and we're committed to
making sure this will never happen again.
Although does that what happens to the people that already pre-ordered it?
Does this mean?
I don't know if they even say it won't happen again.
They didn't say we're going to pull this.
We're not going to sell this.
They don't mention that at all.
They're just saying we won't do this again.
Nothing to stop us from doing that.
Nothing said that they're going to stop doing it now.
They just said, oh, well, we're not going to do it again.
Alan alchemy in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says it's super sexed up and gross.
It's for neckbeards to fat too.
See, that's the sick thing.
Like this is sick already, but then you have to realize because it is an inanimate object,
somebody will stick their dick in it.
And that makes it like 10 times, like a million times worse as if this could even get worse.
You realize somebody's going to put their dick in it.
And it's just like, this is, this is too much.
That was a joke already made that.
Yeah, just saying.
Oh, but it doesn't end there.
A new game was made this week by the encyclopedia dramatica forums.
One of their members.
Oh, go figure.
Called bullet to the head of the NRA.
Yes, that is the name of the game bullet to the head of the NRA.
It is a first person shooter.
If you want to call it that, that lets you, you just shoot NRA boss, Wayne LaPierre.
The intent of this game was to do nothing, but to just piss people off and imagine encyclopedia
dramatica releasing something that would just piss people off, quote, share this everywhere,
especially gun nut and anti-game websites.
Also see if you can't send it to the NRA somehow, like through the feedback on their website
or something.
This is from forum user gizmo.
Oh, 1942, who also is developing a game based on the Sandy Hook shooting.
You will actually get to go to the Connecticut school and shoot kids because there's always
going to be that guy on the internet.
Dark Sakura, you look like you're about to just like, you're doing people, you're doing
the SMH thing over there.
Like SMH.
Shaking my head.
Oh.
Or SMGDH.
Shaking my goddamn head.
I just don't get people.
I really don't though.
It's fine.
Well, here we are talking about it.
So maybe the troll one, I don't know.
Yeah, fuck them.
It's an attention grab.
Nothing more.
But you know, you know, somebody's going to get this and be all, you know, his attention
is going to grab Fox news.
Yeah.
But I like to file this, this stuff under the, uh, the banner of no incur now.
No one important.
Now somebody did point out this came out one day after the NRA had put out their own gun
game, NRA practice range, which is available on the iOS.
It is rated for ages four and up.
Of course, that's all target.
It's target practice, target practice.
So it's okay.
Here's a question, right?
I know this is rapid fire news and I'm not going very rapidly, but you know, there's
a lot to say about this stuff.
Would you let a four year old play point blank?
Um, it's a gun game, but it's, it's carnival guns.
It's, it's not, this is though, where my stance is with this is that if I were a parent,
I wouldn't let a child watch TV until they were older than five.
Good luck with that.
That's what, that was our plan.
That didn't happen.
I know plenty of parents who have been very successful with it just because, and I come
from that just because I've seen the difference of behavior with Becky's son when he's
allowed to play games and watch TV versus when he's limited access to playing games
and watching TV.
He's a lot happier of a kid when he gets to go outside and play more often.
So, um, I don't think I would allow, if I were a parent, I wouldn't allow TV or video
games until they were old enough to actually have more of a comprehension factor attached
to it.
That's just me.
You know, and I certainly wouldn't let it be a babysitter.
Let's move on to some more rapid fire news, dark soccer.
Um, well, you know how people were a little excited about Epic Mickey too?
Well, they were only a little excited because they only sold 270,000 copies in North America,
which is about, oh, a million less than, uh, the first one did.
Yeah.
The first one sold 1.3 million.
Yeah.
Not even close.
Sorry.
And the creator thinks they're going to do more.
So, uh, that'd be great when Disney shuts them down.
Um, now there's also, um, six weeks of free, um, PS mobile games.
It's going to be starting with Samurai Beatdown.
Um, you can get that on the PlayStation store and it's either for Vita or PlayStation certified
mobile devices.
And it's only going to be available in Japan, US, UK, Canada, France, Italy, Germany, Spain,
and Australia.
So if you live in Zimbabwe, you're fucked.
And then for fans of Shin Megami Tensei, um, Devil Summoner Soul Hackers is going to be
out in the US in April.
It's been set to release on 16th of April and, uh, nothing about our, uh, friends in
the UK if they're going to see anything, but, uh, who knows?
It's also, um, a, uh, 3DS remake of the one that came out in the Sega Saturn in 1997.
Done.
All right.
How about we go to the frugal question of the week?
How about we?
How about it?
How about it, huh?
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, Google Plus at Orange Lounge Radio.
Put them together.
You get frugal.
Here's our frugal question of the week.
We didn't talk about this story tonight, but I guess we will now.
A settlement was reached this week between the actor that portrayed Kevin Butler and
Sony.
You may recall that the actor was spotted in a commercial for a tire store playing a
Nintendo Wii.
This got us thinking about commercials and marketing.
That's really all there is to say on that story.
Legal issues settled out of court.
What else is new?
But since it got us thinking about commercials and marketing and like how, how, how big of
an impact does somebody like Kevin Butler really have?
So we went to frugal and we asked the listeners, has a gaming system or game commercial or
advertising campaign ever worked on you?
Were it swayed you to make the decision to buy a game new?
Was it something you experienced more in your youth or something you still find might tilt
your opinion today?
Like I know a lot of us like we remember like Genesis does what Nintendo and some of those
I'm just saying when PlayStation 4 comes out, they better bring him fucking back because
that that that's how you sell that shit.
Not creepy babies, but fucking Kevin Butler is saying, I'm back, bitches.
Buy this shit.
Boom!
I don't think that can happen now.
Why?
Because the whole legal stuff and all that.
So throw enough money at him.
I'm sure he'll be like, oh, legal smeagle, whatever.
I'll put this in my pocket.
That's true.
Money talks.
All right.
Let's go to the folks on Facebook and Google and see if advertising campaigns ever actually
worked on them.
We'll start with Tiger Claw on Facebook.
I've seen many commercials for the latest gaming consoles and neither one has swayed
me into buying one.
I always believe the only way to make a decision whether to buy the console or not is to actually
try it.
Like the kiosks at the stores.
Rageinator says as a kid in the early 80s before I became as jaded as I am today.
Yeah.
But then again, commercials that were our marketing towards young kids typically work.
Llama Juice says, look at it for the point of view as someone who isn't educated on video
games consoles.
The average mom out there buying a game system for their kid.
They don't know the difference.
If they see more commercials for console A instead of console B, then they'll assume
console A is better on the flip side.
Think about the commercials for the Ouya.
It's something that everyone was uneducated about.
And then the ads for it got a mountain of people excited.
That being said, as a kid, the commercials for the engage always got me.
I wanted one of those things so badly as a kid.
You were a kid when the engage came out.
I was in my 20s commercials for the Ouya.
Yeah, I didn't know there were commercials for the Ouya.
Is that maybe online?
I don't think there's commercials for the Ouya at all.
I mean, there's the video.
Probably because people were uneducated about it.
And then the ads for it got a mountain of people excited.
I don't know.
Dark Tetsuya said, I did go to see the wizard when I heard Super Mario Brothers 3 was going
to debut in it.
Does that count?
That was like the best product placement ever done in the history of ever.
Yeah.
I have to admit that I was interested.
Who didn't get a gigantic nerd boner when they went and saw the wizard and saw Super
Mario 3 like the first footage?
There has never been a better promotion ever.
I firmly believe that.
And the Power Glove, which by the way, I'm sorry, the Power Glove was a piece of shit.
It really was.
It was so shitty.
That and the U Force were both shitacular shit devices.
I already had a Power Glove when I saw that movie.
And wasn't it shit?
Yes, it was.
It was absolute fucking shit.
But it's so bad.
It was like, this is cool, except wait, I can't do shit with this.
You see the U Force in the little print ad, like playing punch out, and you think, oh
my God.
Nintendo, bring back the Power Glove.
I mean, seriously, that would be fucking awesome if it worked right.
When they have haptic gloves, they need to have the Power Glove come back.
Oh, the listeners are going to hate me for this, but you know how we always say time
to penis.
My concern with the Power Glove is time to fist.
We know.
It's so bad.
It's ripped for her pleasure.
Moving on to a comment from Burr brought these brain bleach.
Now make it stop.
Burr says it was the you know what?
It was the Kevin Butler ads along with the price cut that came with the release of the
slim that actually did help sway my opinion on the PlayStation 3 and finally got me to
pick one up.
To me, it was the moment that Sony finally meant business and let the games do the talking.
The original PlayStation 3 ads were way too obscure and stupid by contrast.
It was like when you let hipsters do commercials.
Veronica S. replied and said the very first Pokemon commercial that aired on TV caused
me to buy Pokemon Blue version.
I was 11 years old.
You know, the Pokemon cartoon was a pretty great tie in and the Pokemon movie.
Good times.
Let's see.
Acidic Vampire says, have you seen the Wii U launch commercial?
Hell no.
He gives a big thumbs.
I actually I only saw it in a movie theater once, but I don't I like I'm becoming dark
soccer over here, but I don't watch TV like I really don't like very, very rarely, very
rarely.
The only thing I've seen so far and it's because we're watching, I think, Law and Order SV
is there's a commercial over and over for like suicide.
Suicide.
Have you has it occurred to you?
It's like, I don't really know what it's for other than, hey, you know, I got to buy me
some of that suicide.
T.J.
Janai says kiosks and store demos are the most helpful for my buying decisions.
Steven M. replied and said the early Xbox promos for Kinect really got me excited to
buy one.
Dart Charger said in my youth, I was probably swayed by many video game commercials.
I mean, who could forget the commercial like Journey for the Atari 2600?
And he actually embedded the commercial here for us to.
They presents the world's first rock video game Journey Escape.
The concert's over.
Now you must help each member of Journey Escape to mobs of love-crazed groupies, shifty-eyed
promoters.
Find your roadies and manager and run into the escape vehicle and live to rock another
day.
Journey Escape for the Atari 2600 from Data Age.
You know what?
Fuck Journey from last year.
This is the true journey.
I regret printing Journey on my games of the year list.
This just reminded me that that there will only be one video game named Journey.
I'm teasing mostly.
All right.
Anyhow, Dart Charger went on and said today's marketing has matured with the modern gamer
as well.
These promotions aren't limited to simply TV commercials or magazine advertisements anymore.
Companies recognize the various ways they can influence gamers simply through exposure
across all mediums like game trailers, demos, and previews on gaming sites and magazines.
You left out viral marketing.
Every boardroom, you know, mid-management favorite thing to not understand.
Viral marketing.
We need you guys to create a viral video.
That's not how it works.
It has to multiply.
Multiply.
Spread.
Share it like a disease.
It must feature cats.
Andy R. replied and said, not usually.
I typically build up hype for the games I want on my own through reading articles and
such.
If anything, big expensive ad campaigns turn me off to a game.
When every single gaming site was running ads for Mass Effect 3, I got sick of seeing
it.
Probably part of the reason I still don't like the game.
And I was interested in buying Dishonored, but after seeing the trailer a million times
before the game launched, thanks to The Escapist and PA TV, I decided to pass on the game.
Just do what I do.
Stop watching TV.
Well, these are web shows, though.
Stop watching TV web shows.
Use Adblock.
I will admit, though, a lot of online sites can only seem to ever find one sponsor.
Dan and I always pick the commercials for Hulu that talk about, like, food.
I like this approach that I hope I pronounce this correctly.
Shaya C said, define advertising.
Were things like the Super Mario Brothers Super Show or the Sonic cartoon ads for a
specific game?
Not really.
Were they media which kept the franchise visible, popular, and made us kids excited for the
next game installment?
You bet.
Before the internet, gasp, TV ads, friends, and kiosks were the only way you'd actually
see gameplay before getting it yourself.
Magazines had reviews, but you'd only get stills.
Now we've got trailers on demand and tons of review sites.
I feel like consumers are pulling information more than is being pushed to them.
The only thing they really need to nail with traditional advertising these days is making
sure people know the title.
Interesting perspective.
We were going down that line a little bit and talking about the wizard and stuff.
Degenerate Johnny said, the only time I actually bought a console based on its advertisement
alone was Tiger's Gamecom.
The commercial made the mobile gaming device as the shit.
Yes, the little person's insulting remarks came off as insulting to the gaming community,
but I recognized its satire.
Not to mention it was pretty funny seeing the little guy get tossed around at the end
of the ad.
And so I'm fortunate to see that the device failed.
Oh yeah, that thing failed.
Since it had many features that were quite innovative for the late 90s, such as touchscreen
controls and internet access, it goes to show that one must be mindful of its market if
it hopes to make the product a success.
And lastly, SHA100Matt says, back when I subscribed to Nintendo Power as a kid, I was sent, like
many other subscribers, a VHS tape of the Nintendo 64.
Since there were no gaming blogs and gaming sites I was able to access back then, all
I had to go on was brief articles on Nintendo Power and other gaming magazines.
But when I got the Nintendo 64 Power Preview video from Nintendo Power, I was sold on the
Nintendo 64.
It was the first time I ever got a real look at the graphics and games in action, so I
was immediately blown away.
After that point, I saved up my money and got the system at launch.
I never realized that they'd sent out videos like that.
That's kind of neat.
I wonder if they were those really cheap, like, cardboard tape things that could really
fuck up your VCR if you used it wrong.
I don't know.
All right, anyhow, we have not yet gone to Google Plus, so let me quickly get through
Google Plus's answers.
ActDef said, I would say that back in the 80s and 90s it worked.
We got smothered with over-the-top, in-your-face advertisement back then, and it probably
got us to buy or ask our parents to get us a video games.
But now, a lot of commercials for games are really bland and don't capture your attention
that much.
CriticalMyth said, I can't say there was a commercial that did that for me, but print
ads have convinced me more than a couple times.
One I remember well was Xenosaga 2.
Cosmos had me at, hello.
Myko says, as much as I want to say no, it's the quality of the games that does it for
me, like it did for the Dreamcast, I have to say yes if the OUYA counts because I'm
an idiot.
Okay, so I guess there are OUYA commercials.
What am I missing?
Are there?
Because that's the second person to say there are OUYA commercials.
And I have just not seen one.
All right, let's take a look here.
Rob's on the hunt.
Shane is adding that those videos were real VHS tapes and they were fantastic.
I'll be damned, there is an, oh no, that says fan-made.
But there is this seven, I wonder if it's the Kickstarter ad these guys are referring

It's probably the Kickstarter video that they had.
I bet that's what it is.
It's like the modern type of ad.
Interesting.
Let's see, E3VL says, advertising campaigns worked on me and my youth due to the limited
social media exposure, magazines, TV, and radio.
Now with the internet involved, ads are everywhere and it's second nature to ignore them or it
becomes background noise with the instant impulse, hit the X or skip button when it's
available.
Also, now that I purchase things with my own money instead of my parents, I tend to do
research before purchasing and ads are just a way to get me curious about coming trends
instead of impulse buys or begging for the blast processing for Christmas slash birthday.
And lastly, Techie Q says, no, today's ads campaigns to sway me has less effect on me
now thanks to internet, but it did sway me more during the Super Nintendo era of gaming.
Those early Super Mario World and Legend of Zelda, a link to the past commercials swayed
me hard to get a Super Nintendo.
Good answers tonight and good reminiscing.
All I know is the commercials for Grand Theft Auto San Andreas just pissed me off because
I wanted to play Grand Theft Auto San Andreas more.
You know, it was like before it came out, I'm like, what now?
Oh, you know, that kind of stuff.
Or Grand Theft Auto 4, both of those.
All right, let's move on with some more gaming news for the week.
Thank you to everybody on Facebook and Google for answering the question.
Loki.
All right, so we've been talking about it, and I'm sure you guys have no idea what Disney
Infinity is, even though we've been talking about it for months now, probably months longer
than everybody else, but Disney Infinity finally got announced this week, and basically it's
this cool combination of like toys and a little base that you put them on and games, and then
they have this toy box mode.
So basically, what kind of makes it different than Skylanders is it's not just one single,
I mean, it is, they have the toy box mode where you can kind of take all these toys
and build your own world out of it, which is kind of cool, but it's not some single
game that you have to buy characters for to unlock all the parts of the game.
That's really the main thing.
Bobby was being funny on Twitter and saying, so is this something that I can like now?
You know, are you giving me permission to like this because you gave everybody crap
about Skylanders?
And yeah, I say it's a little bit different because each individual character and playset
or whatever is its own thing.
It's not necessarily like, oh, I have to buy Captain Jack Sparrow to get to this one part
of the Monsters Inc. world or something like that.
It's not like that at all.
Each thing is its own game, and then what kind of ties them all together is the toy
box mode where you can build wherever the fuck you want, and they've got racing stuff
in there.
It sounds like they're kind of combining a little bit of the Little Big Planet stuff.
You can set your camera at certain spots, so you can do like a 2D platformer, or you
can make a racing game, or you could just do whatever, and you could share these all
around the world, and it sounds like that they're going to have, I think DLC you could
buy for it.
They're going to have actual toys.
The toys are like 12 bucks each for each individual character.
You can get playsets.
They're like 35 bucks, which are going to include a few characters and like a world
as well as some different power-ups and stuff, and talk about total fan service on a lot
of stuff.
The game itself actually comes with three worlds.
It's Monsters University, The Incredibles, and Pirates of the Caribbean, and they've
got Captain Jack Sparrow, Mr. Incredible, and Sully from Monsters U and Monsters Inc.
in that first playset, or the first thing they're packing in there for 75 bucks.
What a surprise.
I had no idea.
Yes, and then let's see what else, but yeah, they've got Tron, at least some hints of Tron
in there, and they've got other characters.
I think I posted a few things on there, like different screen grabs and stuff, and they've
got like Phineas and Ferb is going to be something else that they have on there.
Love Phineas and Ferb.
And they've got, of course, the rest of them.
Jack Skellington.
Yeah, Jack Skellington was in there.
Sign me up for that.
Toy Story, obviously, because that was kind of the Toy Box moment, Toy Story 3 is what
kind of inspired them to do all this stuff.
And Cars is going to be something else, and Wreck-It Ralph is in there, and they even
have some hints of like Sugar Rush, which should be pretty cool, and all this stuff
is supposed to be coming out.
Also, other things they didn't have, Frozen's going to have some characters with that when
that movie comes out this fall.
Here's a couple problems, though.
I mean, there's the Disney nerd in me wants to go all in on this shit, right?
I mean, you know, I collect the pins, which is an expensive hobby, you know, so why not
go to the figurines?
Right?
I mean, but here's my concern.
I'm really worried about the quality of the game.
And I'm going to be honest, whether this is a rational reason or not, I'm just being I'm
keeping it real.
I'm worried about who's developing it.
They don't have an established product under their belt.
Avalanche.
Like, a lot of the stuff they put out have been kiddie games.
Toy Story 3, obviously, was them, too.
And if you look at what they did before Disney picked them up, they did a lot of bad games,
like Sub-Zero Mythologies and all that.
Now, granted, we all make mistakes, and we should give them a chance that maybe this
is something that will break through, but I'm concerned.
And the gameplay footage didn't really make me go, uhh, you know?
I didn't lose my shit.
Well, did you watch any of the interview videos?
They actually had more in-depth play gameplay stuff.
To be fair, no.
I only watched the common trailer that was out there.
It looked OK.
I mean, it's not like, you know, none of this is really making me go, oh, I got it picked
up.
I mean, the Toy Box mode sounds really cool, but once again, I was kind of even thinking
about it, and I'm like, is this going to be really much different than Skylanders is
as far as, like, you're going to have to buy all this shit to, you know, what am I going
to have to buy?
Am I going to have to buy, like, this Disney landscape, you know, thing or something to
have, like, you know, the Epcot Center or whatever?
And they have that.
The Epcot Center, you can actually put it in your world and stuff.
It'd be like Warhammer Disney-K.
I mean, it's just so cool.
I'd have to see what stuff comes out and, you know, how it gets priced and, you know,
I think it's going to sell really well.
And the fact that they have this whole kind of synergy where you can build your own world
is kind of unique.
I don't know.
That's really going to set them apart from, like, Skylanders, because Skylanders is like,
you buy a bunch of characters, you play one game, you know, it's a dungeon crawler and
that's it.
Whereas this, they could have multiple game types.
They could have, you know, this is going to be a racing game, this is going to be an adventure
game.
Something to remember about those little RFIDs, too, is that they don't just, you know, they're
not just chips that transmit data.
They can save data.
Yes.
Just a limited amount, right?
Just a little bit.
But maybe enough so that, like, you could bring with you a level design.
Yes.
Maybe.
Or at least you can share those on the internet, apparently, like with other people and play
their creations or invite your friends over.
You can do four-player co-op over the internet.
I don't know.
I guess I'll wait till a little closer, look at some of the reviews.
You know, there's that part of me that's like, must have all figurines, must have them all.
But the figurines look cool.
I saw pictures of them.
I mean, they're well done.
And here's the thing, too, that I'm not too positive on, but it looks like they articulate.
It looks like the arms, at least they've got seams on the arms where it looks like they
could move, limited at least, but that's more than Skylanders can.
So you know, that'd be interesting.
Is that why they're going to be more expensive than the figure?
Is that just Disney tax?
They're not that much more expensive than Skylanders.
But they are more expensive.
Yes, they are more expensive.
Is that Disney tax?
Probably Disney tax.
Just curious.
All right.
Well, that is definitely the future of gaming, like it or not.
I don't know.
It concerns me, though, is that if we support Disney infinity, that like we're saying we
want more of this.
And I really worry about the barrage of knockoffs that this whole Skylander thing is going to
cause.
Pokemon.
Well, yeah, I was talking to Shane about that.
I was like, can you imagine if Nintendo just said we want to do Pokemon like this?
I would have them all my God.
But he brought up a good point with me.
Maybe I'll call in the show later.
Talk about it.
He said that the creator of Pokemon actually hates DLC.
So they may not be.
But he may hate DLC, but they're going to have DLC in the next Pokemon game.
He may hate it all he wants, but he's not calling a shot.
They used to do those Burger King toys back.
That's why I told him I said they used to have a little toy.
Can you imagine that they will literally have like Pokeballs that you put your fucking figurine
in that you put it out on?
It's like that was that was Burger King.
You know what?
Twelve years ago, I have to tell you, after they banned all those Pokeballs, we went to
a Burger King and went through the drive through 10 times to get more Pokeballs so that we
could hang them up on the tree yourself with them.
No, just so that we could have a pile of Pokeballs.
We we actually had a box full of Pokeballs and Pokemon toys because we wanted all of
them.
And then finally we're like, wait, this is stupid and gave them away.
I actually I went as Ash Ketchum one Halloween.
And thank you to Burger King for those Pokeballs because they were great for my costume.
And you know, and honestly, you know, maybe the other thing they got me psyched about,
you know, the whole Disney infinity thing is the fact that they had Nero's Me and You
in the trailer, which is pretty awesome.
Yes.
That's awesome.
That song is awesome.
So at least somebody has good taste in music over there.
I think they do.
And I really like Step Step.
All right.
Well, a little story that was circulating the game blogs this week was about pinballs
arcade.
That's with a Z.
It is a arcade located in Austin, Texas.
The cool place in Texas.
Pinball's arcade is kind of it's like a retro gaming place.
It's got arcade machines like Galaga, Street Fighter two, Jurassic Park, Lost World and
Darren's spawn, who is the owner of this with his wife, Mickey.
What they're trying to do with this, they want to recreate the experience of arcade
gaming, saying, quote, people have lost their that social experience.
They sit on couches with their Xbox.
They never talk to their kids.
You want to come to a place where you can play together with your kids, too, and find
something that the whole family enjoys.
Now, it should be noted, you know, this place has been around since November 2010.
It is just making the rounds on the game blog this week because of an article that
was discovered on statesman dot com, which I'm assuming is kind of like an Austin,
you know, so so people were able to find it on the Internet and kind of figure out
more about this place.
But yay to this guy trying to end his wife bringing back the retro arcade stuff.
I think that's great.
Even the article, the original article talks about some games like Missile Command,
they don't make much money, but he keeps them because they're classics.
And the other thing about the arcade, I was looking at the actual Web site.
Everything in that arcade is for sale.
So let's say you go in and you're playing Galaga and you're like, I want to buy this
machine. You can buy it.
So it's almost like a interactive show floor where you could buy the games.
It's kind of awesome.
Oh, no, I'll take all of them.
There did seem to be a healthy amount of ticket ticket spitting games to like more
like the hand-me-down kind of ticket spitting games, like things that were in
arcades a few years ago.
But, you know, we're on a skeeball.
Let's keep on keep on pressing the button to stop the light types of games.
You know, what was that?
They throw a birthday smoke and token and spider stomp.
Apparently, a second and third location elsewhere in Austin could be coming this
year. And, you know, remember, guys, he opened this place in November 2010.
I mean, the economy has been kind of in the shitter in the past couple of years,
yet this place didn't go out of business.
That's awesome.
And clearly it's because of the Star Trek backdrop he has there in the arcade.
That's what keeps that place awesome.
Anyhow, there's a no fear.
You know what? You know, who else has no fear?
Dan, right? Or had he had one?
Yeah, that was the last table we sold.
They need to have.
They need to have like a giant Picard picture on the wall with him, like saying,
make it so or something, somewhere in there.
I mean, that'd be pretty awesome.
All right, let's move on with more news.
Oh, yeah, it's my turn, isn't it?
Silly iPad.
Well, there is a game coming out by an indie studio called Stab Yourself.
That's the best name ever.
It's stabyourself.net.
They basically recreate 80s games and then apply modern physics to them.
They've done a game called Not Tetris, where basically it's like Game Boy Tetris,
except the bricks actually fall with the same momentum a brick really would.
Then there's Mario, which is M-A-R-I-0, where basically you go through the Mushroom Kingdom with a portal gun.
And now they have Not Pac-Man.
Not Pac-Man is, well, Pac-Man is on the screen, but instead of moving him around and the ghost moving around,
you actually tilt the screen, and you can use a keyboard, a mouse, a game pad, or a steering wheel.
Yes, you can use a steering wheel.
And the ghosts don't move by themselves either.
They might fall into you as you're turning.
So it applies a new aspect of physics to the game, and I need this in my life.
That is actually badass, I've got to say.
That is a really smart innovation.
Obviously, it's Stab Yourself with Love and Good Ideas is what they talk about in the name, right?
Stab Yourself with innovation.
Yes, exactly.
That's stabyourself.net.
Go get it. I want it. I'm gonna get it.
I love that you can control it with a steering wheel.
I totally do. Well, you know, we've got Dan's steering wheel rig.
We could totally do that. Oh, did, oh, no, no, no.
Okay, I have to add something. Rewind back into the gaming week.
Do you know what my husband is doing tonight?
He is building himself a three-monitor rig, just for playing Gran Turismo and OutRun.
My husband.
I didn't realize OutRun used three monitors.
Yeah.
Like the old OutRun or the new OutRun?
The newer ones.
He's basically building the rig so he can hook up his PC to do full three-screen gaming.
Now, if you're gonna do something like that with an Xbox or a PS3, you actually have to have other systems.
Like multiple systems to get him to run.
Yeah, I know Gran Turismo, you need like three systems, three monitors.
Yeah, but he's doing something so that he can play all of the PC-based games.
Cool.
With three monitors. My husband's a dork.
That's why you love him, though.
I guess. He better get me that BeatMania now.
More news.
All right, so, layoffs. More layoffs.
So, starting off, Gas Powered Games had some layoffs, and this is right after they just launched a Kickstarter for a game called Wildman.
Apparently, the whole thing was that Wildman's Kickstarter needed to actually...
It needs to earn that money because otherwise, they would have had to lay everyone off anyways without any of their paid time off and stuff cashed out and any of the benefits or severances and stuff.
And right now, I think...
I'm actually gonna check to see how their Kickstarter's doing.
Not looking good. They need to hit $1.1 million, and they're at $263,000, and they have 25 days to go. It's gonna be tough.
But basically, yeah. So, what he's saying is if they do hit their Kickstarter, they'll try to hire the people back that haven't found jobs yet and that kind of stuff.
Unfortunately, it's just bad timing, I guess. They just had to lay them off now so that they have money to actually do that.
They're still operating, but it's way slimmed down. In fact, pretty much everybody's gone except for the head of the studio and I think a couple people.
So, that's kinda gonna suck.
The other thing, too, is Codemasters has laid off 80 people as well, and they're restructuring.
Sorry, there's three companies tonight that are having major, major problems.
Yeah. Codemasters, really, they don't have... I mean, they have had some okay games come out, but a lot of their stuff recently hasn't done terribly well.
I'm trying to think. Dirt 3 was the last game I remember them having put out. I know they have Grid 2 coming, and also their Formula 1 title didn't do terribly well.
And I don't think their Formula 1 kart racing game did terribly well either. So, that kinda sucks.
Maybe they can make something other than racing games. I think they tried that and that wasn't terribly well either.
I was gonna say, but what's worked for them is that Dirt was one of their biggest games.
Grid looked pretty cool. Grid 2, so I'm looking forward to see what that looks like. I'd love to see a next-gen Dirt game on the new consoles when they come out. That'd be pretty awesome.
I'd also like to see a next-gen Ridge Racer that doesn't fucking suck, Namco. You have more time. Come on.
Not a fucking rehash of, what, fuck, 7 or 6? How many times? What game did they actually have new tracks in? Was that 4? 4 had new tracks in it?
I mean, seriously. New Ridge Racer would be awesome.
Alright, well, moving on to another story here. You know, where there is an internet, there will always be trolls.
And the folks at Blizzard, yes, Blizzard figured that out this week with Diablo 3 changes.
Jay Wilson, who was, I believe he was like the head designer on Diablo 3, he is stepping away to do other duties within Blizzard.
He's not leaving Blizzard, but he's worked on Diablo 3 for 7 years, and he will no longer be working on Diablo 3.
Well, instantly, in the departure thread, people were bashing Jay Wilson for the quality of Diablo 3.
You know, for many people, Diablo 3 has not lived up to expectations. The Always Online thing has rubbed people the wrong way.
The Real Money Auction House has rubbed some people the wrong way. PVP was promised, it still hasn't happened yet, although I guess dueling is coming in the next patch.
That's rubbed some people the wrong way. So, people have taken out their aggressions on this guy.
He announced his retirement on January 17th, and the thread has grown to over 170 pages.
Rob Pardo, the Chief Creative Officer at Blizzard, came into the thread saying, quote,
This thread saddens me greatly. I know that the Battle.net forums have earned a reputation for rough justice, but I do not believe justice is being served by how people are speaking about Jay's departure from Diablo 3.
If you still feel the need to dish out blame, then I would prefer you direct it at me.
I was the executive producer on the project, I hired Jay, and I gave him advice and direction through the development process.
I was ultimately responsible for the game we released and take full responsibility for the quality of the result.
Very interesting, kind of like, you know, protective parent kind of attitude going on there. That's Karen about your employees. That's interesting.
They could hire me now.
If you were the lead designer on Diablo 3, what would you do?
Garris.
Hey, I didn't say it. I didn't say it.
I would license out to Bioware to make a Mass Effect MMO.
Anyhow, now, he acknowledged also, this is what we're saying, the Diablo community deserves an even better game.
We have a talented team in place and have no intention of stopping work on Diablo 3 until it is the best game in the franchise.
So interesting, this game is coming up on, what, nine months out and they're still trying to get the game they really want.
This is a weird place we're at in the industry. I mean, it's not that Diablo 3 is, like, bad, but it was extremely disappointing. Extremely disappointing.
And Torchlight 2 is kind of better.
Anyhow, let's open up the mailbag. Let's see what the listeners have to say, shall we?
Mailbag orangelaunchrater.com is the place you can email us each week.
And usually Dark Soccer will dive into the email bag head first, but not tonight.
As you can tell by my sexy ass voice tonight, I really don't have much of a voice to do it.
Impersonating your mother earlier probably didn't help that.
No, it didn't. I'm suffering for that now.
You know what, you need more coffee.
You know what, that's a good idea and I know where you keep it, but I'm not doing it.
Alright, let's get to some emails tonight. I want to start with this email.
From Phlegus, emails us.
Hello Orangelaunch Radio crew, I'm going to keep this brief as I am most likely going to come off as extremely odd and potentially creepy.
But I assure you, I'm harmless.
I've been searching for an online radio show for a long while now and after haphazardly stumbling across this podcast the other day, I have to ask,
were you ever a Bimani-centric show who possibly covered 2DX8 style previews around late 2002?
If not, I apologize for the rather odd question and keep up the excellent work.
Love the show and it's wonderful cast.
You recognize that from the keyboard mania?
Yes, that would be us.
That is the show, absolutely.
You know, it's funny you should bring up 2DX8 style because you know what this email needs to just make it perfect.
I mean, I really appreciate the reminiscing.
More Haulik!
No, no, no, not more Haulik.
Dancer?
Yes, more Dancer.
This email definitely needs some more Dancer, so let's give him some Dancer.
God damn it, now I can't find Dancer.
You know, that was like one of the first Bimani game I actually bought brand new that wasn't a DDR.
You remember?
I remember how we would all sit around with like little figurines and stand behind people while they played that.
That was the best, that was absolutely the best.
And then try to Para Para with Last Message.
Here's the thing I want to know about this email.
So, I actually offline earlier in the week, I wrote back to Playgus, so I'm waiting to hear back.
And I was like, yeah, it's us, basically, long story short.
But my curiosity is, I've been searching for an online radio show for a long while now.
And after haphazardly stumbling across this podcast, so it's like, we was looking for the old show.
And found this mess instead.
We still have our Bimani love.
Of course we have our Bimani love.
Akira Yamaoka is still God.
Anyhow, let's move on with more emails.
Although, although, although I do have to say I have a special, special place in my heart for Desero.
Oh, why is that?
Fucking Desero. I love Cobalt.
Moving on to an email from Redertainment.
Hello Podcrafters, I've been following the recent discussion about video games needing to be connected to the internet.
So their users can play them.
This includes EA's recent SimCity announcement, always on DRM and other issues imposed by game companies.
In discussing this issue, some have brought up the prospect of the people playing the games not having access to the internet.
Either because they are poor or because they are in the military.
There is another aspect to the mandatory internet connection issue that's not being brought up.
What if the person playing the game can't connect to the publisher's servers.
Not because of any problem with the consumer or the publisher.
But because of an ISP's complete and utter fucking incompetence.
What if due to the ISP being run by morons who think of Foresight as something only the uncircumcised deal with.
That was good.
The consumer or the publisher cannot connect to one another because of a failure by one or more internet service providers.
This is just one of the reasons why I think of publishers mandating consumers to be connected to the internet as a bad idea.
Stay black. Retertainment. And yes, I did just come up with the Foresight line. Trainer.
Is that because you always say Garrus? He says trainer? I don't know. Anyway.
You notice I haven't said it once during the course of the show.
I've said it like three times now. Shitty internet service providers being a reason.
Well, I mean, you're preaching to the choir, Retertainment. This shit's a bad idea.
And you're just throwing another ingredient in the pot on why this is a bad idea.
I mean, we had in the past, this show would drop several times.
Now, maybe that wasn't the ISP's fault necessarily.
But, you know, if you have a bad router or something, you know, you're gonna pay for that with your game.
It's just ridiculous.
I agree with you, Retertainment. Yes. Yes, sir. Yes.
Another email here from AZHP.
Hey, OLR. This is a long one, by the way, but it's a good one.
AZHP here. Sorry in advance for the long email. You're forgiven.
But it's on two subjects that are really important to me, and I'm sure some of you as well.
So I hope you read it.
I remember you guys mentioning the awesome Games Done Quick charity marathon for the Prevent Cancer Foundation on the show last week.
And I wanted to give a little more background on it in case anyone was interested in the marathon or the cause.
Dozens of speedrunners from around the world, most of whom are record holders for various games,
paid their way to Washington, D.C. in order to speedrun games in order to raise money to support cancer research.
Their initial goal was $150,000, but due to the immense generosity of fellow gamers, they managed to raise over $420,000 over a seven-day marathon.
This means that the Prevent Cancer Foundation will be able to fund five two-year research grants for cancer research.
Well, job well done.
I had no idea that they had collected all these travelers from around the world.
I had no idea whatsoever that that was the case, so thank you for sharing.
I honestly thought it was like a group of like a college club or something that all was getting together to do it.
So I think that's really cool.
So props to you guys.
Like you guys said, with all the bad press games have gotten due to recent events,
it's really amazing that these people donated their vacation time and money to support this amazing cause.
Some of the more impressive runs were Final Fantasy IX done in nine hours,
Super Mario 64 all 120 stars done in under two hours by the world record holder Siglemic,
Zelda O'Green of Time done in 23 minutes using some game-breaking bugs, and more.
All the games were done in one sitting and it was amazing to watch all week, sometimes during work,
whoops, and see how amazingly good and consistent people were at these games.
I wasn't going to donate much originally, but after seeing how passionate these people were about the cause and the games,
I eventually donated $80 over the week, though some people donated hundreds or even thousands of dollars.
The runners read every donation comment that came through that week, but the one that touched me in a way I wouldn't have expected.
A donor during the O'Green of Time run said,
My grandmother's cat died of cancer. She used to watch me play O'Green of Time when I was a kid,
and I hope that she's watching you speedrun this game from kitty heaven right now.
I know it's silly, but I teared up a little bit. No, that's, that's, that's really adorable.
And it is sad.
Sorry for the long email, guys. You're forgiven. Good cause.
And in case anyone is interested in watching the marathon videos, you can find them in the features section of speeddemosarchive.com.
Yours truly AZHP. Well, I hope it's an even bigger success for them next year.
I didn't realize they were bringing all these people in. They could do an expo out of this shit. That's...
A speedrun expo would be pretty awesome.
Yeah, it would be, actually. So, you know, bigger and better next time.
That's great. Good job, guys.
If anybody from that effort is listening, a tip of the hat to you.
Lastly, but not leastly, gamergirl with an email.
Or as she signed it, GG. Good game, gamergirl.
Dear OLR, I first would like to say that if I make any mistakes, i.e. grammatical errors, I apologize.
You guys, as always, have an amazing show. Keep up the good work.
I never thought my life would change so drastically with everyone's help.
I got to thinking a lot about how everything good happened to me because of OLR,
and it never ceases to amaze me how you guys are always helping everyone.
As a matter of fact, as of January 19th, 2013, your very own Dark Tetsuya and gamergirl are officially engaged.
Wow. Congratulations.
Another OLR love story for the books, guys. Well done. As always, I enjoy the show.
Thanks again for introducing me to my best friend and soon to be life partner, gamergirl.
Wow.
I happened to see that on Facebook earlier.
Yeah, yeah. I had heard of this before the email came in, but still.
Just to kind of have it put in that perspective kind of way that they had met through OLR is really like, wow.
I've been blown away with some of the emails and comments we've been getting the past couple weeks.
2013 is the year you're trying to make me cry, y'all.
Well, good job. Does this mean we have to send over? I don't know where they're getting married or whatever,
if it's going to be here or because I think they have a distance right now between them.
But I wonder if we need to send along a tape message or something, or is that even appropriate? I don't know.
You know what? Get the speed run demo, guys, at your wedding reception. That's how you do it.
That'd be great.
Good job. A big congratulations and a perfect way to end the mailbag this week.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. Wowzy, wowzy, wow.
Thanks for doing the mailbox for me.
You're welcome, but you're going to need to fend for yourself on this upcoming segment.
We're going to flip a 180, turn this car around and go from lovey-dovey stuff.
We're going to flip this bitch.
We're going to flip a bitch right now and get into the bitching.
This is punishment. This is fucked up.
My F.U. goes to the old woman who is driving in front of me on my way here.
You know how some people turn into the suicide lane, the turn lane in the middle?
Well, this woman doesn't even signal the moment this red truck starts pulling into it.
We're on the inside lane heading toward here.
She just swerves into the right lane, doesn't even look if there's somebody else there.
And I'm like, really, bitch? You thought that he was going to run into you?
Ugh, I was just so tired.
And so finally I ended up thinking, this woman is dangerous. I'm getting away from her.
And so I sped around her and got away from her.
And she was just moving back and forth in between lanes.
She's like, I'm going to use both lanes. Fuck. I'm safer in the middle.
So I was like, yeah. Another F.U. goes to me losing my voice.
I've been fighting off getting sick and I think I'm over it.
It's just left me with a really sore throat. So, yeah.
F.U. to my throat for hurting.
And F.U. for my brain being tired when I want to do something that involves a lot of thinking.
Especially in the form of actually working with some programs and stuff that I have on here.
Or learning to program, that would be fantastic.
But it seems like whenever I do that.
If somebody decides to watch Law and Order SVU, my brain is just like.
Like I just can't fucking concentrate.
Hey, Dark Tetsuya and Gamer Girl, guess what you have to look forward to?
Thank you.
Married life.
Thankfully we are almost done with Law and Order SVU.
We are in the 14th season. We are on the home stretch. It is almost over.
I just realized today, because we're sharing a Hulu account with some other people.
That American Idol just started. I'm like, when the fuck did that start?
I knew because my mom had to call me and tell me about how she.
Rab! American Idol is on and this girl is good.
No, no. She is over the Nicki Minaj Mariah thing. She is over that.
I didn't even see the picture.
I had no idea because I don't watch cable anymore or even basic TV anymore.
So, it's like I didn't even know. That's just crazy that I shouldn't.
I see the billboards.
Well, in San Francisco. There was a huge one going over the Bay Bridge.
Yeah, so, I mean, that's the crime.
All right, uh, let's see. My Fuse of the Week.
I've been getting like weird side pains again and that always freaks me out.
Because, you know, long time listeners of the show remember like five years ago,
I was in the hospital beating some of that stuff.
So, like every time I get side pains, I get like really freaked out.
Like, oh my God, I'm sick again.
And then it's gas.
Yeah, or like I'm just gaining weight or something.
So, here's to hoping it's fat if nothing else.
Hey, Rob. Avoid the Taco Bell.
What?
I didn't eat Jack in the Box.
Loki talked about it.
I wanted to eat Jack in the Box today.
I really wanted to go there and be late.
But I wanted, we went out for gay brunch as we usually do on Sundays.
And I call it gay brunch because we eat brunch with other gays.
And I wanted to eat healthy.
But I'm sorry, sir. We don't do salads until 1130.
LOL. It's time for red velvet pancakes.
Yeah, I know, right?
Well, I got like Hawaiian bread French toast, which is really good.
Don't get me wrong, but probably not the healthiest thing I could eat.
Whereas Alan's like, well, I was going to eat the veggie omelet,
but I decided I'd go a little dairy and get turkey.
By the way, Alan has lost like a lot of weight.
I was about to say, Alan's doing really, really well.
You think I would like, you know, try to take some cues and do the same thing.
Now you can be the like, what's the old-ass poem Jack Spratt and his wife?
Well, here's the thing.
Alan's got the advantage on me where he walks to work and all that.
And I've been very bad when it gets too motivated for exercise.
Like I really need to really motivate myself to exercise.
It's the only way I'm ever going to change things.
And then snacking. I am a terrible, terrible snacker.
Like that is my weakness.
I really need to just get rid of every horrible snack out of this house
and have nothing but carrots and celery in the fridge so I have no choice.
But then that's not fair at all.
On Fridays at our work, they pop popcorn in the popcorn machine that we have.
And I'm not talking about like a popcorn machine like an air popper.
I'm talking about a big fucking popcorn machine that they have at the movie theater's popcorn machine.
They pop extra popcorn for me.
They gave me a bowl. Like a big-ass bowl.
I eat more popcorn at that company than the fucking people at the company other than me.
Of course, I don't eat it all.
I normally skip lunch that day, but that's a lot of popcorn.
That's a lot of popcorn.
Some questions in the chat room.
Acidic Vampire in the chat says,
Red velvet pancakes? The fuck? I want that.
Is that a West Coast thing for Jack in the Box?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Don't get them, by the way, at Denny's because they're awful.
They just like hush puppies.
They're just red food coloring. Yes.
Denny's does have the red velvet, but it's not like, it's not.
It's on the Hobbit menu so it gives you cancer and makes you live underground.
So here's the thing.
They don't have that at Jack in the Box.
No. Jack in the Box has deep fried tacos.
That's what you get at Jack in the Box.
Red velvet pancakes.
We went to a brunch place once and they happen to have red velvet pancakes.
It was like, oh my God.
That we went to.
Was it Red Rabbit?
I think so.
I went to have the pumpkin and you had red velvet.
Yeah. Fucking amazing.
I want pancakes now.
Good times. Pancakes.
All right. That's it for the FUs of the week.
Skype line soon.
Twitter topic soon as well.
But first, a couple more news stories.
All right.
And let's see here.
Let's talk a little bit about the next generation of Kinect because of course we know that the next Xbox system is going to have Kinect and we need to know what the hell it's going to be able to do.
Well, this may be kind of an idea.
The company that was behind the Kinect sensor in the first place has this cool video that they put out kind of showing what it's going to do.
And basically everything that the original Kinect was supposed to do but didn't actually kind of do.
You know, the whole closed thing.
They're saying that they're going to try to work this technology into pretty much everything into like, you know, non display stuff to all the computers.
And it's just going to work.
It's going to have, you know, high speed tracking, all that stuff.
And actually the little thing that they've got there, the prototype looks exactly like the Kinect with some extra bullshit sticking out of the top.
I'm not really sure what the hell that is, but it's in developers hands right now.
So they're going to be using this and it's called Capri.
The next generation of sensors.
The next generation.
Yeah, they're saying it's supposed to have they're going to be trying to fit it into everyday devices.
And they're seeing it the same resolution as the Kinect.
And it looks it looks pretty cool.
I mean, the video like watching the video reminded me a lot of just like everything like they show this guy at a presentation.
He's, you know, you know, manipulating stuff on the screen as you would think, you know, that you would be able to do.
You know, there's talking about like, you know, even stuff to where, you know, oh, hey, I have someone coming over and facial recognition.
Oh, it's my friend.
It's going to unlock the door for him.
And then he comes in and murders you.
You know, that's for like switching channels on your TV by just like kind of going and moving my hand back and forth.
That type of stuff, because, you know, pushing buttons are both so hard.
Move my hand back and forth.
Swiping a fly away. Your TV's going crazy.
All right. One more news story for you guys.
OK, this isn't gaming technically, but it is the voice of geeks network, you guys.
So once in a while, we got to blur the line a little bit.
And this has to do with a musician who did make one of like the greatest video game songs of the past 10 years still alive from Portal.
Right.
I'm making a joke. Oh, I'm talking about Jonathan.
So nice in person.
He's a lovable nerd.
And so, of course, the Internet rallied to his defense when people kind of wronged him.
This has to do with the Glee issue.
Here's the thing. An upcoming episode of Glee is going to feature Baby Got Back.
Now, Baby Got Back was a Sir Mix-a-Lot song.
But a few years ago, I think it was 2006, Joko did his own version of Baby Got Back.
And it was very different.
The Joko version.
You never heard this, huh?
I listened to it after.
The lounge version by Lounge Against the Machine.
Right, right.
Yeah, Richard Cheeze.
And, you know, of course, Mr. Mix-a-Lot.
So technically it is Sir Mix-a-Lot's song.
And Joko did a cover.
He did a cover, but it was a licensed cover.
He licensed the rights to do that and he made his own original version.
It's very unique and, you know, very different.
It's kind of like Johnny Cash's Hurt.
Like the Nine Inch Nails version. Amazing.
Johnny Cash's version.
Fucking amazing.
It's hard for me to say that because I love the Nine Inch Nails version so much.
But they are both so fucking good.
When Trent Reznor is saying that he likes it better, then you know you've got amazing.
But here's the problem.
Glee, the TV show.
They do a lot of covers and all that stuff.
Here is the Glee version of Baby Got Back set to be on the Sadie Hawkins episode that will be on the 24th.
This song was available in the US iTunes store.
It was pulled. It was still spotted on the Swedish iTunes store.
So yes, this is legit.
See if you see any similarities here in the Glee version of Baby Got Back.
I think I heard that before somewhere.
Look.
It's one thing to cover the song, especially when you're going to do it.
Like the original.
I don't think I need to play the original version of Baby Got Back.
But I'll do the Rob Roberts cover of Baby Got Back.
You ready?
Oh. My. God.
Becky, look at her butt.
It is so big.
Obviously the original was very, very different.
It had the whole beat to it.
So for Glee to just totally rip this off the way they did is kind of shitty.
It's really shitty.
To think that nobody would notice is crazy.
Now, just so you know, Joko, what is making the internet rally around him is that he posted to his Twitter.
I had no idea.
He had no clue.
And he's like, WTF.
And he is trying to see what kind of legal action is available at this point, but it's complicated.
I mean, it wasn't really his song in the first place, although it was his arrangement.
Here's the best part. You might be getting to this, Loki.
In the lyrics, if I were to play the full thing, a part where he changed the lyrics from Sir Mix-a-Lot to Johnny C.
Glee sings in their version, Johnny C.
So you know damn well where they got it.
There is no mystery.
They removed one of them at the end.
The 1-900, he did something else.
1-900 something and then he changed it.
I mean, come on, man.
That is just blatant.
And even he said they stole the arrangement.
There's actually duck sounds or something in the background that he sampled or something that are in that song in exactly the same spot.
Like they stole the instrumental and just sang over it.
So yeah, I don't know what's going to happen from here.
Do you think legally he could do anything about it?
Yeah, he can. I think he can.
If they actually stole the lyrics or whatever?
Yeah, because it's his arrangement.
I think that he definitely has a case.
Well, gee, the folks in the chat rooms really seem to be enjoying the Rob Roberts cover of Baby Got Back.
So big butts and I cannot lie.
You other brothers can't deny.
The original is awesome.
Meanwhile, Alan is like, please stop.
Please don't.
Knock it off.
Yeah, but Alan, you weren't here watching Rob shake his ass.
I like Ross Steel UT's comment.
Seriously, that's some Milli Vanilli shit.
There's a little bit of a clap that I heard in the beginning.
I want them to do the vanilla ice defense where it's like, but see, mine went, you know, the original went boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
But mine went boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
You see, it's different, right?
Totally.
It's totally different.
We added the the in there.
It makes it different.
Yeah.
So under pressure.
Rama in the chat says, wait, hold it.
Glee is still relevant apparently, but it's sinking in the ratings, but they're going to I think I heard they're going to.
I want to know, OK, because it's supposed to be this new guy that's coming to the school or whatever that's hitting on the the, you know, the clearly gay guy on the show.
Isn't it a little awkward to be singing a song about I like big butts and like about all these things about butts that you like and stuff?
Because it seems a little weird.
I mean.
I don't know.
It's just a weird song anyway, because no one over 12 watches Glee in the first place.
And honestly, the people that, you know, watch Glee or whatever, do they really know what baby got back is?
I mean, a lot of the kids were probably not even born when that song came out.
I don't know.
Is it that old?
All I do.
I just I just wish Glee would get canceled.
That's what I wish.
All right.
That does it for news tonight.
That was the last story.
1877 Game OLR.
Our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
The Skype line is open right now if you want to give us a call.
And while we wait for some calls to come in.
Oh, it is already lighting up on the phone.
Let's go to the phones and say hello to whoever's on the line.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hi.
Hi.
Is that Bobby Blackwolf?
It's Bobby.
Hi, Bobby.
You don't sound so good, Bobby.
I feel like a sad panda or I should say a sad little birdie.
What's wrong, Bobby?
Sportsball.
Oh, did you have a rough day at work?
I need to cheer up.
Are there any new games coming out?
I need a diversion.
Not really.
Double may cry.
There's Nino Cooney.
Nino Cooney's coming out this week, Bobby.
You could try the demo.
You could try your face.
Hey, wait.
Bobby, that's a response after my own heart.
That's the Jamie defense right there.
Okay, Bobby, it's just a game, Bobby.
Here, I got something to help you out, okay?
Let's go back to a time when your team was winning things,
which I don't know if that actually exists,
but we'll make believe that there was a time your team was winning things.
No, seriously, you posted on Twitter this week some classic G4 material,
which is appropriately timed with the whole G4 officially dead,
even though many of us say it had the life sucked out of it years ago.
You were posting some classic stuff from G4's little 2020-style show Pulse, right?
Right.
It wasn't 2020 as much as it was just the news.
It kind of had a 2020 vibe to me, but yeah.
How many legit gamer news shows do you see on TV now?
Not a lot.
Yeah, exactly.
But it was a clip from the Philly Classic Game Expo, right?
Right. It was from 2004, in I think March of 2004,
and it was the Philly Classic Gaming Expo,
and I was actually a co-organizer of it along with a couple other people,
one of which was another moderator on the forums over at G4.
We had all converged on Philly Classic 4 the year before,
and we kind of had a table, and it was kind of a G4 forum meetup and stuff,
and we had about 15 people.
And for Philly Classic 5, it was like 50 people.
It was kind of like our PAX08 experience.
Yeah, oh man, I love PAX08.
But it was basically the G4 version of it.
Right.
And what a lot of people in the OR audience latched onto
was the fact that when I was on it, Beardless,
because this was before the beard,
there was a little bit of Bimani behind me,
and that was actually my setup at the show.
So as much as I rag on Bimani now, it wasn't dead then.
I think 7th Style had just come out maybe,
or it was right around that time.
I'm not dead yet.
And this was before Guitar Hero, so I'm like,
these are classics, instant classics, that's what I'll call it.
And he wanted some Ruddy Gore, Mark Wolf, who's in the video.
He kind of wanted some other different type of stuff,
so I'm like, fine, I'll bring my stuff,
all my import consoles and everything,
and I brought my stereo system and they provided the TV,
and I would run that weekend, I think I ran Beatmania 2DX,
I had Para Para Paradise, which we played once,
because of just the spacing.
I had Taiko no Tetsujin, and I had Donkey Konga,
I had both versions.
And Tommy Tallarico was the first time he had ever played it.
Oh wow.
And so one of the pictures I posted up on Twitter
was actually Tommy Tallarico playing Taiko no Tetsujin for the first time.
Oh, funny.
Because he was there, he was one of the guests there,
they actually had, I think it was Philly Classic 4,
they actually had, and I can't remember her name,
but the woman from Tron?
Olivia Wilde?
No, the original Tron.
Oh, Wendy, they did the music, right?
No, the woman who played the love interest.
Oh!
I think it's the only thing she's ever done that anybody remembers.
Because there was a movement to bring her back for the new movie,
it didn't work.
Yeah, but that's where I met Sid Meier,
showed up there, and in Philly Classic 5,
they had Howard Scott Warshaw, who made E.T. and all that stuff.
But it was a lot of fun, and I exposed a lot of people to that.
And then I also would run Guitar Man and Rez, as well.
So it was a whole music game, my area was like the music game area.
It looked like a lot of fun, even though music games that you were bringing
maybe weren't quote-unquote classic games,
still, I like the instant classic touch on it, it was still a convention.
Music games show up at every convention, deal with it.
Other people had the DDR stuff, I'm like,
I don't do the DDR, I'm doing all the other stuff.
There you go, trying to bring the other stuff to life.
If you like DDR, then you might like...
Why, I mean, it's not running anymore, though, right?
It folded, I'm sure business reasons or whatever.
They wanted to, we had big plans for Philly Classic 6,
but unfortunately, the people that were up in Philadelphia that ran it,
there was a little bit of drama.
Essentially, the short version that I kind of remember
is that they had kind of passed the keys on to another guy
who completely changed the show,
and he changed it to something else, and it folded after two or three years.
So they had trusted somebody else with it,
and he's like, yeah, the classic games are kind of cool and stuff,
but we're going to expand.
And he thought, really, really big, and then it petered out.
That sucks. You should definitely check out some day.
I know it involves traveling to California,
but California Extreme is an awesome classic game show
with all the old-school arcade machines and stuff.
That's the kind of thing I think of.
It's really, really lots of fun.
There was one of the local arcade distributors
that still worked in arcades with a lot of the classic systems.
They were on the East Coast somewhere,
but they brought 50 arcade machines all set to free play to this show.
Basically, what we did is, leading up to my little rhythm game thing,
they had the gaming experience through time.
You could go up and go to these consoles,
and they started at the Magnavox Odyssey and then an Atari 2600,
all going up to Xbox, PlayStation 2 and stuff.
So you could actually go down the line and see the next console in time.
It's like an interactive timeline.
Yeah.
Awesome.
We did stuff like that, and it was a lot of fun.
Many folks in chat saying, we should have a vogcon.
We could have a vogcon some day.
It's not outside the realm of possibility.
And then Brad from Pod Culture,
why don't you have vogcon in Atlanta the day before Dragon Con?
Yeah, because why don't we just have it at Dragon Con?
Probably the smartest idea.
I think certainly there should be, whether it's official or unofficial,
a vog event at Dragon Con is certainly within the realm of possibility for this year.
Well, I've said we're going to have an official event.
That's pretty much been confirmed to me.
Obviously, I won't know for certain until next month.
Right.
No, we've already got an official panel, which means we'll be in the program and all that stuff.
But then other events, there's a huge gaming area, tabletop gaming area downstairs,
and we could easily commandeer a corner of that one night.
Awesome.
For just us.
So it sounds like if you want to meet as many vog people as possible,
Atlanta's going to be the place to be Labor Day weekend.
That's right.
There you go.
You should do it.
I won't be as depressed about sportsball.
What's that?
I won't be as depressed about sportsball.
Yes, it'll all be over by then.
If the Niners lose in a couple weeks, we'll make you feel better?
No, see, I want them to win now because that means we lost to the champions.
Ah, that's a good way of thinking about it.
And here's the thing that made it worse, the sportsball thing worse,
is because of the whole video game industry tie-in on my Twitter.
The majority of the video game industry, especially the PR contacts, guess where they live?
Of course, the Bay Area. I know that, yes.
So I did not check my personal Twitter all day. I just could not take it.
Couldn't handle it.
Actually, I think the saddest picture you posted was the confetti cannon behind you guys,
and you just put unused.
Yes, it was right there.
I actually took another picture of just my drum next to it and everybody else had left.
It was just my drum next to the confetti cannon, but yeah.
I'm sorry. Hey, there's always next year.
There is.
Well, Bobby, focus on the positive. Lots of good things coming with VOG and all that in the future.
You did not have a show this week, sadly, but tell the folks where they can catch you next week.
Right here on VOG. I'm the opening act, and I will be live next week.
I will not be live the following week because of sportsball.
And that was the other bad, because I go to a party because it's time I see a lot of my friends,
and so I never do a show on the big super sportsball day.
Right.
The first couple messages I got from my friends, instead of saying,
oh man, sorry, and all that stuff, and yeah, it was a closed game, blah, blah, blah.
No, they were like, yes, this means you're coming to our Super Bowl party and bringing your pizza dip.
And I was like, guys.
Would you have actually had to fly to wherever they were having the Super Bowl this year?
The plan was we were going to go to New Orleans.
Even if we couldn't get into the game, we were going to do events, corporate events around New Orleans,
maybe playing some of the bars.
We'd march the tailgates outside of the Superdome, and then we'd go to a bar and watch the game at a bar.
Tell me more about this pizza dip.
It's a trade secret.
Maybe Loki will have a reason to come to Atlanta if the wife will let him.
All right, so visit our co-headliner, Bobby Blackwell, Sunday nights at the Voice of the Geeks Network, 5 o'clock.
We may actually end up being off on that Sunday too, the Super Sunday as well.
It's our lowest rated night of the year for obvious reasons.
And I also was given a tip that it is the best day to go to a theme park near here.
Not Disneyland, but one of the other ones, Magic Mountain.
So I may go to Magic Mountain.
All right.
We'll see.
So, yep.
And so thank you.
You guys cheered me up.
Thank you, guys.
Oh, thank you.
I'm glad we could.
And I'm glad we get to have you at the end of our show because you're always kind enough to have us on every week.
I also cheered you up by beating all your scores on For the Horizon.
Stop it.
All right.
Go kick his ass.
Bobby, Bobby, Bobby.
Making hearts in your direction.
Oh, thank you.
Because I feel bad for your team.
Oh, my God.
You got dark Sakura kind of to care about football.
That should make you feel better than anything else.
And see, I would have gotten a ring.
If we had gone in two weeks and one, I would have gotten a ring.
Well, you know what?
There's always next year?
At Dragon Con, I'll get you some onion rings.
How's that sound?
From the varsity.
They should understand that they should launch the puppy out of the cannon for a puppy bowl.
No.
Half time.
I'm letting you go, Bobby.
Take care.
All right.
Maybe a ferret instead.
One eight seven seven game.
All our user name on Skype is orange launch radio.
Bobby was a little bit longer than we usually have the calls, but he's Bobby.
He can do that.
Anyhow.
Also, we got Twitter topics coming in.
Twitter dot com slash O L R.
And we can read some of those topics here.
Let's see.
Oh, no.
We got more calls coming in.
Never mind.
Let's take the calls instead.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
It's Code Man.
Down for maintenance podcast.
How you doing?
Code Man from Down for maintenance podcast.
How you guys doing?
You know.
All right.
Great football news today.
But, you know, I like your picture.
It's very army.
Yeah, that's my tattoo.
What does your tattoo say?
I know you didn't call in to talk about that, but I'm asking anyway.
Whatever our souls are made of.
Hers and mine are the same.
It's for me and my wife.
Adorable.
Oh, wow.
Jeez.
Well, after the Bobby call and then now this little aw, I kind of feel down.
But that was good.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
Well, we cheered Bobby up.
What's on your mind tonight, buddy?
Well, you know, that call, it kind of made me think of, you know, I live in Oklahoma.
Our team, our sports ball team, our college team didn't do very well this year either.
But we usually do, you know, pretty well.
We just didn't show up to any of the games mentally, I guess you would say.
Look on the bright side.
Your college team, at least their girlfriends are real.
True.
There you go.
Right.
Yeah.
No, I just wanted to call and say hi to you guys.
And, you know, I this is actually I'm actually getting a chance to call you guys.
The baby is asleep and I'm actually getting a chance to call in.
So I'm excited about that.
Well, I'll bring this up because I'm looking through the Twitter topics for tonight.
And I noticed you sent us a tweet.
And after show this to people in studio, you tweeted me with a power glove.
Ah, it's so bad.
You actually tweeted us a picture of yourself.
I'm showing the others in studio there a picture of you holding the power glove.
And I like this little artsy pose you're doing with it, too.
It's very like I really like your scarf.
Yeah.
Thank you.
You got a scarf.
It's very hipster, but not in a douchebag way.
I like it.
Well, that was actually that was a very that was a very drunken night.
I don't like to talk about it, but oh, I see.
No, I was over at a friend's house and he had a power glove.
He just had it up on display because I think that's pretty much all you can really do with it.
And we took it down and started taking a whole bunch of pictures.
And I actually took a picture punching him in the face with it, too.
So that was that was pretty funny.
Well, they call it a power glove for a reason.
So obviously, yeah.
No, I I listen to you guys show.
And I I just oh, just, you know, like like John on on our podcast, he's from he's from California as well.
And it just makes me just so sad at all the stuff that you guys can do in California and I can't do here in Oklahoma.
And it makes me it just makes me sad.
Well, however, you have Waffle House, right?
We do have Waffle House, although you don't really want to go in there most of the time because some of the plates are a little a little dirty.
But you have Waffle House and you should be glad for that fact because we don't have Waffle House and we never will.
And I was going to say Oklahoma at least has Dunkin Donuts and we're not getting those until apparently 2015 is announced this week.
But at least we're finally going to get them in SoCal.
I miss Waffle House, Rob.
Wow.
Good.
I want no. Yes, it is.
I want my chocolate chip pancakes extra crispy.
Thank you.
Those are good. Those are very good.
What are you allowing the fact that we don't have Dunkin Donuts here?
Yeah.
I figured you probably would.
No, no.
It's the it is like the number one thing when I tell people on the East Coast, like, you know, because I'll go out to visit.
I'll go to New York or even when I was at PAX.
I'm like, fuck, yes.
We've got to go to Dunkin Donuts.
Oh, my God. I haven't had Dunkin Donuts in forever. We got to go.
And like my friends are like, the fuck?
Like, really? I'm like, no, you don't understand.
I live in California.
I don't have Dunkin Donuts.
And they're like, where the fuck do you get donuts?
I made tiara drive me to Dunkin Donuts in Las Vegas.
Yeah. I mean, they don't.
It's it's Mon Pop stores or if you can find a Krispy Kreme that didn't go under.
That's it.
Wow.
Krispy Kreme.
Krispy Kreme.
Yeah. Krispy Kreme is few and far between in Oklahoma.
There's a couple of them around where I live.
But yeah, they're they're pretty hard to find.
Krispy Kreme in Alabama is like Starbucks.
Yeah, that's what we have here. Starbucks everywhere.
Krispy Kreme.
Well, trying to bring it back to video games a little bit.
I know you have been playing a little more Forza Horizon lately as well.
I know that's something you were talking about on Down for Maintenance.
So what are your thoughts on Forza?
I love it.
And I'll tell you the reason why I love it.
And I've mentioned this on my podcast.
I said, you know, I I think the last.
Oh, my dryer just went off.
The last the last racing game I played was like Cruising USA and like Bowling Alley arcade.
And so and so it brings I don't know, it kind of brings me back to that kind of racing.
It's very arcadey. And I like that about it.
And and the fact that you can you can race against people in your car club and then and then you can have your car club race against other people.
And I think that's a really, really neat concept.
Of course, they could have had that before.
And I just never discovered racing games on, you know, these kinds of consoles.
But I don't know. It's a really fun game.
Although I really, really want to race somebody in the car club and I haven't raced them yet.
Well, we're going to try to set a date and time for either this week or next.
We'll we'll tweet about it. We need everybody possible to come join in on the fun.
So look out for that, including Loki. Yes.
Well, Loki, he's all over it. He's been on that thing like white on rice, man.
It's crazy. Absolutely. Absolutely.
I kind of took a break to make more details.
In fact, I'm making a spoiler, a sticker for the back of my car.
The back of my car is this. How are you? How am I driving? One eight seven seven game.
It's advertisement. Yeah, it's all over the car.
You are so dumb, but I love it. All right.
Code man, tell the folks how they can tune into your podcast, which you you do Google Hangouts and stuff now, too.
Right. You guys. Yeah. You're playing with your format.
Are you going to you're going to switch to video or what?
We kind of do it back and forth every once in a while.
We just kind of dabble in audio and video.
But yeah, you can find us on YouTube at YouTube dot com backslash the DFM podcast.
And you can follow us on Twitter at the DFM podcast.
Then, of course, you can find us on iTunes at the DFM.
Just look search for the DFM or the down for maintenance podcast.
And yeah, we should be on there.
We're we're on our eighth episode, actually, the next episode, which you dark soccer are going to guest on.
Yes. If you if you remember, I haven't sent you a reminder.
So I don't know. I put it on my phone. So I've got everything.
I have an alarm going off. That's what you've got to be is in the phone.
I've made new plans that kind of stat because, you know, I wanted to get all three of you guys on all at once.
But I you know, I knew that, you know, with with all kinds of different, you know, time schedules and stuff like that, I probably couldn't manage that.
So, you know, we will have all three of you on now. So that's awesome.
Well, thank you very much for having us on and expertly plugged. Appreciate it. Best of luck with your show.
Thank you very much, Rob. Tell the guys over there. I said hi at your next show. We will. All right. Take care, buddy.
See ya. See ya.
Whoa. We can squeeze in one more call. One eight seven seven game.
O.L.R. or a username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio. All one word.
Going to some more Twitter topics. SGA 100 Max sending us a couple tweets.
A pinball arcade museum in L.A. that is run by just one woman.
How have I not heard of this place? It's in L.A. I could go there on my way to Disneyland someday.
I'm trying to bring up the link right now. It is on a place called Arcade Heroes.
Let's see. It is in the L.A. area. It's called Pins and Needles.
I love it. This place looks awesome. I'm going to do more research on that.
You can check that out at arcadeheroes.com. That's the link that SSJ100 Matt just sent us.
That would be a great name for a store that sells jukeboxes and pinball machines.
Yeah. Let's see. Something he saw at Magfest.
An original Atari 2600 game with the classic cartridge box and manual.
CGE Adventures. It is amazing how people are still making stuff for the Atari 2600 even today.
You can get all kinds of repros of stuff that were prototypes. Repro prototypes.
That's how we have a millipede for 5200.
Even some of those flashback consoles had some of the design challenge winners.
Funny enough, I remember Bobby earlier was talking about Howard Scott Warshaw at the Expo in Philly.
Saboteur, his last game, I think, was one of those games that showed up in a flashback console at some point.
It's kind of interesting. You do still see those show up in one place or another.
Again, 1877 Game O.L.R. or a username on Skype. Orange Lounge Radio.
Tiger Koa sending us some tweets. More League of Legends players banned for toxic behavior.
Apparently League of Legends is not going to put up with that shit anymore where people are harassing other people.
Banned two prominent esports players for their toxic behavior in game.
The peak harassment score placed the account among the worst .06 of all European accounts this month.
That was InVision's account. He was banned.
You know what? Good for them.
Be accountable for your attitude in games.
People want to be so anonymous. I've been doing a lot of PVP and WoW this week.
I'll talk about this on Hoard House. Plug plug later.
Just some toxic fucking attitudes in these games that ruin it for everybody.
I'm really glad to hear that League of Legends has taken some drastic moves to eliminate that shit.
Also a tweet from Tiger Koa saying,
Games destigmatize violence, says a Connecticut governor.
Well, that's probably all that needs to be said about that.
Another politician putting their big ass foot in the conversation.
Lastly here, Raw Steel UT.
In light of how the media readily brought Manti Teo's dead girlfriend story,
have any of you been fooled by fake stories?
Oh, I'm sure we have here on OLR.
I mean, it happens. There'll be an article that spreads like wildfire.
We don't like to think we're breaking the news.
Once in a while we get a little tip, but we try not to make a big deal out of it.
Sometimes we talk about a game called Disney Infinity.
It's a hidden secret for our listeners, and that's the way we want it to be.
We learned the hard way many years ago that sometimes you don't necessarily want things to blow up out of proportion.
You don't have to be the guy that gets credited for breaking the news.
No one remembers it anyway.
Exactly. No one remembers it in this day and age anyway.
But yes, I'm sure in the history of this show we've been fooled by fake stories.
Unfortunately, none are coming to mind.
Hey, I'm sure back in the day when we were all younger, I'm sure some of us fell for the old EGM magazine pranks
like that Shang Long was actually a character in Street Fighter.
Nope.
Or Ermac was actually in Mortal Kombat.
No.
Oh, sure. Say that now.
Well, I also worked in an arcade for a while too and could actually check some of these machines myself.
So you knew at that age how to go into the chips and actually look in the programming?
Yep, I totally knew that.
No, Rob, what I knew is that usually on April 1st there are going to be pranks done.
I don't believe a damn thing on April 1st.
But they were in magazines.
Or in April Editions.
And we were younger.
But they were the April Editions.
Yeah, but Rob, I'm special.
You guys are no fun at all.
I'm special.
No fun zone, everybody. That's why nobody's calling in. They know it's a no fun zone.
All right. Last minute stories, Loki. Anything?
Blockposter UK has closed 160 of its stores because they're in administration right now.
Kind of a repeat of what they did over here in US.
There's a pretty cool THQ sale going on right now on Amazon.
You can get a bunch of games for 25 bucks. 19 games.
Most of which you probably have by now through the Humble Bundle or all the other Amazon sales that they've done.
I know I have a lot of these games.
Actually, I think I have all these games right now.
Except for Nexuiz. I don't have Nexuiz.
But I'm not buying this for that.
MX vs ATV reflex. I don't have that either.
What else?
Oh, Starbreeze. I guess they have a new game coming out called Storm.
I haven't released anything other than that.
But apparently they have an image teasing it.
I guess we'll hear more about that during E3.
Hopefully it's better than Syndicate.
If not sooner.
That is it.
That's it.
Well, I guess that's going to do it for OLR tonight.
No more calls coming in.
That's all right.
Everybody's too depressed about football. I get it. It's cool.
Oh, and the killer is dead is pretty awesome looking.
Which I mentioned about a year ago.
But it's the new Suda51 game.
And it kind of has that whole Killer7 vibe to it.
Where it's all kind of salty and stuff.
But very bloody.
I remember with some of the games that they did after Killer7.
It was kind of toned down.
They had the whole No More Heroes had money spewing out of them instead of blood.
Well, this is definitely blood.
Lots of blood and a guy with a big drill on his arm.
That sounds like my kind of game.
He's Mr. Driller now.
Mr. Driller.
All right.
Well, that brings us to a close.
Another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
But not until we go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
First off, of course, we always like to say thank you for downloading and checking out our show.
It is a free show.
We haven't played a commercial for the same game 20 weeks in a row.
We pay a little bit out of pocket because it's our hobby.
Whatever.
And actually, I've got to say, I do want to tip my hat.
People have been very kind in a pay it forward kind of way.
We're like, you know, we've just had some nice things donated like Brad from Pod Culture.
All these mics you see are we're donated.
And we do get, you know, like Grandpa from Hoard House gave a lot of money to Vogue on our anniversary.
Helped Kristen years ago.
It helped out a big way.
The soundboard.
That's how we got to PAX.
So, you know, pay it forward is kind of the motto here.
Not to, you know, bring up a cheesy movie from years ago.
But if you enjoy Orange Lounge Radio, just spread the word.
Tell a friend or two about the show and help us spread the word about the show.
And that's all we ask.
Thank you to everyone who bought me games.
And thank you to everybody who listened tonight.
Whether it be live or on the podcast.
You guys rock.
Thank you, Greg Proops.
And I still have steam games to give away at some point.
Haven't figured out how to do that yet.
And also, somewhere buried over there.
I think I see it.
We still have the Megaran album to give away for something.
Yeah, we need to just do like a big closeout around here.
Alright, let's go around and get everybody's final thought for the night.
Jamie, you shut off the iPad.
You're good to go.
What's your final thought tonight?
It's hard to do a show on the iPad.
Loki, your final thought tonight?
I have a new CD of music to listen to.
Thanks for, was it, all the inspiration.
I guess Dubstep Arena channel on Forza Horizon.
Although, it's not really, most of it's not really Dubstep.
It's like just electronica.
My final thought for the night is why can Horde never win Isle of Conquest?
Stop being terrible, Horde.
I hate you.
Alright, that's going to do it for another episode of Orange Launch Radio.
Thank you guys very much for tuning in and supporting the show.
We'll be back to do it all again next week.
So, have a wonderful night and a wonderful week.
Stay safe.
All still true.
See you next week.
Bye.
