Orange Lounge Radio
Who's the hosts? DarkSakura, Skie, and Loki
Tonight, January 27th, 2013, rumor next Xbox and Playstation specs leak,
Nintendo unveils new games, and the classic gaming company goes bankrupt.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this January 27th, 2013, episode number 491 of our program on this lovely Sunday evening.
My name is Rob Roberts with you all at the Voice of Geeks Network, VOG at Network.com, where we do tape our show every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
Joining me in studio to talk about video games and gaming culture and gaming lolz, emphasis on lolz, are my co-hosts.
First off, the one and only DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Lol.
How are you?
I'm free.
Free?
Free.
Free as a bird.
I quit my job.
Congratulations! Yay, applause.
Now I need another one, but I have an interview on Monday.
There you go. Just line them right up.
But I'm not going to go into any detail about it because she's crazy.
Yeah.
So, um, but yeah, free.
There you go.
Free.
Happy. Happy.
And that same night I had Noki, so it was awesome.
I'm reminded of that scene from Braveheart, even though I can't stand Belle Gibson, but you know, freedom!
You know, forget it.
Anyhow, I'll also say hello to the free tech master, Loki.
Hello.
Terrible transition, I know. How are you, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
And what won the dinner lottery for tonight?
Ultimate cheeseburger from Jack in the Box.
Healthy as always, huh?
I was hungry. I didn't eat anything all day, so, you know.
Alright, our chat room is open and welcoming your live comments.
Live.vognetwork.com where Breakman in our chat room starts off tonight saying,
Quitting a job is one of the greatest experiences anyone can have.
Was it like that scene from, what movie was that? Was that Half Baked or something?
Where the guys work in a fast food restaurant and he goes,
Fuck you. Fuck you. Fuck you. You're cool. I'm out.
I haven't seen Half Baked. Did I need to?
You need to make like a list, you know, for your, because is Monday going to be your first full day off?
Did you quit Friday or Thursday?
I quit Thursday. She's paying me for Friday.
Okay.
And which I got, I saved, I actually saved a photo of the text message.
So if she doesn't, I can nail her.
Well, I was going to say, on Monday, you should have an unemployment marathon
and you can watch like, you know, Falling Down with Michael Douglas.
You can watch, you know.
You know what?
Half Baked.
On Monday.
Waiting, that would be a good one too.
On Monday, though, I have an appointment in the morning and a job interview.
Oh.
So it was sort of like, and I, it's funny, I, okay, I'll talk about this later, but I got a cat
and I thought I could go pick her up a little bit early and then I ended up forgetting the paperwork at home,
so I had to turn back around.
The moment I started unlocking my door, I called about the other jobs, so.
Well, let's talk about that.
I did want to start off, you know, before we get into how was our gaming week.
We have some personal life updates we wanted to get out there.
And so, yes, let's talk about Dark Sakura.
Mommy once again for a new kitty, right?
Yes, I have a new cat.
Her name is Midna.
I almost named her Aerie, but Midna seems to fit her better.
She's very impish.
And there's people that might not catch the reference.
It's from Legend of Zelda Twilight Princess.
There you go.
Which is funny, the other day I was like, so our little princess is perched on the couch
and Dan's like, yeah, Twilight Princess.
It was pretty funny.
She's about eight months old, maybe a little older, I don't know, but she's tiny.
She's still tiny and very lithe and has lime green eyes and she's all black.
Actually, I thought she was all completely black,
but she has like a few little white hairs scattered across her chest.
Sounds like Maruko.
Yeah, but she's really short-furred.
She's short-furred, but she does walk with her tail in the air like he did.
She's not really, I'd say, she doesn't press about, you know, but she does jump around a lot.
And she adopted one of Shermie's toys as hers.
So I was like, well, Shermie loved it, so I'm glad the new kitty loves it.
But she's so smart.
She comes in the back room, looks at me, and then runs away.
And I'm like, what?
So she runs back in the room and looks at me and makes a squeak, so I follow her.
She picks up this toy in her mouth.
It's like one of these long felt things on a string.
She picks it up in her mouth, carries it over to me, and drops it at my feet.
Like, hear mother play.
So I was like, okay.
She does this all the time.
And then like when I'm done playing, she'll just pick it up and carry it off in the corner and start licking it.
And she hasn't had any accidents.
Normally, in my experience with a kitten, they have like a couple little poopy or pee-pee accidents.
Not a single one.
She knows where her box is.
Good kitty.
Yeah, she's a good baby.
And she's just smart and she's cuddly.
But because she's still kind of a kitten, she loses attention really quickly.
So she's like, okay, I'm done cuddling play.
Tigerclaw, our resident internet research expert at live.vognetwork.com, found the picture that you posted on Twitter this week, apparently.
Yeah, the one picture I did on Twitter.
All the chatters are now going, duh.
But I think I got it uploaded.
If you go to my Tumblr, which is kurotsubasa.
K-U-R-O-U-T-S-U-B-A.
Whatever tsubasa is spelled like.
You don't even know how to spell your own damn name.
T-S-U-B-A-S-A.
Maybe you need a less complicated name.
Shut up.
Like janeshepard2.tumblr.com or something.
It's kurotsubasa.tumblr.com.
Maybe that's too much.
No.
But she's, I have a video of her playing on my Tumblr.
I just tried to upload it from my phone.
And Brad, I don't care if you don't like cats.
You don't have to live with her.
She's my cat, not yours.
But she's adorable.
She's sweet.
Dogs can be cute too.
Not really.
Especially corgis.
They stink.
Especially corgis.
I met a corgi at PetSmart when I was buying stuff for Midna.
Were you tempted?
No.
Were you tempted almost?
Because I found out first hand now that I'm actually the same type of allergic to corgis
I am to other dogs.
Oh.
Tragedy.
Yeah.
I keep telling Alan when we get a house someday, it's gonna be Corgi Village.
Yes, break man.
My cat is all black.
But she's got just like a few scattering white furs on her chest.
Like Dark Sakura's heart.
Yeah.
My heart is black with white fur.
Alright.
Anyhow.
Anything else before we move on to other stuff?
She's just funny to watch explore.
She's really cute.
I love my new kitty.
I mean, but I still get a little nostalgic for Shermie, you know?
I can't...
I almost picked up Shermie's mousey to give to the new kitten and I was like, I can't
do it.
Well AkumaJP in our chat room has a theory saying, you know, cats do come back.
Cats do come back.
You never know.
But this cat was alive before Shermie died.
Because I've got her shot records from September.
You never know.
Well, she just doesn't act at all like Shermie did.
She's completely different than Shermie.
I mean, she's cuddly and sweet and everything.
But even, but Shermie was still stupidly neurotic when she was that old.
You don't want to replace it.
Like, you're not trying to replace Shermie.
No, I'm not trying to replace Shermie.
It's not like I'm getting Shermie 2.0, the sequel for MatchingService.com.
You know, I've just got, I've got Midna now.
Although her other nickname, her other name is Ninja.
Because when Dan brought the cousins over and he texted me from home and said, hey,
where's the cat?
Did you take her to the show?
I'm like, no.
First of all, like her carrier is still out in the dining room.
Hello.
And I think that my cat would probably freak out if I tried to bring her.
Um, but, um, Dan ended up finding her under the liner underneath the couch.
Now, Brad would like to clarify what he said earlier.
He says being deathly allergic might have a bit to do with the hatred.
Well, yeah, I could, I could see that.
Well, I'm like that with dogs, but I love dogs, but I'm stupidly allergic to them.
Yeah.
I mean, it probably the only dog I think I could get away with having would be a pit,
a pit or a boxer.
No, thank you.
I'm going to tell you something, Rob.
Pit bulls are actually among the most loyal and sweetest dogs, but they do require a good
trainer.
La, la, la, la, la.
Your sentence didn't contain the word corgi.
Stop caring.
Like I could have like a Yorkie, but Dan is like, they're not real dogs.
All right.
Can we move on from kitty kitty puppy chat as much as I'm sure people, you know, who
did a video game podcast probably wouldn't mind kitty puppy chat.
You know, we do have to talk video games at some point, but my cat's awesome, but I have
another personal story real quick.
Okay.
So oil art today, like seriously almost didn't happen.
And it's because we went to Reno this weekend.
Uh, just, it was a random thing.
I've been having cabin fever lately.
You know, the last big trip we took was when I didn't even go there with Alan.
I went with Victoria, but Disneyland in September was like the last like trip I went outside
of the Bay area.
I don't count Bay area trips cause it's like my second home.
So like, you know, it'd been a few months since we'd really gone anywhere.
So I was like, let's go somewhere.
Let's go to Chico, my old hometown, or let's go to, uh, let's go to Reno or something.
So we decided to go to Reno because we looked at the forecast and it was sunny, sunny, sunny,
sunny, partially cloudy.
We're like, okay, we won't run into any issues.
Sure.
It's winter, but it'll be fine.
We'll be able to see some of the snow that's up there and we can go gamble.
So we drove up there, no problem.
And that's some fun.
And I do want to talk about casinos in a minute because yes, it does relate to video games.
Uh, but then this morning, Oh crap, it snowed overnight.
And apparently, yeah.
Uh, like at least an inch of snow fell over the mountains and that means the chain controls
are on.
Well, I don't have an SUV.
I don't carry chains.
I don't know how to put on chains.
I don't even think I'm supposed to use chains in my car.
I think I have to use these vinyl things regardless.
I don't really want to have to deal with all that fuckery.
So I'm like, great.
Now I'm like the word fuckery.
Yeah.
You'll hear that word a lot on tonight's show, by the way.
Uh, the word of the day is fuckery.
Um, where fucks are made.
That's where the fuck comes from.
That's a fuckery.
Anyhow, speaking of fuckery, uh, we're leaving Reno and uh, yeah, no, finally the snow, I
guess melted around noon cause the sun finally came up and the clouds parted.
I was very happy because I did not want to have to miss tonight's show.
And more importantly, I did not want to have to miss work tomorrow because stupid me doesn't
know how to put chains on a fricking car.
Anyhow, crisis averted.
But the cool thing about being in Reno is that you get to see all the new toys and I'll tell you
what, they dump a lot of money into casino games.
I don't know how often you guys like go into casinos and stuff, but there's a lot of like neat
technology to try and bring in your money.
Um, you may or may not know this, but a company that we've talked about on the show for a long
time, Konami, has a huge, uh, game making business in slot machines.
That's a huge part of their business.
They make a lot of various slot machines.
If you ever, you know, if you're old enough and you're at the casino, look at the corner of some
of the slot machine games, you'll sometimes see that they're made by Konami.
But what really like struck me as interesting is that a lot of the, um, okay, wait, I have to
clarify this cause the folks in chat are like, really?
An inch of snow?
You were freaking out over an inch of snow.
Hold on. All right.
In my defense, we're in California.
We don't get like snow ever.
Unless you live in Tahoe.
Unless you, yeah.
California does have its very beautiful snowy parts.
I don't live, I don't live there.
I live in the sacraments where it gets up to 105 or no, my favorite term I heard this week.
100 and fuck.
Sacra ghetto.
I live in Sacra ghetto, California, and it gets up to like 105 here in the summer.
So yes, the littlest snow will freak me out in our cars.
We don't, we don't antifreeze.
What kind of fuckery is antifreeze?
We don't use that shit here.
Like this is just not something we're used to.
So yes, an inch of snow is a big deal.
Thank you, Bobby Black Wolf.
It's not a phrase I say very often on this show.
Oh no, no, no, no.
Just kidding.
But he says, I understand freaking out over an inch of snow.
I live in Georgia.
I'm from Alabama.
We actually did get snow in Mobile, which is technically a subtropical climate, but
everything shuts down and you can't find bread.
SSJ 100 Matt says, you don't need chains for an inch of snow.
You'll be safe in lower gear.
Ah, but is that true going up and down a 5,000 foot mountain?
That's probably the difference.
That's why you're fine.
Eh, whatever.
Anyway, well tell the CHP that.
Okay.
So anyway, we're back to the casino games.
Just drift, man.
Come on.
The part about gaming.
Uh, the part about gaming.
Uh, there are some interesting technology in some of these games.
Okay, so don't laugh.
But Alan and I were looking at a sex in the city slot machine.
It was huge.
Shut up.
I saw the picture and I didn't get the reference.
This thing looked like it was like $100,000 machine.
I mean, it was like super fancy, right?
And we didn't play it.
We didn't give it any money, but we were looking at it cause we're like, this is like,
this screen is like twice the size of what you see on like a Derby's owner club.
And you look at the little.
How ironic that you would use that reference to a horse game.
I see what you did there.
All right, so we're looking at the screen and we look carefully at the little rolls
of the slot machine.
It's in 3D like the screens are in 3D and I'm like, they're using the same technology
in the three, like no glasses or anything, right?
They're using that glasses free technology.
Dan's old phone had it.
That you see in the 3DS and all that stuff on slot machines now.
Man, her face is really long.
Although I have to say I'm like the least girly girl ever cause I didn't understand
the maker of those shoes or whatever.
It's all right.
It's all right.
Uh, so yeah, there was a 3D game I played later.
It was called, um, don't laugh.
It was called ladybug wedding too.
And I won more money on that machine that did anything.
Okay, look, Alan and I have the Alan.
Alan, come here.
I need to put you on the spot.
Hi Alan.
How are you?
What happened?
Good.
Did you enjoy Reno?
I did.
So I'm talking about like some of the technology we saw in the casinos.
Did you find the technology that they use in slot machines like fascinating?
Yeah.
Um, once we passed the big monolith sex in the city thing to make fun of it.
Um, I then started noticing those 3D screens on a lot of the other newer machines and it
was kind of like how the 3DS is where it's not so much that it pops out, but especially
like it, it looks like recess, like you can see like, you know, an inch, like it looks
like you're looking inside the screen.
Uh, code man in our chat room says I work in the casino business and Konami has a whole
separate business for casinos.
They work closely with Bali.
They, they make some amazing pinball machines and code man continues.
Those machines are made up, have four separate screens on top of each other.
It was interesting to see them broken down.
The ladybug game I was playing had that thing going on, but the sex in the city was like
a true 3D, but yeah, the four screen 3D trick was really cool.
Like it was, it was a neat effect, but okay.
So to justify why I was playing ladybug wedding to tell the listeners about your strategy
when it comes to slot machines, my friend, uh, Ira, who I've known for several years,
um, he made a comment on the picture post I made on Facebook of the sex in the city
city machine and he's like, I'm dead serious.
Play the gayest, most flamboyant slots you can find.
Cause I did, I played some like unicorn magic bullshit in Las Vegas and won $1,100.
And I was like, all right, so I played a unit.
I found a unicorn slot and I found it too.
Guess how gay this is?
Village people themed slot machines.
I was down about 25 bucks.
I made all my money back and ended the night ahead, $12.
This, this motherfucker hit the super jackpot on the village people slot machine.
Yeah.
I put in a five and it cashed out like $37.
I was like, I just made all my money back and I'm ahead 12.
I cause I thought I just blew 20 bucks.
I don't even want, I made it all back.
You get with hitting the super jackpot on a village people machine.
Well, ironically, like a stage show occurring.
Ironically, you're trying to avoid the pooper.
And yes, on the, on the little bonus stage, you're trying, you hit these little things.
It's a party pooper, but yeah, like a nerd pops up cause they're doing the disco.
And then if you click the wrong record, this nerd's like, what are you guys doing?
This music's too loud.
And then you end the, you end the bonus stage.
And he's the pooper.
You're trying to avoid the pooper.
Did I tell a lie?
So yeah, I was looking for, and some of the slot machine themes are like jungle prince, lion king, fluffy poodle deluxe.
Like every absurd.
I played kitty glitter.
Yeah, kitty glitter.
And the amount of times my peripheral vision misread hot slots is hot slots.
And I had to look and go, what?
Oh, slots that happened like a dozen times.
So what was your favorite machine that you played?
Well, the village people, cause I went all the money on it.
I was actually going to say, I also like seeing the loosest sluts ever.
Uh, quickly, the other 3d one, I saw you playing something like miss red, which was slutty red riding hood.
They have all of these, um, princess sort of thing, but they're all like sexed up like Scarlet hood.
And she's got like a bikini on and the Wolf's all drooly and pervy.
I played one red riding hood game that I didn't like.
And then I played another one that I actually did really well on.
I could have, I, I made like five bucks and then I was like, all right, I made five.
I may as well spin it back down and I ended up losing it.
But that one I really liked.
And that had a great 3d screen with a lot of little neat animations on it.
I can't believe it.
Leave it to the internets.
Tiger claw found a video.
Here's little ladybug two penny slot bonus mode.
You don't really see the 3d effect on this thing.
That was the game I was playing.
That's, I wouldn't mind.
Just so you guys know, I'm not making it up.
Thank you.
Tiger.
Okay.
I'm giving the mic back to Jamie.
All right.
Thank you, Alan.
I think it's kind of wrong that someone just scored with KKK.
King, King, King.
Shut up.
I'm from Alabama.
All right.
Wow.
No, thank you.
All right.
Uh, let's see what else I want to say about, um, casinos and all that stuff.
I don't know.
I just think it's interesting that a lot of the stuff we see in like console gaming and
all that we see for adult gaming as well.
And that a lot of the same companies are involved.
I thought it was interesting.
Technology.
Yay.
Uh, really?
Loco Poco links to crazy taxi slots.
They have slot machines for all sorts of weird things.
Like the hangover, the movie has a slot machine.
Like really?
Of course.
It was in Vegas.
Yeah, I guess, but we were in Reno.
Oh, okay.
Well then they can't have any sort of, you know, Nevada gambling themed slot machines
in other parts of Nevada.
Oh, this is just the bonus feature in the Dreamcat.
I thought this was an actual crazy taxi slot machine, but no, this is just the little bonus
feature in the home version.
You sneaky little bastard.
All right.
Uh, anyhow, let's move on.
I guess we can get into chat rooms looking for all these slot machines now.
I know.
Look, I got y'all thinking about gambling pachinko.
All right.
Let's talk about video games and console games and the things we've been playing this week.
And then I have some housekeeping for tonight as well.
That's important.
So let's get to our gaming weeks first dark soccer.
How was your gaming week?
My gaming week was kitty.
No, actually, um, I played Mass Effect 2 again cause I'm, I think I finally mastered
fly cam.
And, uh, if anyone wants to go to mass effecting.tumblr.com, you can see, um, a bunch of, uh, really
neat, uh, screen grabs I was able to do with the fly cam.
And then, um, I, uh, I played a game that I'm going to be, well, I didn't play it for
very long, but, um, I played a game called Chomp Man, which we will be talking about
today.
And, uh, that's really about it.
I've had kind of a alarming week, so.
Alrighty.
Uh, Loki.
Um, I didn't play a whole lot this week.
I played actually a little bit of Minecraft last night.
Um, I was bored and my wife got into the next series of terrible TV shows that I'm going
to have to sit through the entire series of.
This new series is Grey's Anatomy.
I get to sit through the whole series of Grey's Anatomy.
I'm sorry.
Run.
I'm, I'm thinking it's starting to go in my head because I don't think it's actually that
bad right now.
It's, it.
You are so wet.
I'm not, no, I'm not watching it.
I'm playing Skyrim, okay, with headphones on.
So occasionally I'll see Katherine Heigl, like, take off her clothes and stuff.
So I'm like, okay, this is not so bad.
But, um, yeah, so it's just, you know, it's brief bits of Katherine Heigl.
But anyways, so yeah, the other thing I've been playing, Skyrim, um, on PC with all the
mods and stuff and, um, kind of retracing my steps I did on the console version since
I have, I'm probably going to play through the whole game now on PC because, um, well,
I have more expansions on there.
I bought the two expansions out right now and probably will buy Dragonborn when that
comes out.
Um, I actually bought some more games on Steam today, but ironically most of my game purchases
now are not coming from, like, Steam sales.
They're coming from Amazon sales, which, you know, all the games redeem on Steam.
They had one today.
It was, well, they got to compete.
They're doing a good job.
Uh, they have station three is doing a similar approach.
This whole, like, what is it?
13 for 13.
Like little big planet carding is $10 right now.
Like I ought to be pissed.
I bought that game when it was brand new, like 50 bucks.
Considering doing that, except we, we have some free goods that are, we're sitting on.
I'm trying to get in, um, uh, trying to do that, but yeah, they actually have a sale
going on right now.
It's their weekly.
It's five game arcade packs.
And now I thought first I'm all Xbox live arcade.
That's not bad.
Um, but it's actually seen games, but they were featured on Xbox live arcade.
It's, uh, um, insanely twisted shadow planet, dead light, iron brigade, mark the ninja
and toy soldiers for $10.
Or if you did purchase one of those packs during December, you get another $5 off.
So I did.
And so I got it for five bucks, five games for five bucks.
That's not a bad deal.
And so I'm kind of having this huge collection of games, mostly indie games that are going
to be on this, you know, on my steam account, which eventually I'm hoping this year to build
a nice new media PC to hook up to my TV.
That'll be kind of my new gaming thing.
Cause I've been getting a lot more games through steam for cheap than buying console games.
I mean, I do play console games still, but you know, it's kind of think of it like the
fallout shelter of the game industry.
If everything, everything goes to shit with the new consoles, I at least have this backup,
um, you know, library of games to play.
So that's going to be fun.
Um, some folks in chat talking about the price, a little big planet carding, uh, critical
myths said carding was $10 with PlayStation plus.
I think that is correct.
The $10 price is when you, it's like 14 bucks.
If you don't, it's cheap.
It's still very cheap.
I paid 50 for it.
So, so sit down basically.
But yes, thank you for the clarification.
Yes.
For PlayStation plus.
Um, and then, uh, what else did I play this week?
Oh, um, other things, um, more quality of course, cause we're still playing quality.
I'm still trying to get them to play something else.
Um, I have been trying to soft mod some Xbox systems.
You found five Xbox systems in a closet, literally at my work.
Um, but they're broken in different ways, each one.
So I'm trying to, I'm going to have to piece some together this week to get one that actually
works.
Like I've got some that the disk drive doesn't work.
One that the audio chip is messed up.
One that doesn't power on.
You know, but together with five systems, we should have enough to build one or two
that are, you know, working correctly.
And I have all the stuff now to soft mod them.
So, hopefully I'll be able to do that.
And put some emulators on there, cause that's what we're going to do with those things.
And then, uh, what else did I do this week?
Huh, that's pretty much it.
I meant to play some more console games, but just didn't get around to it.
A little Borderlands 2 actually, we played a little bit of that.
A little bit.
Uh, my week was mostly console games.
One console game that was a majority of my gaming time.
It's a game I said I wasn't going to buy, and then I had a moment of weakness and I bought it anyway.
And I'm actually glad I did.
It's Ni No Kuni, Wrath of the White Witch, which came out this week on PlayStation 3.
Um, I've sunk, you know, keep in mind guys, I was gone all weekend.
I sunk about eight hours into the game during the week.
Uh, and for those that have played the game, I'll keep this as spoiler free as possible.
I'm at the volcano.
Ooh, there's a volcano in the game somewhere.
Uh, that's about where I'm at.
But keep in mind, I've done like every side quest, and I'm very O.C. about kind of trying to do everything.
And there is a lot of side quests and things you can do.
Um, Ni No Kuni, first off, the first thing you're going to notice about the game is the graphics.
It's a gorgeous game.
You know, it's level five.
Who I didn't, you know, I knew they'd done Dragon Quest VIII and all that, but it didn't really click for me until I started playing Ni No Kuni.
I'm like, why does this feel a lot like White Knight Chronicles to me?
Oh, because level five did that game.
But don't let that comparison scare you off.
It just, they have, like, the fonts are similar and some of the graphics are a little similar.
But the art style is very, very different.
The gameplay is very different too.
I don't want people who didn't like White Knight Chronicles to say like, oh, well fuck that then.
Um, which I do think though, White Knight Chronicles is underrated, but that's another episode.
Um, there's, uh, great graphics in the game.
And one thing I really like about it is that it goes from, you know, you got this in-game anime style rendering that goes on
to actual cutscenes that Studio Ghibli did of anime that's intermixed in with the game.
It is very interesting to me how you'll get these full-blown anime sequences, and then you get some voice-over sequences,
and then you get text. Like, read the text.
But, I don't know, like, it doesn't bother me as much as it bothers other people because maybe that's just what I grew up on.
You know, back in my day, when I played Final Fantasy VI, or as we were calling it, Final Fantasy III,
because, you know, we didn't have the internet back then, I didn't know that there were more games in Japan,
we would read all the text. You know, that's just kind of how you did it. So it doesn't really bother me as much.
Um, but the game is gorgeous. Soundtrack's great, too.
The soundtrack is by the Tokyo Philharmonic Orchestra, who I believe also did the music in Dragon Quest VIII.
So, there's actually a lot in common with Dragon Quest VIII. I mean, the art style's very similar, and the music sounds very similar.
There's also that whole Pokemon element of the game, and this slowly unfolds. I mean, you don't have it all right in the very beginning,
it slowly unfolds over the first few hours of the game, but yes, many of the monsters you run across in-game you can actually capture,
and you use them in battle. And the battle system is really interesting, and this is where the demo really failed.
And I know a lot of folks, you know, I'm sure a lot of you here at VoG heard Bobby talk about how he hated the demo,
and I even said it was really disappointing as well, too, because it didn't really explain things at all.
Well, the first five hours of the game do a much better job explaining the battle system,
and how you actually are supposed to be switching quite frequently between yourself, your little Pokemon people,
and, you know, in later stages of the game, controlling other members of your party, essentially, who are usually controlled by an AI,
but you might have to switch to a particular individual to actually catch one of the little monsters.
So, the battle sequences are actually very intricate. They're kind of Final Fantasy XII-ish, in that you actually run around a little battlefield,
and you're, you know, doing the auto-attack, and you might cast magic, and you actually collect a little health and magic capsules that help you out on the battlefield.
Yeah, it's a neat system. Some of the battles can be challenging, but there is an easy mode, or as I call it, easy modes in games now,
thanks to some inside jokes here at the VoG network. I call it Black Wolf Fun Forever mode, BFF mode.
So, yes, there is a Black Wolf Fun Forever mode, or easy mode in the game, and I haven't had to use it yet,
but I'm not afraid to if I run into a wall. I have really loved the story so far. It's been fantastic.
Now, I have read some things online that a lot of critics were starting to razz the game around the 15-hour mark,
that it starts to get really grindy, and that the story loses a lot of steam and so forth.
I'm not there yet. I can't comment on that, so when I'm talking about how much I'm into this game,
you might want to take that with a grain of salt. I said it right up front. I'm only eight hours into the game,
but it's a damn fine eight hours that I've spent so far, and that's more I can say about other games that I've plunked a large sum of money on.
So, take it or leave it. I'm having a great time with the game so far, and I do plan to finish it.
I don't see why I wouldn't at this point. So, yeah, I recommend it. At least rent it, but don't go off that demo.
The demo was terrible. The demo, all they had to do was back up the demo about 20 minutes to really explain,
because the demo where you're fighting the boss monster takes place about 20 minutes after you get your little Pokemon
or your little monster for the first time, and it explains how all that works.
I don't understand why they didn't just back the demo up 20 minutes and let you play through that little dungeon-y area
to the boss and then end the demo there. That was a poor, poor, poor decision.
And, you know, it's causing some people to think twice about the game. Oops. Demos are important, y'all.
So, let's see, going to the chat room. Breakman says,
Interesting is not a word that most listeners want to hear as a description of a game.
Interest equals what the fuck was the dev thinking? Seriously, they could have done a better job.
But you're being as vague as apparently I am. Like, why do you think the dev was smoking crack?
Or why do you think they could have done a better job? Maybe I'm missing something about that comment.
I don't know, but I don't, you know, where's the part that I'm not catching, apparently?
Again, those are live comments at our chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
Some other comments on the game in our chat room. Dungeonbuster says,
Still liking the game right now, even with the issues, though I'm a big fan of Ghibli's stuff.
Dungeonbuster also says, Battle system kind of falls apart later. The AI roles for your party members is kind of challenged.
You know, I am noticing that a little bit, that the party members are very liberal in their use of magic,
which is very unlike the style I play with, and I can see where that gets really frustrating, but
I think it's manageable right now. And you always get to fill up on your HP and MP before a boss.
So I'm not, I'm not hating it as much as other people do.
Let's see, LocoPoco says, I love Studio Ghibli, but honestly I didn't like the battle system in the demo at all.
Well, you couldn't have, they didn't explain it.
Let's see, RawSteelUT says, All BreakMan is saying is that interesting is what people tend to say when they can't be wholly complimentary.
See, I'm scared to be wholly complimentary because of, you know, what I'm seeing, or what I've heard about the future and so forth.
So I don't know, I am enjoying, yes, if I were to judge this game on the eight hours alone, I would say, yes, this is a must buy if you love JRPGs.
But then is that really fair?
Would you judge it on white barf?
Yes, and there are all these types of like little references and jokes that I love.
Yes, there is a look for it in the grocery store in the very beginning of the game.
There's a little sign in the background that says, what does it say? Like, yay, milk, it's white barf or something like that.
Like, what?
AkumaJP says, Without Ghibli, the game is just another rogue galaxy.
No, I don't agree. Sorry.
I think it's, I mean, the Ghibli stuff lends itself great, but Studio Ghibli wasn't involved with Dragon Quest 8.
And, you know, that was a lot of the similar things I like in both games.
Anyhow, there you go. That's my thoughts. Take it or leave it.
I'll let you know in next week, after another eight hours of the game, if I'm still as enthusiastic about the game as I am now.
For now, however, let us move on and talk about a little bit of housekeeping tonight.
I want to start off with this tonight.
Okay, so you know how we don't really ask for money here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We do this because, you know, we want to have fun and, you know, we just invite you guys here to spend the show with us.
And, you know, it's more about the community and so forth.
And we don't actually have these illusions that we're going to profit off the show or anything like that, right?
Well, occasionally, once in a while, we get these awesome, unsolicited things.
So I want to share with you guys something that was donated to the show this week.
It wasn't money, but it's still pretty awesome. You guys want to see it?
So we got a gift this week, FedEx, here to the studio. So you ready?
All right.
No peeking!
Okay. I hope it's chocolate, because I want some.
No peeking!
If you guessed rabid weasel, you are correct.
I want a weasel.
Booze. Someone sent us booze. That was Brad from Pod Culture, who also-
Do not open this in front of me or I will throw up.
I thought that might have actually been maple syrup for a second there.
Oh, are you not a fan?
Anything that's fake cinnamon, if I remotely smell it, makes me nauseous.
Oh, look at that. I can't believe you would talk negatively about a gift so graciously.
No, no, no. I appreciate the gift. It's very nice. But anything that is-
For real, I'm the same way with spearmint. Like, anything that's real or fake spearmint, it makes me nauseous.
Well, I'll say this more for me. That's fine by me.
You're welcome to it.
That's fine by me.
Okay, I'll try to smell it.
There you go. There you go. Anyhow, no, don't open it. Save it for $500.
Brad from Pod Culture sent that. He also donated the mics that we use here on the show.
Which we appreciate.
They're kind of hand-me-downs from Pod Culture, but they work great, obviously, as you can hear, and help the quality of our show immensely.
So, this is a nice big bottle of Fireball Cinnamon Whiskey, and he gave me some mixer ideas to use with this as well.
So, and it looks like it burned a hole in the back of the bottle. Hooray.
Well, thank you. It was very nice of you to send it to us, and I will, um, I'll see if it makes me ill.
I'll invite Rice Princess over for the 500th episode. She'll drink it. All right.
Although, we should probably pick up some Goldschlager for that.
Wait a minute. The Goldschlager is cinnamony, too.
It's butterscotch. Isn't Goldschlager butterscotch?
I don't know. I always taste the cinnamon in me.
Butterscotch. It's burning.
Are you thinking, like, butternips?
It tastes like burning.
I don't know. I'm thinking of Goldschlager.
Goldschlager just tastes like burning.
All right. Let's talk about something else, too, I want to do in housekeeping, and I want to talk about an article that was on our website that our pal Bobby Blackwolf posted that I thought was really good.
And I don't like to talk about this subject a lot on our show because it keeps coming up as news, and I say for about the past four years, nothing this thing has done.
It has been gaming news, but G4 television kind of finally ended of sorts this week.
Technically, I think they're still going to run off reruns for a couple months while they do that transition to the Esquire channel.
However, they did have a pretty awesome end to Attack of the Show with a little scene that tipped the hat back to tech TV, which I thought that was the way to end it.
But what I want to point out is that at vognetwork.com, Bobby, who does the show before us, did a great little article kind of reflecting back on the better days of G4 when it actually was kind of an extension of an online network about video games and things like that.
And how that all started and kind of being in the community when all that was going on.
Because I never knew that some of their shows had live chat rooms that you could go in and actually chat during the show and all that.
But anyway, Bobby and I have talked offline about some of that stuff, so I knew a few of the stories, but even in reading the article, I just kind of see it all in one place, and there was even a few things in there I didn't know about about his involvement early on.
So it was a really neat kind of reflection piece. It's not news so much as it is, hey, I was a big supporter of this network up until the day that they basically squashed tech TV, and it was a great read.
So check that out at vognetwork.com.
Alright, let's move on now I guess into some video game news. I think that was all my housekeeping. Booze and G4. Alright, appropriate.
Yes.
Let's move on to what is going on this week in gaming. Loki.
So one of the big things that happened this week was THQ's assets were finally auctioned off, and unfortunately their original plan to have one person buy everything and them kind of get out of debt just didn't happen.
So THQ is no more, and all of their assets have been split up. So here's what happened where everything went.
So first thing, Relic and Company of Heroes, the IP that Relic had, actually went to Sega.
So Sega is going to be doing that, which makes sense because they have some RTS franchises that they work on. So that should be cool.
And then of course THQ Montreal, the studio as well as the two IPs, 1666 and underdog. Those went to Ubisoft. So they're going to have that now, as well as let's see Evolve which was an unannounced IP that I guess they're also saying it's called metamorphosis.
That went to Take-Two, Volition and Saints Row, as well as I think it was just those two. So Volition, the studio, and Saints Row, and I'm assuming Red Faction and all that stuff.
That actually went to Koch, which is Deep Silver. That's the studio name you'd recognize.
Homefront went to Crytek, which should be interesting if we get a sequel out of that.
Metro 2033 and Metro Last Light, that went to Deep Silver as well. And then South Park, the Stick of Truth, the license for that went to Ubisoft. So they will be publishing that game later this year.
That game should have been almost done. That was slated to come out in what, April, right?
It was March, but then it got pushed a little bit. It was supposed to be like second quarter. So the other one was the WWE franchise that went to Take-Two as well. So you're going to be seeing that coming out under the 2K Games license.
But none for Darksiders.
Nothing for Darksiders.
A lot of people are very upset about that, which kind of surprised me, because if you think there would be enough upset people, somebody would have bought it.
Well, from what I read, there was, I guess there were other franchises, the same, how was it, Vergil or Vigil was working out. Apparently that was also very risky, I guess, as far as an investment goes.
But you would think that they would, I would have thrown a dollar down for it, but you know, I don't know. Some of these actually, it's kind of funny what they paid for.
Then you have to pay all those employees. A dollar might have bought you a studio, but then how do you pay the employees? That's the problem. Somebody's got to bankroll.
Just buy the IP. Make a crappy cell phone game out of it or something. Resell it. I don't know.
So, yeah, no one bought it. Although it may, you know, go to someone else.
The other thing, too, is we don't know who's going to end up with all of the back catalog stuff, because that didn't necessarily go to the respective publishers that bought the new franchises.
That's just the stuff that was coming out. Older games, that's going to go to completely different people. So, I'd be interested to see how that turns out.
Rossdielut in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, considering Deep Silver's marketing ideas, I think Saints Row is in the right place.
I don't know if that's a very tongue-in-cheek comment, but I just collectively groan at that because of that horrific story from last week with the quote-unquote sculpture.
But that's just a foreign company. I mean, that's just like Australia. I mean, they can get away with it, I think. Well, actually, I'm surprised they could kind of get away with that at all.
It was Britain, but that's all right. Still.
It was Australia and Europe. I mean, whatever. I'm kind of glad, though. I mean, they're trying to, I guess, boost, I guess, their presence in the marketplace.
And definitely, those are some game franchises that would do that. I'm not surprised to see, of course, Take Two not buying Saints Row because that would compete too much with Grand Theft Auto.
And I was surprised, actually, EA didn't try to pick it up, but maybe they thought that, you know, they've got some of their own stuff and they would just crowd their lineup or something. I don't know.
That's true.
But they have Homefront. I mean, that's Crytek, and Crytek is published by EA. So, yay, another military shooter game to go along with the other two or three military shooter franchises that they own.
I have to say somewhere in here, though, I like that the community has been so supportive of what's been going on at THQ. Like, you know, sometimes we see a lot of these layoffs happen, and it's not that the community doesn't improve.
The community has always been very good, but I'm just saying, like, sometimes it seems like what happens at the employee level is really cold. Like, there's a very cold treatment of what happens to people.
And I kind of got the sense here that, like, you know, the CEO and a lot of people involved really, like, really felt bad. You know, even though I think a lot of people, you know, you didn't have to be a genius to see that something like this was coming, I got the sense that there was at least compassion for the people that were affected.
And certainly the community is like, you know, I've seen other game studios posting, hey, were you at THQ? No longer. You know, we're hiring right now. Come over here. You know, just a lot of, like, Twitter buzz, and I think that's great. I love that gamers are helping other gamers. You don't see that in a lot of areas of work, really. So I think that's really great that everybody's helping each other out.
How do you think about how this all went down? I mean, I guess it's not too surprising, but, Loki, what's kind of your impression of, like, you know, how now that we've seen where all the chips fall, do you think some of these properties are in danger? Do you think most of them found a good home or what?
That'd be interesting to see what happens in Saints Row, because South Peak, I mean, they've put out a couple, you know, good franchises, but they don't really have a whole ton. Dead Rising was kind of a gamble they did, and some of the other stuff that they put out, you probably, I mean, hell, I don't even remember what they were. That's how memorable they were.
I think Dead Rising's kind of already done, too. Like, you know, they tried to put out another one, and it's, like, you know, like... Well, not Dead Rising, I'm sorry, Dead Island. Yeah, you got me started, too. Dead Island.
Yeah, Dead Rising's pretty much done. I mean, there'll be another one, but we know there's gonna be another one. But, you know, the last couple haven't been fantastic. At least we know the next Saints Row game will have a great trailer, if nothing else.
I'm, you know, it's just a very over-the-top game. I would be interested to see what they're gonna do with it, but, yeah, I mean, South Peak doesn't have a whole lot going for it right now. They don't have a lot of stuff that they're publishing, so it would be kind of nice.
That we know about, to be fair.
Normally, they don't have a lot that they're publishing. I mean, let's put it this way. Some of their last big games that they had were Two Worlds. That franchise, Two Worlds and Two Worlds 2, which didn't do very well.
And they also had, you know, of course, Dead Island, which did well for them. And a lot of other smaller titles that you'll never hear of. They've published some stuff for that.
But it's nice to see them actually have some good franchises now. Well, I mean, expanding their catalog, I guess.
So, that might be one I had to worry about a little bit, but I was worried about Saints Row IV anyways, when they're like,
Yeah, we're gonna take this standalone game expansion that was really just gonna be Saints Row III with some other cheesy bullshit on top of it, and we're gonna make that its own game.
Oh, and now we're gonna make that Saints Row IV. So, I'm already kind of worried about the game, just because of how they've treated it, especially with the DLC and stuff.
Hopefully they build it into something good.
As long as they keep that humor. As long as they still have all the same writers, because Saints Row III is so fucking funny.
I want to say, I was trying to, I should have looked real quick. What they bought it for, it was, man, if only you had the money.
Oh yeah, because you got that kind of money lying around.
I know, holy man.
It was only a couple million.
Yeah, it was only 22.3 million.
You see something like Instagram sell for 1 billion dollars, then you see Saints Row goes for less than 1% of that. It's crazy.
Well, like, let's see, the cheapest one they had was Homefront. They bought it for half a million dollars. The IP. I mean, I don't know.
Alright, well, let's move on to a product now that was pretty much, it sounds like it's over after it barely just began, but it was a little piece of renaissance.
It's the Neo Geo X. It's apparently ending production in Japan. Now, if you forgot what the Neo Geo X was, you know, I think we all remember what the Neo Geo was many years ago.
It was that very expensive brick of a system.
I got a couple of them in my house.
Well, and then they show up in arcade machines, right, and all that.
You know, it was awesome about having the memory card so you could save your game at the arcade and go home and play it.
I'm surprised you didn't pick one of these up, these little Neo Geo X's.
There's no point. There's nothing on there that we didn't want that we don't already own.
So, well, you would have lost your chance now anyway, because apparently the production of it has come to a halt in Japan. These things just came out in December, so I don't know what's going on.
But anyhow, it's not actually discontinuing.
Oh?
It's the limited-
What have you heard that I'm not hearing?
Well, the limited edition is being discontinued. The one that comes with Ninja Master, but they're still producing it.
I guess, you know, Blaze, which is one of the distributors, said that it's still being available.
It's just that the limited edition that was originally the launch lineup is no more.
Was there a follow-up that I missed or something? Because I'm not seeing the-
Yeah, they did a follow-up.
There was a few places around it, Eurogamer's one that had it, and I want to say, I'm trying to think, Engadget also had it.
They were saying that, I guess, I don't know. I know I read it, that they were- it wasn't quite discontinued.
Well, I'm interested to see how long this can kind of- do you think something like this can sustain itself?
Probably all-
Since we all believe the fact that it would have disappeared as quick as it showed up.
It really should have. I mean, no offense, it's just- I mean, the handheld device itself, it's very similar to what I have with the Dingoo.
It's just like this ARM emulator thing that runs Neo Geo games. That's what the Dingoo did, and it does it for a lot cheaper.
Just because it's SNK branded and it has this little thing that it plugs into so you can hook up to your TV.
He did the same thing with the Dingoo, but it wasn't very, I don't know, pretty, I guess, because you had to have a cable going from your device to the TV.
But, no, apparently it is- yeah, it's still going, and even in the US, they said Tomo Inc., the company behind the Neo Geo X says the production hasn't seized on the main Neo Geo stand-alone handheld, but has ceased on the Neo Geo X Gold Limited Edition.
But that was the plan anyways.
Well, maybe I wanted the Limited Edition.
And they're saying they're going to add more games and peripherals and software updates.
GameGuru in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says they should just put out the Neo Geo games on PC like Sega does for Genesis games.
A few of them are on Wii Virtual Console.
Aren't some of them on PlayStation 3 as well? I believe so. I think PlayStation 3 has a few of those games and they're not PS1 classics, obviously, but like a similar classics library.
I think they call it like SNK Collection.
You do see those Neo Geo games kind of pop up other places.
But, correct, I don't think PC is one of them.
Although, you know, you just like download MAME.
Not that I told you to do that, but we all know.
Alright. Let's move on with more news. DarkSakura.
Okay. Well, now we know that there's been rumors going around about what is going to be the new Xbox.
And we know that there was that completely fabricated story.
So, this though is actually what I found was looking to be quite a bit different.
They're actually talking about specs up for the system itself.
Talking about it under the code name Durango.
I don't, again, I don't know if it has anything to do with the rumor.
We take everything with a huge grain of salt when it comes to these type of rumors.
Yeah, especially since that other story was fabricated.
But, you know, it's quite a bit different.
So, they're saying that it's code named Durango and that they have a little bit of the tech saying that it's supposed to run on an 8 core CPU.
An AMD CPU at 1.6 gigahertz.
Just like the new PlayStation thing.
And that it's running on the Jaguar technology.
And apparently it's supposed to be working with a 32 meg of RAM and 8 gigabytes of memory.
It looks like, I think, the graphic memory.
So, it's looking pretty, pretty big.
I mean, again, I don't know if this is actually true.
But it seems to make sense and looks pretty impressive.
To be fair, Microsoft does have a history of stuff leaking out.
Now, we do know there was that guy on Tumblr that was all,
I'm so sick of people making shit up about Microsoft rumors.
I'm going to make shit up about Microsoft and spread it all over the internet to prove a point.
Alright, dude. Point made.
But, you know, so there's all that fake stuff out there.
But you don't also know what they say.
Where there's smoke, there's fire.
And these are the types of things people are talking about and speculating and so forth.
So, aside from saying this is true, because we don't know if it's true or not,
what do you think about if it was true?
Do you think this could be the direction that Microsoft should be going in?
Because I'll tell you this.
That crap that was made up on the Tumblr and all that, that sounded awful.
I mean, I should say it sounded cool.
But in reality, the whole tablet being that much integrated into the,
it just didn't sound feasible.
It just wasn't going to work.
This doesn't sound outside the realm of possibility, honestly.
This didn't say anything about the tablet at all.
It just talked about running power.
It also was comparing it with the Orbis graphics for the new PlayStation.
And saying that still the Orbis is turning out to be probably more powerful
in terms of graphic capability than the new Xbox.
It sounds almost pretty much what I expected, anyway.
They're going to go with, I think, more of processing with,
I think, more in terms of how the Xbox is now.
I mean, focus on the games, how they play, not necessarily exactly how they look.
Which Sony has always been about Flash.
Well, it'll be interesting to see.
But at the end of the day, we won't really know until E3.
But more speculation to continue until then.
Look around E3 a week, though,
because didn't Microsoft's entire presentation get blown
like the morning of their press conference or something this last year?
The Halo 4 stuff all leaked out or something?
Yeah.
It was either this year or last year.
It just all went on the internet the day of or something.
It was crazy.
Anyhow, more news, Logie.
All right, so kind of a similar thing with the PlayStation 3.
Kotaku apparently received some documentation.
90 PDFs, they say.
Wow, that's a lot of PDFs.
And this is being released by an individual known as SuperDAE,
which you may remember was one of the guys that
sold one of the Xbox development kits, the brand new ones for the next system,
on eBay, or at least attempted to sell one.
And some of the details coming from that spec-wise.
Of course, they're saying that it's going to have 8 gigs of RAM,
or 2.2 gigabytes of video RAM.
They're going to have a CPU that's built out of four dual-core AMD 64 bulldozer processors,
so a total of eight cores.
A GPU that's AMD R10XX.
They haven't really said what kind of GPU yet, but something around that spec.
Four USB 3.0 ports, two Ethernet ports, a Blu-ray drive, of course.
Why not?
And a 160 gigabyte hard drive.
As well as, they're saying, HDMI optical 2.0, 5.1, and 7.1 channel sound,
which is pretty much similar to what they have right now with the PlayStation 3.
The controller, they're not really saying too much about it.
It could change.
They're saying that the difference right now with the controller
is it's going to be similar to the Vita.
They're at least going to add some sort of touch sensor to the Vita.
I think Robin mentioned that's probably that stupid back touch panel thing.
God, I hope not. It's going to be a waste of time.
But right now, they're saying that it's got...
Stop trying to make back touch happen.
Some sort of touch pad on there.
Maybe even another...
I don't know if they're going to have an actual screen or something on that.
They're also doing something with the account management right now,
where you're going to be able to, I guess, link local accounts together.
I don't really know what that's supposed to do as far as maybe...
I don't know if you're downloading...
Maybe it's just like, okay, X and X people are on this console.
You downloaded DLC, both of you get it.
I don't know if that really works.
I mean, isn't that how it kind of works now?
Is that supposed to be non-intentional that,
oh, because I downloaded some DLC on this console,
it's not supposed to be available to this other person?
I don't know.
Could this be all angsty Tumblr person made up too?
I don't think so because the guy has had access to what at least was supposed to be a kit.
This is supposed to be coming from a developer kit for the next PlayStation system.
A lot of this could change, but it's just getting closer to the specs right now.
I don't think you're really going to know until the system comes out,
but everyone wants to speculate.
If you compare this to the Durango Xbox lube specs,
they're both very similar.
Eight core processors, you're going to have a pretty high-end video card in there,
eight gigs of RAM, HDMI, USB 3.0 stuff, and Blu-ray.
So they're both pretty similar as far as that goes.
It's going to be, I guess, how they use that.
It's really going to determine which system is better.
Or they're both going to be about the same as they are now.
Well, following up with this a little bit and kind of piggybacking on some things
we were talking about at the end of 2012.
We did a list list right at the end of the year where we were saying,
what do you guys think is the biggest prediction in gaming for 2013?
And one of the things I put out there that was kind of like half funny
but half serious thing is I thought there would be no PlayStation 4 this year,
even though everybody's kind of expecting it with the new Xbox.
And it was actually voted as the top answer by the listeners.
Well, an interesting story this week makes that sound like it may not have been
that far off of a prediction.
Read into this what you will, but Kazurai, Sony's CEO,
talked to the Times this week.
And in the business section mentioned kind of in passing
that they're waiting to see what Microsoft does before making any announcements
regarding PlayStation 4.
Harai goes as far as to say they're going to let Microsoft make the first move.
I don't know how much of that is kind of like paraphrasing or what.
But anyway, the quote from the original article is,
why go first when your competitors can look at your specifications
and come up with something better?
Now, you might remember last time, Sony did go after Microsoft.
Microsoft had the jump last time.
They were a year ahead of the other guys.
This time around, Nintendo went first, but Nintendo's kind of
marching to their own little beat now.
Yeah, you can't really compare that because spec-wise
they're just a little ahead of the presentation.
We pat them on the head and go, oh, Nintendo.
Well, and they do what works for them.
A story I don't think is coming up on tonight's show,
but I was reading a little bit about beforehand was,
what were the top 20 selling games in Japan last year?
They're like all Nintendo games.
There's no Xbox, of course, because it's Japan.
There's a spittering of PlayStation 3.
I think Resident Evil 6 was in there.
There was a random PSP game that was some robot game.
But most of it is Nintendo.
Here's my thought.
I know Japan's a pretty decent-sized market,
but aren't they kind of declining as far as their market share
in the whole big span of everything worldwide,
console sales and game sales.
Pretty soon that's not going to matter.
It's like, okay, here's how the purchasing goes in Australia.
It's not going to matter that the consoles don't do well in there, I think.
Other interesting comment from chat here,
talking about the PlayStation 4.
Rasteel UT says, especially with Sony,
who can ill afford another $599 US dollar fiasco.
Piggybacking on that, maybe wait for some of the tech to become cheaper
before they launch their system.
Starting it out there.
What do you think in hearing what he says?
Now, I want to say I saw something else that came out after this
that was kind of like that Sony's,
this doesn't mean that we're not going to do something competitive or whatever,
because obviously they want to keep investors happy,
but what do you think this all means, Loki?
Do you think there might be actual reason for there not to show the PlayStation 4 this year?
Do you think that might actually come to light?
I don't know if they're going to show it or not,
but I don't think that they can really wait too long.
If you think about it, they can't really make their system spec-wise
so much greater than the X.
I mean, they're not going to do that, for one, because of cost,
and two, because when these games are being put out on multi-platforms,
which they're probably going to,
you're not going to really see that much of a benefit to having additional,
I mean, I guess additional power, the game might play a little bit better,
but most of the time they're going to be developing it across the board.
It's going to be similar.
I mean, if you look at the PlayStation 3 versus the Xbox 360,
wasn't the PlayStation 3 supposed to be a more powerful system,
yet a lot of the games that come out on the PlayStation 3 chug
and just don't even have the frame rate that the Xbox 360 games do?
So I don't know.
I think that they should take the safe approach, actually,
and I'm kind of wondering what they're going to do with extra things
or gimmicks with these controllers because it didn't work with 6-axis.
They tried to make it happen. It just wasn't working,
and I don't think touch controls are really going to add anything either.
It's just going to be annoying.
And Move hasn't really taken off either,
even though Move is actually one of the better motion controls.
Yeah, I think it is actually pretty good.
It's very accurate.
In fact, I was trying to play a Kinect party today to show my son this stuff,
and we have a window behind in the view of the Kinect,
and it wasn't working because there was sun outside.
And so Kinect was saying, fuck you, I am not working.
So yeah, it seems like the Move stuff works pretty good.
But even Nelly was like, so is this supposed to be some big motion controller thing?
I'm like, yeah, the next one that comes out will probably be way better.
This is just the first generation of it.
But then they never work as good as they say they're going to. Never.
That's why I'm going to wait because I've already been fooled three or four times.
Interesting perspective from Akuma JP in our chat room who actually lives in Japan.
AkumaJP at live.vognetwork.com saying, yeah, almost all mobile phone now.
Even Tokyo Game Show from last year was all gree, mobage, all mobile now.
Even we all now almost all mobile, which I want to say when I looked at that list,
it was a lot of 3DS stuff you even saw there.
Yeah, and portable, which it doesn't surprise me.
It's a different culture in Japan, very different.
A lot more of the commuters than you might have here and so forth.
And just especially in places like Tokyo, smaller living spaces.
Connect just doesn't fucking work there.
So handhelds are the way to go.
So just different.
But the sad thing is we got a lot of mobile stuff here, too.
But I don't want to see mobile replace gaming.
There's a lot that mobile can't do.
Although, ironically enough, we have an interesting story tonight
about an online type of game that's trying to emulate console a little more.
But there's so much that mobile can't do.
It just can't give you that same experience.
I don't know.
He also explains mobage as a mobile game.
Oh, I see. It was an abbreviation.
Well, let's move on. Dark Sakura.
As soon as I can get it.
I'm on my iPad again.
Okay, well, this is a game I brought up during what I was playing.
And I just played a little bit of it this week because, honestly, I wanted a nap.
It's called Chompston, and it's a mix of Pac-Man and Bomberman.
Wait, so you're saying this game put you to sleep?
No, I was sleepy already.
The game is actually the sound effects work in time with the music.
Kind of like how great now I can't think of the puzzle game.
Luminous.
Exactly.
Kind of like how Luminous did.
So as you get the dots and throw bombs, it works in time with the music.
The music of the game is actually pretty neat.
But you get different kinds of enemies.
Like you have these purple ghosts that can walk through bombs
and red enemies that shoot fireballs at you and green ones that are really fast.
But as you go trying to collect your little rainbow dots, you can drop bombs
and explode exactly like they do in Bomberman.
And you get different power-ups for them as well.
It's really neat, but you download the game at,
and I'm going to have to say out the site,
contralogic.com slash games slash Chompston.
C-H-O-M-P-S-T-O-N.
It's definitely worth your time.
It's a fun game, and it gets tricky, so support them.
All right.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates
if for whatever reason you've already worn out Chompston
and you want to check out something else this week.
What's coming out to a store near you?
It's not a whole lot this week.
It's pretty much the Hitman HD trilogy on PS3 and Xbox 360.
Also, if you were looking for a new PlayStation 3 console,
they have the new 500-gigabyte one,
the one that came with the instant game collection,
basically the PlayStation Plus for a year.
Well, they have that now in white in case you didn't want a black console,
and that's pretty much it.
Also, it was supposed to be this week a heavy fire shattered spear,
but that probably got delayed
because massive games never fucking come out on time.
Let's travel to Japan and check out what's coming out in Japan.
If anything, it's been kind of slow lately.
Well, there's one thing on the radar on the Xbox 360.
Love, Tori, bitter version in limited and regular edition.
That's your lone Xbox 360 release, but we already talked about Xbox.
I completely misheard you say that.
I thought you said toire, which means toilet.
Oh, no, no.
On PlayStation 3, Excel World, Kasoku no Choten,
also in regular and limited editions from Bandai Namco comes out this week.
FIFA Street gets a price reduction, and in Japan this week, PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale.
I didn't realize they didn't get the game when we did,
but they are now getting their version this week on the PlayStation 3.
January 31st is when you can expect to see that.
On the Vita this week, also PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale,
and Sengoku Hime 3, Tenka o Kirisaku Hikari Tokage comes out in regular and limited edition
because, you know, they love their limited editions over there.
And unlike over here, their limited editions actually get filled most of the time.
Oh, I'll get into that later.
And usually have better stuff.
On the Wii U, yes, there is a Wii U release this week.
It's Shen Hokuro Musou comes out this week, and we're trying to see what this is.
Is this Fist of the North Star, for fuck's sake?
Hold on, pull up the thing. Yeah.
Yeah, it's Fist of the North Star, Ken's Rage 2.
Oh, good lord.
You can always count on another Fist of the North Star game.
How long has Fist of the North Star been out, like, since 1979?
No, I'm serious. I know, I know.
I think it's been out that, like, Hokuto no Ken's been out that long.
Well, it's coming out on Xbox 360 in two weeks.
Do you remember Punch Mania, the Hokuto no Ken version of Punch Mania?
I do. I do.
That was great.
I guess it was fun.
But it's just, it's funny to me that, like, you know, that's all the Wii U's got on it,
is a franchise from 1979 coming out this week.
Alright, but look, those games are still popular in all seriousness.
I want one of those at my house.
They sell for a reason.
Mildly popular.
Alright, let's go to UK.
On the 29th, we have Let's Fish Hooked On for the Vita.
We have on the 30th, Skulls of the Shogun, which is coming out for Xbox 360, PC, and the Windows Phone.
I just thought that was interesting.
On the 31st, Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed for PC.
Yay.
And then on February 1st, we have Hitman trilogy, Hitman HD trilogy, sorry,
and Ni No Kuni, Wrath of the White Witch.
That's it.
Alright, just a few more news stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
So, um, yeah, apparently the whole pay-to-win thing with EA is still continuing.
And now, Dead Space fans, you know, fans of a very hardcore franchise are so happy to find out that,
hey, guess what?
Microtransactions are here. Yay.
Free-to-play microtransactions.
And apparently they say the reason this is happening is because mobile gamers, mobile gamers, yes,
there are a lot of players out there, especially players coming from mobile games who are accustomed to microtransactions.
They're like, I need this now, and I want this now.
And they'll need instant gratification, so we included an option in order to attract those players.
So if they're like, oh, I need 5,000 Tugston, because I'm short on this upgrade, they can have it.
We need to make sure that we're expanding our audience as well.
Yes, so that's the way you expand your audience, is you have microtransactions in your fucking game, because mobile.
It doesn't expand your audience, because think about it.
People aren't going to buy this game because they have microtransactions in it.
All you're doing is saying, hey, people that are used to paying microtransactions for stuff may buy this microtransaction stuff in our game.
That is some dumbass logic this guy is using. I'm sorry.
The games industry is in trouble if that's the way that people making decisions are really thinking.
Just say, we're putting it in the game because people are dumb enough to buy it.
That's the reality.
We want to make free money, and we think because of mobile games, people are dumb enough to buy it.
Mobile games coming over to console, what the fuck backwards logic is that?
Everybody is saying it's supposedly going the other way.
Everybody's going to mobile.
They're not suddenly going to come over to console because you're designing the game so that they can spend more money.
I guarantee that there is nobody on the face of the planet that says, hey, you know what?
I like this game because there's microtransactions in it.
You know what else mobile games have going for them?
They're 99 cents.
That's a huge difference.
Why don't you middle managers understand this?
Volume. That's where you make your money. Volume.
And people are dumb enough to buy it.
Even if one person buys it, it's three bucks they didn't have before.
And you see EA doing this in a lot of their games.
They were the first to do it.
They used to put out, they had cheats in their games, and then guess what?
They stopped having cheats in their games.
The Godfather game had cheats in it.
Oh, but guess what?
When you buy it on the Xbox 360, you're actually going to have to buy those cheats in game.
Bobby on his show tonight, when we were on the phone call at the end,
was talking about SimCity and how he was playing the beta,
and was saying how he didn't have enough simoleons or whatever
to do some of the things he wanted to do.
I said, oh, I bet you could probably log into the EA store when the game comes out
and get 100,000 simoleons for $2.99.
And you're right. That's the type of thing that you used to type a cheat code in to get and unlock.
Of course, because here's the thing.
Why wouldn't they do this?
If you think about it, if you're making a game,
why wouldn't you miss out on the opportunity to make a little bit more money?
Which also is the real reason that game is all online DRM.
Don't fucking kid yourself.
All this stuff about, you know, the interaction with other people.
Uh-uh. Uh-uh.
It's to sell you this shit.
So that way, the cheat codes can't happen offline.
But wait, hackers will get it.
And sadly, that's the only way these guys are going to learn their lesson.
And then they'll, oh, but the hackers are so mean to us.
We lost all this money on the game and it was the hackers' fault.
Please, please, yeah, I'm sure that so many people out there pirated The Sims 3
because that's why they released so many fucking expansions to this game.
I mean, if it wasn't doing well, they wouldn't release 90,000 expansions for The Sims 3.
Well, you saw how many came out for Sims 2 back in the day.
I never paid for one.
But I'm telling you, though, that people buy this
and they're not just like, you know, for 70s, 80s, and 90s stuff that just came out.
It's like 20 bucks and you get crap for your house.
Twenty dollars for not even really a huge game expansion.
Forty dollars for a really big expansion like going to a university life that's coming out in March.
I mean, they literally have one or two expansions a month coming out for this stuff.
It's just, it's ridiculous.
And you know why they're doing it?
It's because people are buying them.
I mean, seriously, you're a company looking to make money.
You're looking to stay alive.
What are you going to do?
If people are buying DLC stuff, you're going to put it in your game.
You're going to have these microtransactions in there because people buy them.
People may bitch about them online, but you know what?
At the end of the day, people are buying them.
If they weren't buying them, they wouldn't put it in the game.
Alright, well, this may be the way some other game companies go if they don't learn to evolve to what people really want.
You know, because this company apparently couldn't do it and it's very unfortunate.
Atari Inc. filed for Chapter 11, Restructuring Bankruptcy, this week.
And it is trying to basically separate itself from Atari S.A., which is the French parent company, and be its own independent business.
But of course, you know, that's not how they really reported on CNN.
Everybody else says, Atari went bankrupt this week. Remember Pong?
People are dumb.
Atari's bankrupt. I'm going to miss Pong.
Combat?
I mean, let's be real, guys. A lot of that Atari that we know went away with the game crash in 84.
What did Atari recently have going for it, you know?
Alone in the Dark.
Test Drive Unlimited.
Retro Arcade Releases.
Okay, let me rephrase.
What did Atari have going for it that THQ didn't?
Alone in the Dark.
You're missing my point.
This is kind of happening to a lot of these guys, you know?
It's not enough?
They had Dragon Ball Z for a while.
They also had what? Oh god, I will forever associate this with modern Atari.
It was the Driver 3 on PlayStation, that buggy as hell game.
Wasn't that them?
Was it them or Midway? I can't remember.
I think it was them. It was Atari.
So, anyhow.
But Driver 3 was fantastic. It is a pinnacle of buggy-ass games.
I wouldn't really think this means that Atari is like totally going away in all this.
Although, okay, if you want to really follow things...
Let's see, where was it?
It was Atari, then it was GT Interactive, and then GT Interactive became Infogrames.
And that's when the French side of it came in.
And then Infogrames bought Hasbro Interactive, which acquired Atari.
And then Infogrames changed their name to Atari, and they used the Atari name in the logo.
So, yeah. Atari, as it is now, wasn't even the same company as it was before anyway.
It's probably just going to evolve again, and maybe they'll find their next big thing. I don't know.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio on VogueNetwork.com, use the passphrase STRAW.
Well, let's go back to a more classic time when Atari was like, you know...
That was like Nintendo, or Sony, or when it was Atari.
Actually, this game may not be that old. Or maybe it is. Actually, I think you did pick a game that old this week. Close. Really close.
Pretty decently old.
Alright. Well, there was no Infogrames or GT involved with Atari when this game came out.
It's a classic game of the week.
Dark Soccer is going to jump into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey, you kids should be playing this game.
Well, it's not as old as Hokuto no Ken, which, thanks for, I forget who said it, came out in 83.
Rygar is the game of the week. It came out by Tecmo in 1986, and it was an arcade game called Arcus no Senshi.
Which means, I mean, you pretty much play as the legendary warrior, and you're getting attacked on all sides.
And you use this disc armor weapon that's basically a shield with a long chain attached to it.
And, basically, I always think that it's kind of like their, what's the word I'm trying to think of, their derivative of Rastan.
It's the same type of platforming game.
But it came out, basically, you play as a guy named Rygar, who is a dead warrior who rose from his grave.
Aha!
You use the disc armor and other weapons to try to stop this guy named Rygar, who took over the land of Arghor.
So, you just go through and you basically shoot people, and you shoot animals, and you shoot spiders, and you shoot dragons, and you shoot midgets.
Now, I want to say real quick, and you'll probably get into this in a minute, but a lot of people in chat are like, oh, I remember this game on the NES.
But you're actually talking about the arcade version of Rygar, which was very, very different.
Yes, I am.
But I don't know if you'll get into the NES one at all, and why it was different, but yeah.
Hold your horses!
Keep your pants on!
I wanted our chatters to pay attention. Don't run away yet.
Meh.
Well, at any rate, as I was getting to, the game was imported to the Sharp X68000, the Commodore 64, the Sega Master System, but that was only in Japan.
It was called Argus no Jujiken.
It came out for the ZX Spectrum, 48K, the Amstrad 6128, and the Atari Lynx.
And then, on the Xbox, it was included in a compilation that was the type of classic arcade, and now there is a Wii Virtual Console version as well.
That's the arcade version.
Now, the Atari Lynx is probably the closest to the arcade version.
That's weird.
Let me finish.
However, it did have some different rounds.
There were only 23 rounds, but it was supposed to be pretty close to the arcade version.
I think I actually have it.
I just don't think of Atari Lynx as like the arcade accurate system ever, you know.
You'd be surprised.
The one on Xbox was, I actually have that collection you're talking about.
It's not bad, but it's also not 360 hours compatible.
Sucks.
Yeah.
At any rate, it also came out on the NES, and it was released as Argus no Senshi Hachamecha Daishengeki.
That's kind of a tongue twister.
Anyway, it was basically a platform action RPG, and it was quite a bit different.
Basically, you go through different settings to try to kill the evil king Lygar Blaw, who was on the planet of Argul, which was Argus in Japan.
And then you have to visit the five gods who give you different items, and you go through different realms, and they all have a boss, and all this fun stuff.
But yeah, it's a little bit different.
With the difference in the versions, the arcade version is more side-scrolling.
The NES one is an open-ended action-adventure game, sort of Metroidvania-like.
And at the start of the game, you have access to some of the worlds, and then you get the other worlds opened up as you go.
You also had permanent power-ups in the NES version, and different experience points you could use.
There was a new sequel that came out, Rygar the Legendary Adventure, that came out on PS2.
And it was a transition to 3D-style gameplay, and it was pretty much rated okay.
And there is a Wii port that came out in 2007.
So there you go. Rygar. The arcade version is the best one.
I like the NES one. The NES one had a great soundtrack. That's what I really liked about it.
But they're so different. I mean, they really should just be considered two separate games.
The arcade one is so different from the NES one.
Well, look at Strider in the arcade and on the Genesis.
And then the NES one. The NES one was actually based off the Strider manga.
Okay, yeah. That is a very good comparison.
The Rygar games are that different, like the Strider games are.
That's a very good comparison.
See, I love the NES Strider, but I know you think it's shit because you have that Genesis...
No, I didn't say I think it's shit. It's just a different game.
There's like this one jump in that game that's super stupid to make.
Oh, the triangle jump?
Yeah. But I liked it because it was based off the...
I like the story in it because it's based off the Strider manga.
You know, it's basically telling that whole story.
But I tend to think that the platformer is more fun, in my opinion.
And the same way with Rygar.
I like, you know, the hack and slash.
I kind of like them both, myself.
I kind of like them both. They're two different games.
You know, it's like me saying that I like playing Donkey Kong and Tetris.
No, you must pick one. This is gaming culture. There's no room for ties.
Bite my ass.
If you please.
One must be better, DarkSakura. How dare you?
Don't you understand? This is the foundation that all internet video game media is based on.
You can't have a tie.
Yeah, but I have a personality disorder.
Alright.
It's called honoree.
Alright, we're going to take a break. On that note, we're going to take a break.
And when we come back with Orange Lounge Radio, we've got more, yet again, more on Disney Infinity tonight.
Geez, Loki. It just doesn't stop with the Disney Infinity news.
And Nintendo had an avalanche of news this week. We're going to talk all about that and get into that.
When we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, your phone calls, your emails, and much more when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this.
Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live on this January the 27th, 2013, episode number 491 in progress.
And we're going to start off this part of the show with some rapid fire news. If you're ready, Loki, take it away.
Sure.
Alright, so let's talk a little bit about Disney Infinity. Of course, can't go another show without talking more Disney Infinity.
They're going to actually put out lots of content, which is kind of a duh.
And I've actually heard some people saying, you know, hey, we might not actually see any more standalone games from Disney Interactive now that they have this Disney Infinity thing.
And that kind of seems somewhat true.
Didn't they close a lot of that?
Yeah, they did.
Because the whole like, there was not jokes, but commentary going around about how there won't be another split second or what that racing game and you know.
Yeah, because Black Rocks, I think.
Yeah, yeah.
So that's too bad.
But yeah, they've got quite a bit coming out. In fact, so much I'm about to tell you about.
And this isn't exactly all out there yet.
So let's see here. Let's talk, let's see, Disney Infinity.
And we've got, I know at launch, you've got the starter packs, which have, you know, of course, the three main characters of each of the adventure packs that are in there.
So you've got Mr. Incredible and Captain Jack Sparrow and Sully from Monsters Inc and Monsters U.
And then, of course, to go with that, they've got a bunch of other side characters, including, you know, in the Incredibles universe, Dash, Mrs. Incredible, Violet and Syndrome, Monsters U.
They've got Mike and Randall, Pirates of the Caribbean, Captain Barboza and Davy Jones.
They're also going to be doing some additional playsets. Zorro and Kars are going to be the first two playsets that are launched alongside this as well.
And with Zorro, you're going to get Zorro and Tonto and then Kars, Lightning McQueen and I can't remember who else.
It might be Flo, yeah.
And then, of course, they're going to have some triple packs in case you want to get a few characters at a time.
Sidekicks and Villains are going to be the two themes of those.
And then I know one of the questions was, hey, when are we going to see Mickey Mouse?
And you're not going to wait that long. September is when you're going to see Mickey Mouse as a standalone character.
I'm not sure. The garb that they had the picture of was Sorcerer's Apprentice.
So I'm not sure if it's going to be Sorcerer's Apprentice, Mickey, or if it may even be its own adventure set by then.
We'll see. I think Phineas and Ferb is somewhere during the summer.
And then fall, you're going to get Frozen, the play set for that, and Wreck-It Ralph.
Sadly, we have to wait so long for Wreck-It Ralph.
Phineas and Ferb needs to be now.
But those are all going to be available soon.
That is weird that Wreck-It Ralph isn't towards the start because I would have thought that the Blu-ray would be out around April.
But they may, they're just trying to probably space it out because I mean, you've got two play sets coming out.
They've got the stuff that ties in with Monsters University and Zorro and then Kars.
I mean, it might be a little much. I was hoping during the summer.
That could change if, you know, it's rolling.
And also along this time, too, you're going to be able to get the token packs, which tokens unlock stuff in the game.
So like, you know, the bus from the Muppets or Abu as an elephant or something like that.
Tigerclaw asks, how long until we see Star Wars characters in Disney Infinity?
I don't know.
Probably not that long.
Wait for Disney Infinity Giants.
I don't think they're going to come out with anything like, you know, like Skylanders Giants because they don't really need to.
Fool.
They don't need to do it for Skylanders either, if you really think about it.
Well, they do because it has to expand the game.
They didn't need a little big planet, too, Loki.
They'll find a way. Come on. They'll find a way.
All right.
The content's on the disk anyway.
They're going to have to have a new edition in another year for the rest of the content.
True.
And we're going to find out about all the characters anyways for Disney Infinity because the content for this entire year is actually on the disk.
That is interesting, too, because you know people are going to hack the shit out of this game the minute it's out.
So anything that they're trying to keep under wraps with Frozen, be ready for that to hit the internet the minute this game leaks.
It's going to be a little harder, though, because you need RFID stuff to do that.
But I don't know what they've done with Skylanders, you know, as far as rewriting RFID tags.
I'm sure that's possible. I'm not really sure how they would do it.
It would be a little bit more complicated than just unlocking everything.
Hackers going to hack.
I'm not sure that they are, but I'm just saying it's a little bit more complicated.
Not everybody's going to be doing it.
The Ouya is getting a controller redesign.
I actually think it looks kind of cool.
There's some people are saying the D-pad sucks.
Apparently the grips on the analog sticks were not rubberized enough, so they kind of changed it and added a little rubberized top to it.
They also, I guess we're adjusting the touchpad sensitivity and moving the triggers closer to the body.
And the D-pad is now, instead of the circular D-pad, it's a cross-shaped D-pad.
And people are seeing the pictures and they're like, oh, it's terrible.
Looks like the Xbox 360 controller.
However, you're not looking at it close enough, because actually the circle part on there, the corners, the little pie-shaped stuff, are actually attached to the controller.
The D-pad itself is the only thing that rocks in there.
So it actually is a true D-pad and not like the Xbox 360 controller, which is kind of a D-pad on top of a circle and the whole thing rocks.
So it'll be interesting to see.
I'm still looking forward to my system in a couple months, so that'll be cool.
Bring it in.
And then, of course, the, I don't know if it's a sign of desperation, but hey, get your friends to buy a Vita, because we need people to buy a Vita.
And if you do, you get $20 in PlayStation Network credit and 1,000 Sony Rewards points.
I don't really know what 1,000 Rewards points buys you, but cool, I guess.
I mean, some sort of referral program.
Kind of along the lines of that, actually, I'm thinking of selling my Vita, because I'm just not playing anything on it.
You know what? You may have a buyer.
So, I don't know. We'll see.
Still waiting for a Grand Theft Auto game.
Still waiting. It's not coming.
Speaking of Grand Theft Auto, second half of May, from what I hear, is supposed to be coming out.
Do you collect your-
That makes sense. Right in time for school to be out, so all the kids can go home and play.
Yeah, because we were bothering them. We were on a conference call at Take-Two, and they're like,
Hey, so when's it coming out?
And they're all, second half of May.
Lisa's word, it's targeted right now.
Of course, that all depends on, they're looking at a new build of it next week,
and assuming that everything's up to something, it'll be the second half.
At the end of February, they're going to be announcing collector's editions.
They're going to have one for $79.99, one for $134.99 to $149.99.
They don't know what's in there yet, but you didn't hear that here.
But then again, it doesn't take a rockish scientist to guess,
Oh, they'll probably be collector's editions, you know?
Yeah, of course.
Long-awaited games always have collector's editions.
Of course, and-
The time frame makes sense.
And-
None of this is unreasonable news.
I'm still begging, still begging my boss to take me,
but Destination PlayStation, I'm going to have a playable build of it now.
I want to play that game!
Of course you do.
I'm like, listen you asshole, you're going to bring me to-
You're bringing me down there.
That'll win you fans.
Alright, going to a game that Loki's not playing,
but if he had a Wii U, he might be playing this.
Zombie U.
So news this week, the Zombie U originally had intended to have a co-op mode,
but it was shelved pretty early into development,
which, you know, kind of makes sense.
The producer of the game said that we thought we could not deliver it on time.
How to bring a cooperative experience and still keep fear and tension
is a question we would love to address, though.
So, probably in Zombie U, too, which I think is inevitable at this point,
but we'll see.
But yeah, that was-
I always wanted to see that banned as a zombie.
Shut up.
300,000 survivors apparently have died so far in Zombie U,
according to the servers at Ubisoft.
There you go.
Well, they're no longer survivors now, aren't they?
Alright, moving on to some interesting news about the Wii U.
Apparently, your Wii Shop purchases will not earn you Club Nintendo coins on Wii U.
In other words, these two stores are very separate.
If you transfer your Wii content to the Wii U,
and you buy WiiWare virtual console games on the Wii U's Wii mode,
you don't get Wii U coins out of that.
Because, face it, Nintendo's Wii and Wii U modes don't know how to talk to each other.
Loki, you and I were chatting before the show about this,
and I don't remember which one of us said it,
but we were joking about this whole $1.50 upgrade
is probably going to be something, you know,
like if you want to get an upgrade to your game and play it on the Wii U.
Yeah, in case you haven't heard about it, the Wii U is going to have virtual console, finally.
You're going to be able to play on your gamepad,
and you're also going to reassign your controls and stuff like that,
and save states and all that fun stuff.
But, it's going to cost you, you're going to have to buy your games again.
However, if you have the original game and you ported it over to your Wii U,
you can buy it for $1.50 for Super Nintendo and $1 for Nintendo games.
And we were joking about that they'll probably be in the Wii mode,
they'll be the Wii U virtual console upgrade channel.
They'll actually transfer, I was saying,
you'll probably have to buy the upgrade in the Wii virtual console,
because Nintendo doesn't know how to get the two things to talk to each other.
They don't know online.
It's not so much that the Wii can't talk to the Wii U part of the device,
but it's the online part.
Like, Nintendo can't figure out how to hook up your Wii and Wii U accounts.
They can't do it.
This proves they can't do it.
Yeah.
And I made the joke that, you know, when you're doing the upgrade,
you know how they have the little loading screen stuff,
it's gonna be a little Pikmin running into your wallet and snatching a dollar out.
So, kind of funny.
And then I said, stop being funny when we're not on air.
I know.
There you go.
I don't make it a point to do that.
All right, well, this is a game that's available on virtual console on the 3DS, I know.
Xevious, there's a 30th anniversary tribute album,
paying homage to the original soundtrack of the shooter,
and lots of different game composers that are contributing to this soundtrack.
It is gonna be out January 29th on iTunes through Namco Sounds.
Very cool.
There's some previews up on YouTube if you want to check that out.
I didn't realize that game was turning 30 years old.
How does it feel to be old?
Old.
Dark Sakura, what do you got for us?
I got some stuff.
First of all, this is sad news.
The composer for Heavy Rain, Norman Corbell, died at 56 years old.
Passed away on,
he was diagnosed with stage 4 pancreatic cancer on August 15th, 2012.
And, let's see, this was posted on the 27th, and he died at 2.56 PM that day.
So that's very sadness.
And then, in happier news, there is a Greenlight game that is actually out now,
that I really came close to buying today, it looks super fun.
Except I have a lot of stuff to pay for and just quit my job.
But it's called No Time to Explain.
The trailer for this is absolutely hilarious.
I mean, it is super funny.
But this one was actually, the interesting thing about this is that the Minecraft guy, Marcus Person,
actually donated $2,000 to this project.
So it's got the approval of our Minecraft dude.
And it's on Steam, so go get it.
And then, in other news, someone didn't link me the story.
There we go.
I was like, I'm looking right at it.
I found it, shush.
Resident Evil 6 PC is going to come with some bonus stuff.
It comes with the Mercenaries No Mercy mode, which is a time attack with waves of enemies.
And we'll see how well people do on that one.
And also, I believe that after that, you'll be able to buy the MIA Siege mode DLC.
So there you go.
It's going to be, well, at least in Europe, it's going to be $19.99 or $29.99 euro.
So who knows what will be here.
Expensive.
All right.
Let's go to a part of the show we call the FUGL Question of the Week.
Well, that's a funny word.
Well, what we did, we smashed the word Facebook and Google together, and we got FUGL.
I believe the term is a portmanteau.
Bless you.
All right.
FUGL Question of the Week, going to the question we asked this week,
which is in a follow-up to something we talked about earlier in the show
with the whole Dead Space 3 and the fact that you will be able to buy some of these guns with real money.
And because of mobile, phone gamers are to blame for this.
So we asked our Facebook and Google community members this week,
have you ever bought a microtransaction in a console game of something you could have used in-game currency to unlock?
Why or why not?
Do you think this sort of mobile, and I put that in quotes,
design in games is a good thing or a bad thing?
We'll start with Google tonight.
Critical Myth says, I've never knowingly done so, but sometimes it's hard to tell with costumes and weapons and so on.
But if it's single player, I don't think it matters one way or the other.
I do think it's BS when multiplayer items go for sale in that manner for obvious reasons.
Actually, I wouldn't have minded hearing a little elaboration on that because Mass Effect does that whole thing.
It's not the most bullshit thing I've ever seen.
I don't really care for it.
And I think it's a horrible value too compared to how long it takes to get the in-game currency to do it.
But because it's all co-op, it doesn't necessarily throw the game out of whack.
But I think the obvious reasons you state there are probably more in the head-to-head multiplayer games.
That's my guess anyway.
Anyhow, more answers.
Redertainment on Google Plus says, yes, I've paid real monies for games and items I could earn in-game.
I didn't do this because I'm used to doing so by prior experience.
I did this because of the general philosophy I have towards things.
I want it all, I want it all, I want it all, and I want to expediently.
Flaco Jones says, I've never paid for something that I could earn normally in a console game.
I meet with guides and FAQs freely available on the internet to show you where every last item is hidden and how to get it.
It seems like it would be a waste of money.
Going to Facebook and some of the answers there, James S.
If they incorporate a way for you to obtain the items by collecting in-game currency, then whatever.
This is just one of the many evolutions of the gaming industry in today's troublesome economy.
We all must take the necessary steps in order to keep our heads above water.
Whether or not that means pissing some people off in the process.
It's a business, deal with it.
Hmm, I don't know. I think folks will deal with it when they stop buying the games.
But regardless, again, the mobile phone logic is you only paid 99 cents for the game in the first place, not 60.
That's the big discrepancy here, anyway.
Jovadea says, I could really care less about microtransactions for items I can still pick up with in-game money.
There are some in-game unlockables that are just a huge pain in the ass.
So it might be worth it for something like that if I'm too putsy to unlock it myself.
But I can just ignore it and enjoy the game normally if I don't want to put out the cash.
It only becomes annoying when the microtransaction is for something I can't get myself in-game,
or so difficult to unlock it could take years to save up in-game due to just how you get the game money.
That's just the company pushing you to spend more money for more pretties.
Again, though, if the extra pretties are something that takes away from the core game, then it doesn't matter.
Don't want to spend the money on it, then don't.
Some people like to collect all the pretties, though. Let them waste their money on what they want.
AKVG Games replies and says, I have never bought anything that was microtransaction related.
The closest thing to it was DLC for either character skin or expansion of a story.
I don't believe I'll ever pay money for anything in a game that you could earn or unlock.
I understand why people pay to get something ahead of time.
But in my personal opinion, you lose a couple things from doing so.
There's more to that, but I can't read all of these answers, so please check out the full-length responses on Facebook.
Redthehaze replies and says, there was a console game I avoided because of the microtransactions,
and that was Gotham City Impostors.
The game was $15 and had the option to purchase upgrades, which could be unlocked in the game.
I would have no problem with it, but it took too much time to unlock the upgrades.
It resulted with unbalanced gameplay, giving the advantage to those who spent a lot of time and or those who paid money.
That being said, I will pick up Dead Space 3 and goes on to say that the Dead Space 3 upgrades are co-op multiplayer and single player and so on.
Uh, Gotham City Impostors, that game kind of flopped a rude though, didn't it?
I think so.
And did it go free to play at some point?
Uh, I don't remember if it did.
Did I not call that?
I thought it did. I could be wrong. I could be wrong.
I'm just saying, I called it.
$15 is still pretty cheap, but anyhow.
Burr replies and says, most microtransactions feel like paying for cheat codes.
Why the hell are we paying for cheat codes?
It feels like insult heaped upon injury considering that on today's consoles we can no longer cheat in our games because of achievements, trophies, etc.
I think that comment really hits the nail on the head to what I think.
And we were talking earlier in the show about the whole, like, SimCity and how that's all changed.
I think this is right up the alley of why that all went down that way.
Degenerate Johnny said, honestly, I think it all depends on the player.
I personally have no partook in microtransactions in games with the exception of wow.
Damn that sparkly horse.
However, I do see that there's a growing market for them.
As games are becoming progressively longer and more frequent, it makes life harder for the completionist to master the game in time for the next game to be released.
Even the most skillful players have a rough time keeping up.
These microtransactions help save time for these players.
And again, this one continues as well.
But here's my question.
How does the sparkly horse help you save time?
I guess technically you don't have to buy a flying mount if you have one.
Wait, wasn't it that it used to be that if you bought one of the mounts with faster speed naturally that you automatically unlocked Master Flying?
Not the Uber. No, you still have to pay for flying.
Not paying for flying, but I thought that it was right before they patched it out that if you had...
If you get the in-game achievement for the Violet Drake, you would automatically unlock the 310 flying.
Yeah, that's been patched out since.
Andy R said, I've bought plenty of DLC, mostly rock bands.
See, I appreciate the answers, but the sparkly horse and rock band songs aren't necessarily things you can unlock with in-game money.
And that's a key difference too. Especially with rock band.
And the reason why I wanted to draw that distinction, especially with rock band, is that it's so different.
Like when you're actually paying for a song that is new and you understand that licensing goes into getting that song in the game and so forth.
It's very different for me.
While Andy R agrees, I draw the line when it is something unlockable in the game.
Alright, there you go.
I think it's mostly because I'm stingy about that kind of thing. I have no problems buying add-ons to a game I'm enjoying throughout.
I think that's a good way to put it, add-ons.
And lastly, Annamalous Underdog says, no, the only DLC I ever bought was more songs for Rocksmith.
DLC that adds substantially new content is the only kind of DLC I'm ever willing to buy.
Rock band, Rocksmith, Guitar Hero, it's all...
Hell, DDR. They're all the same, honestly.
Except when the DDR songs were on the disc. That was a little more shady. Little bit shady.
Little bit.
Thank you for all the questions. Please, to read the responses in full, check out our Facebook community.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, all one word.
Or you can search for Orange Lounge Radio on Google Plus. We're there as well and you can read those answers.
Alright, let's get back into some more news.
And we already started to talk about one of these a minute ago, Loki, right?
Yes, yes. So, lots of Nintendo news. Basically, they had another Nintendo Direct...
I don't know what you want to call it. It's not really a press conference, but video that they made.
And they talked about a few game announcements and releases and then showed you some stuff, I guess.
So, I don't know. I'm a little hesitant on everything that I saw.
Just because we don't know when a lot of this stuff is coming out.
But let's just go over what they talked about.
So, first things first. One of the big announcements was that they're gonna do an HD remake of Legends of the Wind Waker.
And it's gonna have better graphics and gonna be on the Wii U and have all the Wii U stuff.
It's supposed to be coming out this fall.
So, neat. Although I'm not that excited about it. Even though Wind Waker is a pretty fun game and I really do like Wind Waker.
I actually thought that the new graphics don't look good. It's too much bloom.
This was one of those announcements where it wasn't really surprising.
And it's funny because I got into a debate with somebody on Facebook about this.
I didn't really feel a lot of this news that came out of Nintendo was that surprising.
And it's like, well, how could you have called Wind Waker? And I'm like, well, there's a difference.
It's not that I predicted it or I knew it was coming. That's not what I'm talking about.
When I heard the news that Wind Waker was coming out, I did more one of those, oh yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah, actually, why didn't we see this coming? Because they always do a Zelda remake for consoles these days, it seems.
We had the new Zelda on 3DS. We had a Mario remake launch the original DS.
We had Zelda on Game Boy Advance that was cross playable.
The Zelda that launched the Wii was essentially a GameCube Zelda game, but with the controls.
This whole reimagining of previous Zelda games isn't exactly a new territory for Nintendo.
No, and I always thought that they would be doing HD remakes of games. I thought it would be Wii games.
So they would do HD remakes of. And I guess, I mean, are GameCube games close enough?
Here's the thing, though. They also said they're working on another Zelda game.
But, you know, just like, hey, we're working on Smash Brothers.
Grass is green. Pope is Catholic. Bear shit in woods.
We don't know when it's coming out. And, you know, I would say at least next year, not later.
Super Smash Brothers for the Wii U and 3DS is supposed to be showcased at E3.
Doesn't say coming out this year, though. I'd like to point that out.
They showed a video for the Yoshi game. That alleged Yoshi game that we saw in the debug menus and stuff on.
The whole Wii U community thing. And it's done in the style of Kirby's Epic Yarn.
Cool. No mentioning when that's coming out, but they're working on it.
Also, a new, very briefly in a video, a new game from Monolith Soft that looks sort of like Xenoblade for the Wii U.
Once again.
That was, okay, of all the various announcements made, that one was more one where it's like, it was like, yay.
Because clearly, you know, Xenoblade had kind of a rough transition going from Japan to the U.S.
And, you know, all the stuff that went with that.
But it came out, and that kind of shows that, okay, maybe Nintendo's putting a little more stock in this than they did when it was originally on the Wii.
So that piece of news was like, got a smile out of me.
One that I was kind of, I don't know, it was a little weird, Shin Megami Tensei Crossfire Emblem.
Interesting.
Yeah, that was the one where I was like, now that's a surprise.
That's, that's, that's, okay, cool, cool.
I'm with you here.
That was cool.
I'm gonna tell you right now, that's not gonna sell very well.
And just because you got two very niche franchises, I mean, Fire Emblem, there are rabbit fans for it, but let's be honest.
Your soccer moms are not gonna be buying this game.
Well, but maybe the expectations and the budget aren't that high.
Because, I mean, by that logic, they would have stopped making Fire Emblem games a long time ago, but they haven't.
So, that audience, as small as it may be, or as niche as it may be, is enough to substantiate this happening.
I hope they're right.
No, the soccer moms won't buy this, but that's not who Nintendo needed to talk to with this little press conference thingy they did, either.
This wasn't a soccer mom conference.
If Reggie Fils-Aime wanted to talk to the soccer moms, he'd go on Ellen.
They announced that the Miiverse is coming to smartphones, so you're gonna be able to browse the Miiverse stuff on there.
Now, that was, it was surprising and not surprising at the same time.
Because, you know, you're like, oh, holy shit, a Nintendo app on the iPhone, but then you're like, oh yeah, the investors have been, like, breathing down their fucking necks to do something on the iPhone.
You know, the Pokemon company finally did their thing, you know, for what it's worth on the iPhone.
This is to appease investors. This is Nintendo's move to appease investors.
I just hope it's good, because they sure as hell don't know how to code anything for the internet.
Well, Miiverse is one of the more fascinating features of the Wii U. I guess we'll leave it at that.
Pleasant surprises. That's a good way to put it. It's a pleasant surprise on the Wii U.
This summer, um, we're gonna be getting a sequel to Wii Party, a party game that no one fucking bought.
Well now, wait a minute, Loki. I'm calling you out on this, because you just said, here's one that Soccer Moms won't give a shit about, yet now here's Wii Party. You know who did buy that game?
No one! No, Soccer Moms.
Nobody bought it. Trust me, I had to sell this game. Nobody fucking bought it.
It was just like, is it Mario Party? Nope. Don't care. Don't need it.
I don't know why they would make a sequel to a game that didn't sell, but...
Because it's Nintendo. They'll do whatever they want. I mean, it's minimal effort.
But, one of the big things that they were, you know, touting with this is that you'll be able to do two-player gameplay on the gamepad.
And you'll be able to basically just, kind of like how they showed some of the demos and stuff that you could do, like stuff, you know, where you can play, you know, air hockey or whatever on the gamepad.
Although, explain to me how that's gonna fucking work, since it doesn't have multi-touch?
Wii Party, VGCharts.com, 1.67 million in North America, 3.27 million in Europe. This is games being made for Europe.
North America sold less than Japan, too. But 1.67 is nothing to bat your eyelashes at, so...
Yeah, I wonder how many of those were after the game dropped down to nothing.
Would you like me to look at the week-by-week detail?
Yes, I would. I'd love to.
Let's take a peek.
I can tell you that no one bought that.
Well, again, Europe was the biggest selling region for that game, so...
Which is really odd. Did they not get like a Mario Party game over there or something?
I don't know. Maybe it's just, you know, different strokes for different folks, right?
Let's see, I'm trying to bring it up here week-by-week.
Keep going, I'll figure it out.
Alright. And then, of course, one of the announcements was the whole Virtual Console trial thing.
The highest amount of sales were the week of November 27th, but that's the Black Friday week in 2010.
It did sell, like, it sold almost a million the first year it was out, in 2010.
But it sold 300,000 more in 2011, which I imagine is when that price drop was.
It was before that. It was like a few months after it came out.
Okay, so, yeah, that's why there was so many offered up for Black Friday, clearing out inventory.
So, the Virtual Console trial program basically kind of gets you guys hooked on buying Virtual Console games for the Wii U.
You would be able to purchase, they're going to have 30 set games, and they're going to be available for 30 days, basically a month for each.
So first one, of course, for January was Balloon Fight, and then for February they're going to have F-Zero.
March is Punch Out featuring Mr. Dream, April Kirby's Adventure, May Super Metroid, June Yoshi, and July Donkey Kong.
And 30 cents each, and, you know, if you don't buy them during that time frame, then you're going to have to pay the $1 or $1.50 to upgrade them, or, you know, not.
I'm not a big fan of the upgrade fees, because I just don't get it, because I feel like the, you know, and they're talking about,
oh, well, they're new emulators, you can play them on the gamepad, I'm like, big fucking deal, you know, it's not-
Why is it a good-
Why can't I- where are the goddamn leaderboards, or even online play, or, you know, like, something else to really push this Virtual Console thing forward?
Why is it so hard for them to code an emulator for that stuff? I can tell you this much, there's people that had emul- when that homebrew channel came out,
there's people that had emulators running for all games, you know, all games of a certain- or, you know, all games that are compatible with an emulator.
Relatively easy, I don't understand why this is such a problem.
But I will say this, I did spend the 30 cents to get Balloon Fight, I didn't have it before, and I thought, you know, what the heck, let me just kind of take a-
30 cents, for god's sake, I'll take a look at it, and I will say the sound is actually really good, I don't- and it's weird because-
I noticed that too.
Yeah, the NES had that mono sound, so I don't know if they did something to maybe fake a stereo emulation, but like, having the TV sound and the gamepad sound actually sounds kind of nice.
And, thank fuck, finally, you don't have to put your TV into 4-3 mode, it will finally- like it knows to scrunch down the image of the picture.
To be appropriate, it's not all stretched like the Wii Virtual Console was. Thank god, finally.
But again, are those two things enough to really substantiate a buck fifty upgrade?
Remember, and that's not a buck fifty for the game, people, that's a buck fifty when you already dropped seven or eight on it.
That's my big sticking point. People are forgetting, we already paid a decent amount of money for these games.
And the reason that they're doing that, they claim, is because there's no- or, well, the reason we think is because there's no real way to link them.
Yet, at the same time, there's no real way to link it when they not know that you've already purchased it and wouldn't charge you just the dollar, dollar fifty.
So, they do know that you bought it. The least they could do is, hey, you know what? You bought these games, I'll tell you what.
You import them over, when those downloads become available, you get the Wii, you know, Wii U version for free.
I mean, really, what are they missing out on? A dollar? I mean, come on. Just do that.
I would show some really, you know, hey, you know what? We put this emulator out.
Or just give it slightly enhanced value. You know, like, how hard would it be to have, you know, certificates, achievements, trophies, whatever, for you beat the virtual-
Network multiplayer.
Network- for real! How hard is that? I guess, too laggy or something.
It's hard to build netcode in emulators. Oh, but wait, they already did that shit on PC.
Exactly.
Homebrew emulators have netcode where you can play games over the internet. Multiplayer. Oh, go fake.
Oh, Foliath. You know, the company that fucking made the games could come up with netcode. Oh, but that would be asking them to embrace the internet and they don't fucking understand yet.
Is that it?
That's it. Oh, okay. I'm dead.
I wasn't sure if there was more.
Alright, well, let's move on with something else about the Wii U.
And a very interesting comment that was made this week by Crystal Dynamics, who, of course, as you know, are making the Wii U-
Or, excuse me, they're not making the Wii- That was the comment.
Crystal Dynamics is making Tomb Raider, and the comment was about a Wii U version of Tomb Raider.
Because, you know, why not? We had, you know, Batman, Arkham City, and, you know, these other games that were- Mass Effect 3 were ported to Wii U.
So, where's our Tomb Raider port to the Wii U?
And, you know, if creative director Noah Hughes, if you try to read between the lines of what he said here, it's probably not happening.
Quote, I'm always a fan of Nintendo systems. In particular, they really push interface design, and from a game design perspective, it's fun to play with the new interfaces.
So, there's the nice little, like, I'm gonna say something nice, and then here's the but.
But, having said that, it's something that I think we would want to tailor the experience to if we were gonna do it.
And currently, we're offering it on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC.
And all three of those are really trying to deliver roughly the same experience, but delivered best on each platform.
I think something like the Wii U often asks you to do something unique based on a unique interface, so that's something as a gamer I love.
But it's something that you don't want to do half-heartedly as a developer.
So, in other words, they don't want to try and, at least what I'm hearing in here, they don't want to try and put Tomb Raider on the Wii U when it wasn't really designed with the Wii U in mind, when there's something extra going on there.
And I say, makes sense to me.
Yeah.
You know, maybe there's somewhere else where Lara Croft can fit on the Wii U.
You know, there were those games, the Xbox Live, thank you, the Guardian of Light, the PlayStation Network, and Xbox Live Arcade games.
I bet one of those games could be done very well on the Wii U, if they wanted to do that, I don't know.
I just think it's really late for them to, they've been working on Tomb Raider for a while, it's probably late for them to make a port.
And it might not be that beneficial because they're worried that the numbers aren't there yet to support that.
No, makes sense to me. I get it.
And honestly, I think the people that want to play Tomb Raider probably already have, are the types of people that already have Xbox, PlayStation 3, or a PC.
You know, like PC's a pretty big market, you know.
Anyhow, let's move on with more news. Dark Sakura.
Well, this is the news we've been waiting for, and it's already been all over the place and I'm sure everyone knows about it, but this is super, super awesome.
Basically, we talked last week about how Jonathan Coulton had been kind of shafted, well actually really shafted when it came to Glee's treatment of his cover of Baby Got Back.
So now, even though there's still some legal research going on with this, what he's done is re-released his original as a cover of a cover of his cover.
So now it's listed on iTunes, Amazon, and Google Play as Baby Got Back in the style of Glee.
And I paid for it, I mean it's a good cause, but basically what's going to happen with this, he's using the same license he had before.
So after basically Sir Mix-A-Lot gets paid, then the proceeds, well and iTunes, then any other proceeds are going to be donated to the VH1 Save the Music Foundation and the It Gets Better project.
Which roundaboutly goes back to Glee because they're also sending donations to that, so.
Yeah, a lot of what I, the comments I've been reading is that, you know, Glee is supposed to be all anti-bullying and stuff, but what is Fox doing to JoCo in this case?
Pretty much, yeah.
It's kind of sick.
I mean, it comes down to the bottom line, it's all about greed.
You know who the real winner is in this scenario though? Sir Mix-A-Lot.
Yeah, he's like, dude, all this money.
Who's given Sir Mix-A-Lot any thought recently, you know?
Seriously, like what's the last thing he's done?
That guy's like, thank god I can pay the rent this month.
No, he's actually, to tell you the truth, he's actually still been, I think he did like a lot of producing.
Yeah, I wouldn't doubt it.
But honestly, the last Sir Mix-A-Lot song that ever came out that I gave a damn about was Buttermilk Biscuits.
Huh.
So, just saying.
Game guru in our chat room says, Coversception.
He needs to actually be knighted, and then he can really be Sir Mix-A-Lot.
Because that would be awesome.
I love it.
Why can't we have that happen?
I don't know, write the Queen of England and suggest that, oh yeah, he's not English for one.
Who cares, whatever, we'll make an exception.
Make an exception.
I think that actually non-Englishmen can be knighted.
Okay.
I'd have to double check it, but I think so.
Well, maybe Sir Mix-A-Lot can just be an ambassador, you know, if it's good enough for something.
How about we just call him Mr. Mix-A-Lot?
Mr. Mix-A-Lot?
The ambassador to large posteriors.
Bootyvania.
Alright, moving on, Loki.
Alright, so, this guy, I don't know what to do.
Seriously, can these people get voted out of office already?
I mean, seriously, Senator Leland Yee.
You know, you hear that name, you know it's got to be something anti-gaming, and of course that's what it is.
Apparently, he made a comment to the San Francisco Chronicle saying, hey, gamers just have to quiet down.
Because gamers have no credibility in this argument, saying about the violent video games thing.
I'm sure he's trying to pass another anti-gaming law or something like that.
I think this is in response to all the, you know, voices you're hearing in the community about, hey, stop blaming us for that sick stuff that happened at Sandy Hook.
I think that's where he's saying, you know, gamers need to kind of be quiet.
And it's like, no, you be quiet.
No, you shut up.
I know, right? Such a mature argument, right?
But, like, in some ways I'm completely serious.
Like, I find that little comment by him to be very dismissive that, like, gamers are just a bunch of, like, angry kids.
And it's like, you know, most of us are, or I should say there's a big part of us that really grew up on video games as a part of our culture.
And we're in our mid-30s and even 40s now, and it's like, by the way, we vote, and you're not the mayor of San Francisco for that reason.
Partially.
By the way, I do have an expansion for what I just said.
Yeah.
Anybody can be knighted, but they can't accept a peerage unless they renounce their current citizenship.
So, just saying.
Well, Leland Yee should certainly not be knighted.
No, he should be set on fire.
I mean, did I say that a lot?
Metaphorically.
Metaphorically. He needs to be fired.
Yes.
Fired.
Much better. Much better.
Well, he ran for mayor of San Francisco, if I remember right. He didn't get it.
He can be smothered in the back of dicks.
Metaphorically.
Metaphorically.
I just, I don't know. I mean, there's just a lot of ignorant people out there, and they're only getting older.
Can you say that quote from him too? What was that again? Gamers need to, it wasn't gamers need to shut up, but gamers need to...
Gamers have just got to quiet down, and then gamers have no credibility in this argument.
What?
Yes, let me make your job easier in passing these unconstitutional laws. Let me just quiet down.
Why don't I just ignore the first amendment that gives me the right to call you out on your state spewing and misjudgment of our community?
Hey, you people of color, why don't you just quiet down, okay? We don't need to pass these equality laws or anything.
Why don't you just stop complaining?
Yeah, hey gays, shut up.
Yes, seriously, gays, just stop complaining.
Let them throw you in trash cans. Fag is just a word.
I'm just trying to do my job here, okay? Passing these laws.
But you know what? Women get the same thing too, because we're told we're not able to decide what goes on with our, you know, girl bits.
I'm sorry, you don't have a vag, you can't talk about it. That's what I think, and I say the same thing to the non-gamers.
You don't game, you're not allowed to talk about it.
Are you saying Leland Yee should play a video game?
Yes, I think he should. I mean, he can't grow a vag, but at least he can pick up a controller.
I mean, I guess we could arrange that in a, you know, some surgery.
But maybe Leland Yee, okay, in all seriousness, maybe Leland Yee needs to play Journey.
I'm not talking about the one from 84.
Leland Yee maybe needs to stop focusing so much on the Grand Theft Autos and the, you know, what the hell, Manhunt, which is like a 10-year-old game anyway.
And maybe he needs to start focusing on, like, some of the, you know, other things that makes our community great.
You know, again, Journey was voted Game of the Year.
No one's playing Manhunt anymore. I mean, seriously, my school just bring up, you know, Custard's Revenge.
All those kids are getting their-
Pixel dick.
They're just getting exposed to porn, you know, because of these games like Custard's Revenge that no one plays.
Or, like, you know, Manhunt that probably most kids nowadays don't even- they don't know that game.
They don't even know what it is because it's so fucking old.
Legend- I love this comment and I think we'll end with this.
Legend of Zaku in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
Leland Yee channeling his inner Marie Antoinette. Go eat cake, gamers.
Very well spoken. But we all know what happened to Marie Antoinette.
Well, yeah, but-
Metaphorically.
No, she got- she really happened to her. And besides that, though, I think that, uh, I think he-
God, my inner history nerd is totally just screaming.
Let it go, girl. Let it go.
I'll just tell him in chat.
Okay. See what you're missing by not being at live.vognetwork.com.
Well, uh, if you think it's just Leland Yee, you're wrong.
More light gun games and gun games disappearing after more complaints.
I'm sick of reporting on this stuff. Can we just go to the mailbag?
Let's just not report on it. Out of that, I-
Well, no, because- because the reality is there's too many people that are sitting by and watching this happen.
So I do feel a responsibility to say, wake up. You're getting blamed for this.
You, who might not even be into some of these video games, that you as a gamer, as somebody who sought out this podcast and downloaded it, knowing we talked about video games, you are a gamer one way or the other.
I'm- I'm- I'm 99.9% sure you are. You are being blamed for this tragedy that happened back East.
Wake up.
Don't forget about the other people who are getting blamed for it, too.
Are they? Well, yes, but let's- I mean, like, movies and TV and so forth, it seems like a lot of that-
Now I'm talking about autism spectrum people who are also getting shafted out of the whole thing, too.
Yes, that's very true.
You know who's to blame? It's that damn show, Grey's Anatomy.
It is-
It's the blame.
It is- it's Glee's fault.
There's so much violence on that show, blood and guts everywhere, and sex. There's sexing on that show.
Glee taught me how to steal.
I robbed a 7-Eleven because Glee said it was okay to steal.
Hey, I pirated all that music because Glee made it okay. Fox is saying, hey, this is what we do.
We copy- we copy that floppy until-
You got exposure?
Until the cows come home and says, you know what, hey, what are you gonna do?
But you should be happy then listening to your music.
Why don't you go make some more music so I can steal that, too?
I guess we should go to the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place where you can send your emails every week.
And Dark Soccer will dive in the email bag head first to read them.
Yay!
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com. Dark Soccer.
I'm gonna have a headache now.
Our first email comes from, I'm gonna mispronounce the name, Ramaditya.
Hi guys, this is Ramaditya.
This month I tried to give you pictures from my wedding, but unfortunately Facebook blocked your access.
Now I would like to share one of the greatest parts of my marriage ceremony, the Star Wars wedding party.
And it's actually a YouTube video, so we really can't pull it up and watch it right now during the show.
This is the first three minutes where actually my greetings and preparation.
You may watch the duel in front of the audience when you reach the middle part of the video.
I hope this will inspire other fellow gamers to do something unique to their unforgettable events in life.
See, Dan and I, when we got married, we just went to the courthouse.
And then he, like, made faces at me and I punched him.
I punched him in the arm and told him to knock it off.
That was my wedding.
You punched your husband on your wedding day.
Yeah.
But that's what worked for you guys, and that's what's most important.
At the end of the day, you guys are the ones getting married.
We will watch your awesome duel when we are not live during the show.
But thank you for sharing it with us.
Next email.
Good day, OLR. Thank you so much for reading my email on the show.
I can't believe you guys are still on the air.
Neither can we.
Neither can we.
I've started listening from the beginning and it's brought back some outstanding memories.
I apologize if this runs a little long, but I first heard the show in a rather unusual way.
It was at an old glow-in-the-dark bowling alley double arcade owned by the nicest group of people I've ever met.
What I mean by double arcade is-
Somebody was playing this show at a bowling alley?
I don't know. Let me read it.
Awesome.
Let me read the damn email!
We say fucking shit.
Fuck, fuck, cock.
Okay.
What I mean by double arcade is that it was split into two adjoining rooms, each with their own genre of cabinets.
The first room was row after row of fighting games.
The other was the bimani room that hosts near-weekly tournaments of each and yearly bimani game festival.
On the morning of said festival, I remember hearing a clip from your show talking about 2DX.
I loved hearing the host chat it up.
I completely forgot to ask about it. I was too excited waiting for Chorus K to arrive.
And I've been keeping an ear out ever since.
Just to a few weeks ago, while looking up a new WoW podcast to listen to, I somehow ended up downloading an episode of Hoard House.
The whole episode, I kept thinking, boy, this Rob Roberts cost sure sounds awfully damn familiar.
And then you eventually mentioned OLR.
I downloaded the newest episode of that, and voila, I've somehow managed to find my show all these years later.
So thank you so much for everything you do and have done for the last decade now.
You've reminded me of some just simply unbelievable memories of a place that got flooded years and years ago now.
Much love. I guess it's Plagius? Plagius?
Wow. Hoard House did something good. Who knew that? I'm teasing, I'm teasing. That's pretty amazing.
Those are grandpa's jokes.
Still, the whole bowling alley thing blows me away.
I guess I have heard that this show gets played in some very interesting places.
I heard there was a GameStop that was playing this show somewhere.
And I'm like, can't you get in trouble for that? Because we use naughty language.
I don't know if they were doing it after hours or what.
Are we talking about the Evil G?
Yeah, right? So it must have been after hours.
Oh, the irony.
It must have been. I don't know.
That Evil G must be Goodfellas, or Goodyear Tires.
Goodyear Tires. Damn that Goodyear Tires.
Well, also, this was a few years ago before there was so much fuckery.
I mean, let's be real. There was a time and place when that was a store we all went to regularly.
And my husband worked at?
Exactly. It's different now.
I've heard of a LAN gaming center that was playing this show at one point, which, you know, that's pretty cool.
But yeah, bowling alley. So I want to say to all the bowling alleys, how do you cheer on bowlers?
Roll the ball.
Knock the pin.
Go turkey.
Get that turkey. Clap, clap, clap.
I don't know. I need Jay Links.
Jay Links, how do you cheer a bowler?
It makes me think of Global at...
What the fuck is that?
Country Club Lanes.
Yeah, one of our old school DDR spots.
The last time I did Global was when Mel and Melody were in town, and I think... Didn't you come too?
Probably. We need to go Global now.
It was like two in the morning, and we were like...
You know what this email wants me to do? It makes me want to go bowling, because I haven't been bowling in forever.
Let's do it while I'm not working.
Last email.
Hey, OLR. Decided to put some time into getting the Wiimote working on my Windows 7 machine.
But apparently the new Wiimotes don't like to play with Windows.
Do you have any suggestions you can point me towards, or even better, a sure-far way to get it to work?
Tanks in advance.
And this comes from Xenocore.
It should just work. I mean, it's Bluetooth, so it'd work like any Bluetooth device.
Sometimes they can be a little bit tricky to set up.
Like, I remember I had a Bluetooth dongle for my laptop, and I tried getting the Wiimote to work with that with an emulator.
And it was just like, nope, not gonna do it.
So it may just be you might need to try a different adapter, or you may need to try, like, you know, syncing in a different way.
I know you can't just push the sync button. I think you have to push the 1 and 2 buttons at the same time, if I remember correctly.
I know I got one to sync up to my Android phone to play some games on that.
Actually, that was my old Android phone. I should try the new one, too.
But I've got a Bluetooth controller for that now, and I think this laptop has Bluetooth built in.
Hell, I know my wife's netbook has Bluetooth built in, so I should try that.
I have to read this part of his signature, too.
Power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely, trivial power corrupts disproportionately.
I love it. That's it.
That's it?
That's it.
We need more bowling alley emails. Mailbag at orangesontradio.com.
And we're spent.
So where's the craziest place you kids have listened to this show?
That's kind of what I want to know, like, for real.
I kind of miss strikes now.
There still is a strike.
I know, but that's why we need to go.
Oh, because you haven't been in a while.
I haven't been in ages.
All right.
You know I was just in Reno. You know what they have in Reno?
DDR1.
No, no, no, not even. I did see a DDR supernova machine this way. I should have said that. I did see DDR supernovas.
Did you go to where your DDR cherry was popped?
No, because that was in Vegas.
Oh, that's right. You went to Reno.
I was at the Rocky Horror 25th Anniversary Convention the first time I played DDR.
We decided to say, fuck it. We didn't go to Shock Treatment Night.
But anyway, the story I really want to say, in Reno, they have, like, it's a huge bowling center that's, like, I think it's like the national bowling.
Did you go to Circus Circus?
Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's where I saw DDR supernova.
But bowling! National. Oh, forget it.
Did they sell the Daytona machines there? Because they had, like, a ton of Daytona machines.
No, actually, truth be told, Circus Circus, sad. I mean, because it's the same thing that happened to every other arcade.
Ticket machines. Ticket machines, ticket machines, ticket machines, ticket machines.
And just like, um, just like Dark Tetsuya said about Country Club Lanes, which we haven't been to in forever,
Dark Tetsuya said, yeah, no DDR there anymore. This is all in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com.
Dark Tetsuya says, now it's all Dave and Buster style games like the Pac-Man Battle Royale and Faster Than Light or whatever that ticket game is.
Lame.
I mean, I'd hope they at least gotten DDR X2, but X3 or X2 or X3 were the last.
Yeah, Circus Circus, the only thing I caught, there was a driving game and I don't even remember which one it was.
Uh, just one of the flashy, it wasn't even, it wasn't like Initial D or anything.
It was, I think it was like, have they made a racing game out of Fast and Furious?
Yeah. I think it was that.
The Fast and Furious games are very similar to, uh, Cruisin'. It's the same.
Why can't we have Sugar Rush?
It was that and DDR. And the rest, ticket games.
Uh, claw machines, the, you know, Circus Circus, the casinos have the whole carnival barkers and those games.
That's still one of the few places you see that too. I mean, you know, now so many places have automated.
Yeah.
Horsey races and all that stuff.
They may have had, they may have buried them back in the arcades cause their arcades kind of go in like some subterranean caverns and crap back there.
We looked, we did a whole little, now granted, it was really crowded when we were there.
Wow.
Which is weird.
Yeah, it was weird.
Well, Saturday night.
Silver Legacy has theirs tucked away in the childcare center.
You know who had more arcade games was my favorite ghetto as fuck casino in the world. I love this place. Calneva.
Which is on the, it's on the strip in Reno. I just said Reno has a strip. It's so pathetic compared to Vegas.
But it does have a strip and the Calneva is there and, uh, I love the Calneva cause it's just, it's just so ghetto.
And you know, because there's no more Fitzgerald's or Virginia and you know, there's got, there's got to be a ghetto casino that holds that down.
And so Calneva really tastes the cake, but on the second floor they have arcade games, but they don't have really a lot of ticket spitters probably cause they can't pay somebody to run a ticket counter.
So they have like old ass recycled arcade games up there on the second floor. So that was pretty like a Neo Geo machine and that type of stuff.
Yeah.
No.
Anyhow.
Let's move on.
SSG 100 Matt says, was that the arcade in the wizard? I don't remember. Might've been.
Now I want to go look that up. Did they go to Reno in the wizard? Yes, they did.
Holy shit. It probably touched my breast. Right. I thought that was Vegas for some reason. It was Reno.
The only movie I associate with Reno is Sister Act.
It's Reno and Gamora.
Uh, Oh yes. Speaking of, uh, Reno, it's time for the FUs of the week, everybody.
Uh, where's the FU of the week music. Here it is.
So 500 is going to come up. We're still going to have that same intro from seven years ago.
I mean, Midi Head did a great job. It's great, but you know, seven years.
Hey Midi Head, if you're still listening to us, make us a new one, please.
All right. Inhale.
I won't scream.
FU is the week time. Varsagra.
I don't know. I guess FU did not having a job now, but at the same time, not having my old job is awesome.
So I guess that's good.
Yeah. I'm done.
Loki, um, FU to drivers making right turns.
For some reason, people cannot make right turn fast enough for my satisfaction.
Like they will slow down to like no speed at all.
I don't understand why it's so hard to make a right turn and to this dick.
Like, I don't know what it was.
Some guy coming off the freeway today and like went across five lanes, no signaling whatsoever.
Oh, but managed to signal during his left turn.
Like actually in the middle of the turn, he flipped on a signal for no apparent reason.
Stupid kid driver.
My FU of the week goes to chain requirements on IAD.
Enough said.
So I'm looking at Wikipedia.
They finally arrive in Reno, where it is revealed that Haley wants her share of the prize money to help her father buy a house with the help of an acquaintance trucker.
They use the money when it craps tables to train Jimmy on several games in the Reno arcades using Nintendo play choice, 10 machines.
Maybe that was, I need to find that scene online.
So which, which, uh, they don't say on, on Wiki, what, what may have been set.
So that's why it may have been a set.
That's actually a very good point.
All right. Anyhow.
All right.
Um, so blockbusters closing more stores, which is kind of bad.
Um, they're closing up 300 stores in the U S here.
They just closed another 160 in the UK where they've recently filed bankruptcy there.
And, uh, that brings them down to a total of 500 stores in the States and 500 stores in the UK.
What is kind of unique and not something that's actually reported on this article here in something I've got to know a little bit of information on is they're actually going to start doing game retail.
Oh, really?
Yeah. Not just rental.
You will be able to preorder your games there.
Hmm.
Soon.
Actually starting with, uh, March.
That's why I was on the call.
I was on to this week.
Uh, yeah, so maybe they'll pick up your copy of a MLB or why I will be cause it's too late for that Bioshock though.
Bioshock infinite.
You'll be able to pick up your local blockbuster if you are ever so inclined.
Very important research I need to do here.
Live on this show.
This is very, very, very important.
First off, what is that guy in the background?
Okay, hold on.
No one wears that.
No one, no, nobody wears Speedos in public.
All right, hold on.
Got you, Jimmy boy.
Time to go home, son.
We're too late.
He touched my breast!
That is not the Calneva.
The arcade at the Calneva is on the second floor.
That does look like a Hollywood stage.
It's probably where that was filmed.
Yeah.
They might've just said it was that.
Anyhow, very important, very important question we had to answer.
I mean, that was crucial.
I could not continue the show until I knew if that was the case.
I could not continue the show until I knew if that was the Calneva or not.
I wonder if she's used that line before.
Like, now that she's grown up a bit.
Shane Alingo in our chat room says, Jimmy grew up to be super hot.
All right, moving on.
One last story for you guys tonight.
And this has to do with an arcade beat-em-up game coming to Facebook.
And apparently it's turning some heads because it is a console-quality game.
You know, when we think of Facebook games, we don't think of a lot of really great games.
Or it's, you know, click and then give me money for more energy pills.
Like, there's just not a lot of great, great games on Facebook.
The only one that I think a lot of console and PC gamers will give any cred to is maybe, like, You Don't Know Jack.
You know, because it's, you know, that kind of gets a little bit of a break.
But not a lot of hardcore stuff on Facebook.
Well, I don't know if you guys knew about this, but there's a new developer, N-Way.
And this is a San Francisco-based company. They were founded in 2011.
It was founded by game industry veterans.
And their sole purpose is console-quality multiplayer games to the web and mobile platforms.
David Jones is with this studio. He was the founder of DMA Designs.
Wasn't he a monkey?
Well, it's now Rockstar North.
He created Lemmings and the original 2D Grand Theft Auto.
Stieg Hedlund, who was the lead designer in the first two entries for Diablo.
Chronoblade is the game that they've put together.
Which, if you actually look at some of the screenshots, I'm like, that does kind of look like Diablo.
But more of like a, I don't know, not like that same type of perspective.
It looks a little more, I don't want to say hack and slash, because that is kind of Diablo.
But you see, it looks like there's the red orb and the blue orb.
And, you know, there is definitely, I mean, I look at this and I go, oh, this is like an Xbox Live arcade game, right?
Nope. Apparently it is something that is on Facebook.
They're calling it an arcade-style brawler.
And it apparently is going to be very similar to Diablo.
Chronoblade exists in a series of parallel worlds that will band together to fight against a common foe.
So, I'm assuming this means maybe the parallel universes is how you interact with your friends?
I don't know, but they also say this is a way to have like a Viking-themed world and steampunk world and kind of cross all these areas together.
So that's pretty cool.
And it's going to be completely free to play and there is a beta sign-up website if you want to check that out.
If, you know, maybe this will be the Facebook game that it will be okay to like.
Who knows?
There you go.
Would you play a game like that even though it's on Facebook?
Loki?
No.
No? Alright, fair enough.
I just know a Facebook game.
Yeah, I hear you.
1877 Game OLR. Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call.
And we'll take your calls here on the show for a few minutes here.
And whatever you want to talk about tonight.
If you want us to watch more scenes from the wizard, we can do that too.
Just let us know. I'll queue it up.
That sounds so fun.
Alright.
I'm ready for each caller tonight. I will play a new scene from the wizard.
Alright.
Loki, do you have any last minute news stories while we wait for those calls to come in?
Again, that's OrangeLoungeRadio all one word on Skype or 1877 Game OLR.
Apparently there is a company, Team Pixel.
They're an independent company.
They are crowdfunding to buy THQ's Homeworld IP.
Apparently they are trying to raise, I guess, $50,000 by February 7th in order to acquire the property to make another Homeworld game.
Let's go to the phones. We have a call coming in.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Oh, it is me. One named Jason.
Hey, Jason. Long time no see. How are you?
Yes, a terribly long time.
I know, but you're back in Colorado now.
I am back in Colorado after a seven hour train delay that got me in town at one o'clock in the morning and was kind of garbage by the end of it.
But, you know, train problems.
And now that you're back in Colorado, how was it to hear me bitch about one inch of snow ruining my day?
I chuckled, but I also kind of, I know exactly how you feel because when I first went out to California in March, St. Patrick's Day weekend,
it was snowing over the Sierra Nevada and the bus that I was on had to throw on chains or some other, you know, whatever vehicle that size has to use
and go like 25 miles an hour over Donner Pass and that whole bus ride was just garbage.
Well, thank you, Jason. You're a true friend, making the listeners understand my pain. So what did you really want to call in to talk about tonight?
Just kind of an idle thought when I was listening to you talk about your trip to Reno.
A coworker mentioned something to me a couple of months ago, something along those lines.
And he said that it was a sad day when he realized that audio, musical hardware companies produce things predominantly for churches and broadcast
and not like musicians and clubs and studios or anything like that.
And so he started to get to explaining how as churches crop up and start having recordings
and even if you know of churches that broadcast on the local stations over the air in the area.
And I had thought about a church that I used to go to when I was really young
and I remember being in the production studio and seeing all of those screens, this gigantic mixer,
all of the audio coming out of these ridiculously powerful speakers for recording an orchestra, the preacher and whatever else that they have going on.
I could see that. There's a lot of television around the church program and so forth and I always associate church in my mind.
The church I went to when I was younger was a very small place and the whole freaking place could probably hold maybe 80 people.
So there was nothing like what you're talking about. But I know there's other churches like you get these mega churches that are like, you know, that it's like going to a rock concert.
You know what they call my church? When I lived in Alabama, six flags over Jesus.
Seriously, go to Google Maps and look up Dauphinway Baptist Church.
Oh, I know. Texas has some just like some churches buy arenas. They are that big.
We built an arena.
So, yeah, no, I told like now that you're saying this, I'm like, yeah, that makes sense.
And it is kind of an interesting parallel to and I'm assuming that's the parallel you were making, too, is that a lot of stuff that maybe we get in gaming might have been developed for, you know, lounge gaming or whatever you want to call it, casino gaming.
Yeah, absolutely. And you already you already laid all of it out when you were talking about it, because, sure, the DS is a tiny screen and has two screen depth 3D.
But you were just talking about and I saw the picture to a four screen. I don't know how big was that? Would you say one hundred fifty inch screen?
Oh, that is gigantic. Yeah. I mean, it had enough space so that you had, I think, for you saw Alan posted on Facebook.
Right. It had like room for at least, I think, six people to sit. Yeah.
And, you know, that was one edge of the screen to the other. And they're like those fancy chairs that, you know, vibrate like you feel the bass in your ass.
If you hit the jackpot. I mean, that's got to be one fun chair to sit in when you get a jackpot.
It's a Sex and the City game, for fuck's sake. And that only makes it even better.
That explains everything.
That is. Oh, my God. That was the part that blew me away. I'm like.
This game is orgasmic.
Really? This? Like, Deal or No Deal? I get that. Wheel of Fortune? I get that. Sex and the City? What?
But, you know, there's a lot of little old ladies that love Sex and the City and they love Reno. So, I guess it does make sense.
And a lot of people, I remember CES both this and last year, I believe, that people, they scoff about the 100-inch TVs and the, you know, the life-size TVs and everything else like that.
It's like, oh, yeah, Bill Gates is going to have three of these in his house. I have, the Red Robin closest to me has an 80-inch TV in one of the dining areas.
And it's mighty impressive to look at. But it's, there's certainly application for all of this stuff that you wouldn't imagine would be the result after seeing it shown off and the fact that they really do advertise it to everybody.
And the best and most rich people pick them up.
Like, essentially, rich companies, rather.
Very good point is that we often forget about the many commercial uses of this stuff. You know, there is a very large football game occurring next week that people are going to want to, you know, go to a bar together and watch.
And I hope that bar has one of these 100-screen TVs if they want to fit a lot of people in there and they can all get a good view of the game, you know?
One very small related note that I figured I would talk about.
Sure.
I read something a while ago about, like, corporate parties and big conventions, notably, like, for example, oh, I don't know, the Democratic and Republican national conventions.
The rentals for these kind of items don't really exist, so they buy up these huge gobs of resources, of digital resources.
And I've even heard stories about, oh, crap, what were they called? Segways. There we go.
And they sell that stuff off to recoup as much cost as possible dirt cheap.
So if you know anybody that puts together some kind of a party where they have to buy up expensive items, keep talking to them after it wraps up because there's probably a good chance you'll get some serious deals on things.
If you live in a swing state that's likely to host one of these conventions in 2016, check Craigslist the next day. That's what you're saying?
I don't know. I'm pretty sure there's a lot of legislation that tries to go along Craigslist, but you never know. Maybe a staffer got their hands on something and, oh, sure, I'll buy it and throw it in the till. I mean, it could happen.
Trust me, you never know. The Democratic and Republican parties aren't technically a part of the government. They're their own independent things.
And trust me, as somebody who used to date a politician, I used this word earlier and got yelled at for it, but I'm going to use it here. It's very interesting to see how all that works.
Anyhow, that's all I'll say. I gotta ask you this before I let you go. What is this I'm seeing in chat? You still to this day have not seen The Wizard?
You know, I was wondering who was going to bring it up, but I didn't think it would be during this call.
Surprise!
The first answer is that me and movies, oh, that looks interesting and it's not in theaters anymore. Oh, that looks interesting and it's not in theaters anymore.
I really enjoy movies and I really don't see very many of them. It's very strange. But I didn't even see, not Captain N, oh, the Mario Brothers Super Show. I didn't watch that until Ryan made me watch it like two years ago.
Somehow I missed that in my youth and plenty of other of these fun little gaming things that everybody knows about, except for me.
Well, all I have to say is you better set aside 90 minutes next time you're in the Bay Area.
I don't have a problem with that.
All right. All right, buddy, I'm going to let you go try and get another call in, all right? Have a good one.
Thanks, YouTube.
All right, bye.
Very interesting, you know, that sometimes there's these uses for things that we don't always think about. That's a very interesting, like the music, DJ stuff, churches are a big business for that.
Who would have thought of that?
I always remembered we actually had a really, again, this was at the mega church that I went to. God, thank God I'm not around that anymore.
But they had a whole full AV set up with like something, I want to say, like five different sound panels, spotlights, you name it, and an orchestra pit. I'm not joking.
Wow. Good. Big stuff. All right, we got another call coming in, so let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio. Who's this?
It's Jim Sully. Woo!
Hey, buddy, how you doing?
Dude, Rob.
Me?
You got an inch of snow and you're going to put chains on your tires? Come on.
I checked the-
For an inch of snow?
Google I-80 chain controls. This is public information. Google it from last night. I swear to God. I don't make the rules, the Highway Patrol or Caltrans or whoever does.
I think it's, well, I would say I think it's silly, but at the same time, driving home, we saw two accidents.
And there wasn't even really snow on the road, but there was still a little bit of ice and the residue snow.
And we saw about like six dude bros in a Suzuki crash their car, airbags deployed and everything and scary stuff.
An inch of snow or not, it's how it kind of fucks with those roads.
And again, I want to remind you guys, you're going downhill for a big part of that. Once you cross Donner Summit, you're going downhill.
I don't, I barely step on the gas driving home.
Listen, Rob, two days ago I got seven inches of snow.
And it was, I'm not kidding you, it was minus 40 Celsius, which is like, I think minus 45 Fahrenheit. Yeah.
The cars wouldn't start, Rob. The cars would not start.
Wait, where in Canada do you live again?
I'm Elk Lake, so I am like, do you know where Detroit is? I know where Detroit is. I'm 10 hours north of Buffalo.
Oh my God. Wow. This is where I live, buddy. 10 hours north of Buffalo.
10 hours north of Buffalo.
Wow. Oh yeah, I see this huge, huge lake in Canada. So you live by this big lake?
Well, it's the Montreal River. I live, the Montreal River goes right through my backyard.
I'm 100 feet from ice fishing right now, pickerel, buddy. I got seven this morning.
But listen, listen, forget about this. You were talking before, too, about the craziest place that people have listened to Orange Lounge Radio.
Dude, like six years ago, I guess. Like, yeah, about six. I think you guys were on, you guys were on the old place.
And I started listening to you guys. And then I worked at this sausage factory called Schneider's.
And I was an elevator operator. I just moved the elevator up and down five floors with meat on it. That was my job all day.
And then Sunday nights when I could get away, I'd go to the top of the elevator where the little motor is and stuff.
And I actually had an ethernet cord that I pulled through from the third floor, up the fourth floor, up the fifth floor into this room in an old, old 386 or Pentium II.
It was an old computer, but I could just barely run fucking Winamp on it. And I would listen to OLR for the last three hours of my shift.
Oh my god. We were in some empty-ass elevator in the middle of Canada. That with an ethernet...
At the top of a sausage factory. At least it was the top of a sausage factory, right?
Wow.
And that was it. That was my job every Sunday night. Because there was nothing to do Sunday nights. The other shift would end at seven.
But I would get paid to stay there till midnight because someone's gonna be on the elevator. Like, do the fucking union jobs, right?
Oh my god. Talking about the long ethernet cable that makes me think of the year.
Do you remember when we did the live DDR tournament in San Francisco? B3 or whatever it was called? At Pier 39.
We actually broadcast from Pier 39. It's one of our more, like, if we were to make a resume, like the Orange Mountains Radio & Resume, that would be on there.
Because, you know, Pier 39 is a big touristy spot. And we had to run. Do we have to go to Radio Shack and buy, like, a 100-foot cable?
I think so.
To run it? To where?
Yeah, that's what I had to do too. I had to steal one from the IT department.
Oh my god.
One for a cable or a spool. I had to go to maintenance and get, like, this drill. Dude, the drill bit on this drill that the maintenance guy gave me was sick.
It was, like, two and a half feet long with a big brick bit on it. And I was like, well, where can I drill it?
But now how does it feel?
Anywhere you want. Don't hit a wire.
How do you feel knowing now, like, six years later? Like, no problem. Just bring up the iPhone and, well, then I don't know.
Oh, I know, right?
I don't know what kind of coverage you have up there, but, I mean, even if on three...
Well, excellent coverage.
Oh, then you can...
We have DSL. We have the same DSL that I had when I lived down south, but there's 500 people in my town, so it never slows down.
Oh my gosh.
Like, there's no tweeners. There's... If you go to the elementary school, there's 12 kids, I think, from the ages of 10 to 16 in the entire town.
Oh, boy oh boy.
It's so... I know, eh? It's a different life.
Jim, you've thrown the gauntlet, and I love what SSJ100 Matt is suggesting in chat. We should have this topic as a FUGL question.
Strangest place you've listened to OLR.
That's a hell of a way to...
Good luck, people.
Yeah, it's... I'm curious to know this.
Who's gonna be the top of an elevator at a sausage factory?
I don't know.
With a hundred foot of Ethernet cord going downstairs to a manager's office that I had to break into.
I had to break into a manager's office and install a router so that I could take the cord out of the back of his computer and stick it in the little router bridge thing.
Look, you know what I'm talking about.
And then you have to stick the other cord in because you can't just stick the two cords together.
No, no, no.
Could have a little router thing in the middle.
You're hardcore, Jim.
Oh my god.
I was hardcore. Don't take this the wrong way. I was desperate to listen to anything besides, like, Canadian radio.
I didn't want to listen to anywhere Canadian radio.
And ever since then, Rob, I've been in love with you, man.
Was it all Alanis and Rush?
Well, shucks.
Every time I think about packing sausage, Rob, I think of you.
Well, the only sausage factory I think of is a place in the Castro.
And it's not what you think. It's actually an Italian restaurant.
But it's funny because when you talk about the sausage factory, I'm like, oh, it's a yummy restaurant in the Castro.
The Castro is, like, the gayest part of San Francisco.
Yes. But anyway.
Well, Jim, I'm going to let you go. Before I let you go, I'm just going to say, in my defense about the whole, like, one inch of snow thing,
come to my neck of the woods sometimes and get through 105 degrees summer.
Oh, I'm looking for two plane tickets now. I can use it.
You'll melt. All right. Jim, buddy, have a good one. And thanks for the story. That was great.
You too, guys. Everyone be safe, okay?
All right. Bye.
Don't forget. Don't forget, okay? This is winter driving safety tip, okay?
Okay.
If you're going up a hill and your tires start to spin, you're giving it too much gas or not enough.
What a helpful tip.
And he hung up on that. You jerk.
Where did you find that?
No, very important Allen question. Where did you find that?
It was on the nice leather recliner, but under a Snuggie.
Snuggie was hiding it.
We couldn't find the fourth microphone for Allen tonight. Apparently, it was under a Snuggie.
Who knew? Speaking of cold.
Yes, how many Snuggies do you have to wear for minus 40?
Is that, like, five layers of Snuggie?
I don't know. I think your body just gets used to it at some point, you know?
Yes, it gets used to it when you're dead.
Stop it. All right, let's go to the phones. We have another call coming in. Hi, you're on Orange Lawn's Radio. Who's this?
Hey, hey, hey. It's Ronma.
Hey, hey, hey. What's up, Ronma?
Hey, not much. I'm in a bit of a pissy mood. I want to vent.
Well, please. When I think of where do I want to vent, I think of Orange Lawn's Radio. Please, by all means, the stage is yours.
Well, every morning, part of my normal routine, I read the paper. I get to a certain point in the paper. I put it down and go about my business.
So, I'm reading the editorials like I usually do. Did I see something here in the paper? I swear to you, I have never seen before.
I have a bad feeling I know where this is going. Go for it.
Oh, you! Coming off of what we explored on our podcast last week. Oh.
Yeah, the title goes, Put the Blame on Video Games. Never in the entire moment I wanted to punch a window so badly in my life.
There are people out there that think this way. This is a shocking reality, and it is infuriating that people could be so ignorant.
What was the gist of the argument, or did you even get that far?
It was only two paragraphs from two different people. That's all it was. It's just one person.
Now, what is local? They're pretty much just saying the biggest reason for gun violence is the violence associated with video games.
They are a breeding ground for future murderers. It is too easy to sit in front of a video game and shoot animated figures on the screen.
There is no moral responsibility for the characters you shoot up. There is no pain when your character is killed or wounded.
It is all done knowing that the only thing you have to do is reload the game to get a new life.
Okay, now, if all the violence I've done through video games, and that means when I see someone trying to shoot my ass, I should see them sitting there with an Xbox 360 controller trying to target and auto-aim.
A breeding ground for future murderers. Well, Dark Sakura, you know, since you're job hunting again, you could be a murderer. That could be your new career.
Contract killer?
Yes. I mean, because you play video games, clearly. What did you say you've been playing this week? Mass Effect and Bomberman mixed with Pac-Man? Well, shit.
You're a terrorist. Bomberman.
Oh boy, yeah, you bomb things.
Except if I was actually gonna be a contract killer, I'd use, like, blades and poisons, so that doesn't work for me. Not my style, sorry.
Well, you're gonna have to play more Thief and Assassin's Creed.
Nope. The only thing video games taught me how to do is throw balloons at people.
Because, you know, we don't know right from wrong.
And I can't do magic, so clearly, you know, WoW hasn't helped me.
Because gamers, gaming, Rama has some, you know, obviously I'm not saying this at you, but the person who wrote that.
Gamers, obviously, we don't know how to tell the difference between the real world and our digital world.
You know, just like movies are real. All movies are documentaries. The Blair Witch Project, totally true. Right?
Wow. Yeah.
It was a horror film, that's for sure.
But, Rob, the thing that really pissed me off the most about this is that something like this you would expect in the New York Post, or as I like to call it, the Republican News Daily.
This came out of the Daily News, the leftist paper that I read.
Guess what? Leland Yee is a Democrat. Idiocy does not know Republican and Democrat balance. There are idiots on both sides. That's another harsh reality.
Idiocy is non-partisan.
Yeah, idiocy is non-partisan. And there are people that are way too extreme in their thinking on both sides. That's reality.
You know, after the initial shock event, I realized, you know, this is why I'm in the middle. I hear what both sides have to say before I make my decision.
That's the way I look at it. Because this is just, no.
Yep.
Maybe there should be, like, I know we always talk about third party. There needs to be a third party in this country.
Well, let's start somewhere with, like, you know, just, like, not being so naive when it comes to media.
I like what SSJ100Mass said. I was a white mage in Final Fantasy XI. I guess that gives me the credentials to perform surgery.
Absolutely. Curata.
I'm really good at, um, crap, what's that surgery game now?
Trauma.
Trauma Center.
You know, I should be a weatherman because I was a black mage in Final Fantasy XI, so, you know, it's gonna rain. Bolt 3, motherfucker.
That's exactly what I'm talking about.
Well, Rama, thank you for making us all angry. Thank you for sharing in your pain with all of us here and the listeners. We really appreciate it. Anything else you want to, uh...
IkumaJP makes a good statement. White mage doesn't perform surgery, they just pray.
Heal, please. Prop, please.
Alright, uh, Rama, anything else you want to share with the listeners before I let you go tonight?
Yes, listen to this week's episode of Anime Jam Session. We go over two hours. We post, we added a special rant because some dipshit decided to post their rules for cosplay.
Oh, I remember reading that, bitch.
Oh, no.
Yes, yes, because of me going nuts and a bunch of other people, she took the post down and locked, and she deleted her like page.
But it's still archived, because once it's on the internet, it's there forever, and people have reposted the archive.
Rama, this is for this week's episode of Anime Jam Session. I'll let you borrow this, okay?
You know what else pissed me off in the cosplay world this week? And this was all over Tumblr. But there was this girl at a convention, and I don't remember which one, sorry.
Oh, I remember reading about that. There are people that I associate with that are friends with her.
No, wait, what happened? What happened?
I didn't even say who it was. It's like you read my mind. Okay, it was the girl in the TARDIS dress.
Oh, yeah, she was...
And she opened up the bottom part.
She was awesome!
It was awesome! Like, how fucking clever is that, right?
And then, so there's this screen grab on Tumblr of her, and then all these Facebook comments. She's fat. I guess it really is bigger on the inside. All this other, like, just really...

Yeah, garbage is the only way to say it. And I'm like, I thought she was hot, to be honest.

I'd like to see those assholes cosplay and pull off something that clever.

And I bet...
I'm not sure what the thing is. That argument's been going on in the cosplay world for years, because there are actual photographers that refuse to take pictures of people that are plus size.
Oh, my God.
And when, like, they don't exist, drama.
I show them my photos. I'm like, you see these plus-sized cosplayers? They're doing some remarkable, a remarkable job in what they do. I'd like to see someone skinny pull that off. Just saying.
Tigerclaw in chat says, Travis talked about this last night on Understation Live. I was in Reno. That's my excuse. I'm waiting for the podcast before I hear, but I will, I'm sure they covered it very well, so I will tip my hat and mention Understation Live this week.
Hopefully they get the podcast updated soon, because I would like to, I would love to hear those guys rant on the TARDIS thing, because that was, I, she was, I thought she was a great looking gal and very clever.
Yes. Yes, it was. It was phenomenal. Simple as that.
I want to wear that dress for, like, a wedding.
I would wear that dress. Shit. All right. Rama, I gotta let you go, all right?
Oh, you got it, bro.
All right. Take care, buddy. Later.
All right. Thank you guys so much for the calls. I do have to wrap up. I'm going to close up the Skypline for tonight. If you did not get through, though, I always say please write down your thoughts, send an email, make Jamie work.
Mailbag at orangeontrader.com. Or Twitter. I gotta get to Twitter topics as well. Loki, did you have last minute stories before I get to the tweets?
There's just a couple tonight.
There were layoffs over at Superbot. Thanks.

Yeah, Sony confirmed that, so that kind of sucks. They didn't say how many, though.
All right. Let's see. Just a couple quick tweets here. And actually, let me, I'm sorry, guys. I'm going to pull this up. Live radio. It's a blast. I'm pulling this up on the show computer because I couldn't find my iPad because I think it's still in the luggage.
So, I'm bringing up the show computer tweets real quick.
There were two, and the first one was from, here we go, Tigerclaw. Disney is prepared to look at game violence because, you know, there is that call on the industry. Are games to violence? Well, Disney.
You know, when I think who's putting out the most violent video games in existence right now, I go, oh, shit, it's Disney. You know, right?
But to be fair, Disney, you know, they stuck their big toe in the water with the more serious gaming with the whole split second, but then again, they closed that studios. I don't know.
The only violent game I can think of that they published was Turok.
Well, Robert Iger said, quote, at Disney, there's very little violent content, but I still want to make sure we're asking ourselves the right questions in term of that standard and also ensure we're willing to be a part of a dialogue in today's world that I think is pretty necessary in terms of what our role is and what our role should be.
You know, I got to be honest. I wouldn't read too much into that. I think he's just saying the right answer.
You know, because at the video game industry, you don't really want to poo poo it. I think it was smart that all those guys went to go meet with Biden when he asked the video game companies to meet with him because it's like, if you don't sit there and represent yourself, somebody else will do it for you and it's probably not the person you want representing yourself.
So, I think it's nice that Disney said this, but it's kind of the expected answer, I think.
One more tweet here from SSJ100Matt who tweeted us, new age of gaming classifieds. A group has started on Facebook for people looking to buy, sell, rent arcade machines.
Really? Arcade Exchange, a Facebook community for buying and selling the classics. Maybe you can find one of these for Pinball Dark Sakura.
It is listed as a page created to help bring together the hundreds of collectors and enthusiasts from around the world into one place.
It's through Facebook, but it allows members to post their for sale or wanted ads just for arcade machines and their related parts.
That's kind of rad. I'm going to look at the Facebook community myself right now.
Facebook.com slash Arcade Exchange, all one word. Oh yeah. Ooh, a Killer Instinct PCB, HD and Marquee. It doesn't boot up, but it's 75 bucks.
That's just, that's like literally just the little board, not even the machine or anything. That's still kind of neat though.
A Pump It Up Fiesta 2010 upgrade kit for $400. Oh look, pinball machines. There's a Terminator 2, Roadshow, Revenge from Mars.
That's pretty cool. I wouldn't mind the Revenge from Mars. Revenge from Mars, 1800 bucks. Yeah, that one's going to be expensive.
Huh. That's neat. Thanks for that link. That's a great one. Maybe get rid of my stuff.
Uh, one more tweet from Ross Steel UT coming in here at the last minute. I'll read this. Can gaming get outside of the man cave?
The reaction to people speaking against the Dead Island statue suggests we're still stuck in.
I'm not sure I'm following the logic on that. Wouldn't people speaking out against the Dead Island statue be a good thing?
Because that was pretty irresponsible. And it was not, it was just, it was, it's just in bad taste. That whole thing was just in bad taste.
But am I, am I thinking that maybe the statue itself suggests that we're still stuck in? You need to send an email, Sarah. I want to, I would love to hear your thoughts. Elaborated.
Nailbag at orange lounge radio.com. Um, more, uh, last minute stories tonight. Loki. No, no, I guess that's it then. That's it. Yeah.
We're wrapping up the show. It's about that time anyway. Uh, we're going to go around and get last minute thoughts in a minute here and final thoughts and all that.
But, uh, first I want to say thank you very much for downloading our show tonight. Thank you for tuning into orange lounge radio and supporting independent podcasting.
Um, you know, if you like the show, please tell a friend or two, uh, about the show, help spread the word. That's all we ask. Leave a nice review on a website somewhere like five star review on iTunes always helps all that good stuff.
Um, just help spread the word. That's all we ask. So, all right, let's, uh, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts for the night and we'll start with Loki. Your final thoughts tonight.
I almost bought another game for steam. Um, it's addicting. Well, it has max pain, max pain threes down the 14 bucks and I mean that's a $60 game right there. So there you go.
Um, I may do that cause I wanted to see how the multiplayer combat games for rockstar have gotten since, uh, granted thought of, uh, dark soccer. Your final thought tonight.
And my final thought tonight is it's time for more Nino Cooney. Thank you everybody very much for listening to the show tonight. We'll be back to do it again next week. I think, uh, stay tuned to our Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R, but one way or another, for those of you that celebrate it, enjoy the football game on Sunday.
And for those of you that don't enjoy the empty shopping malls and all the other things that there will be to do next Sunday. Have a great week or museums as the case may be. Right?
Yes, that's right. I'm going to the Crocker Museum to see a Norman Rockwell exhibit.
Sounds like fun. All right. Have a great night everybody. We'll see you next time. And next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios. To join us for a live show, tune into vog network.com Sunday nights at 6 PM Pacific, 9 PM Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true. See you next week.
Music
