According to their studio founder, Larian Studios is done with Baldur's Gate, the entire series.
No Baldur's Gate 4, no Baldur's Gate 3 expansions, fully done.
What might happen in 10 years?
Sven has a change of heart, private equity buys Larian Studios and revives it under someone else's direction?
Or a spiritual successor made from an ex-studio employee?
This is the time as a flat circle intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Somerson, Loki, to tell you more about this and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now in the show, where every gamer has a voice.
Hello, my friends out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio back live once again with episode number 997 of our show for tonight, March 24th, 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts.
I'm here with you every week, joined by my co-hosts over there in that corner.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Greetings and salivations.
How are you doing this fine Sunday evening?
Sleepier.
Yeah, I just like, I didn't sleep enough.
I was playing video games.
And it's been kind of a busy time.
You know, I remember when that was the thing.
That was the line I used when I was 18.
And you're how old now, Miss Sakura?
Your business.
And my birthday is not even yet.
So.
It's coming up, though.
Coming up, though.
The week after we hit 1000 episodes, believe it or not.
And it will be hopefully quite the gathering.
I would love for all of my friends to come celebrate with me.
All right.
Well, let's.
It's online.
You can all come play with me.
Uh, I'll, I'll be there, but after work, cause unfortunately, uh, I can't use that as an excuse to get out of work, but we'll see.
All right.
Uh, but also- I don't know, my birthday is a holiday.
You should just be like, it's DarkSakura's birthday.
I have the day off.
It's a holiday in my religion.
Well, I don't know.
I don't know if my, my, uh, my boss observes that, but we'll see.
All right.
Anyway, uh, say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hey, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Yeah.
Uh, is your birthday gonna be a holiday too?
I mean, it always is.
Kind of.
Memorial.
I just realized like after those words left my mouth, I was like, actually, that might be a really bad joke.
No, no, they don't.
They don't make it a holiday.
Unfortunately, it's just a memorial.
Everyone gets depressed on your birthday.
Everyone gets depressed on your birthday.
Yeah.
So well, hopefully that can bring you a little bit of joy in six months.
You still got some time, though.
You still got a little bit of time.
So yeah.
All right.
I see the game playing behind you tonight.
I don't.
Is it like Wave Race on?
No, it can't be Wave Race because it looks like PS2.
Wave Race.
I don't know.
What is it?
That's not what that is.
Like Jet Moto or something.
It looks like Wave Race.
It is like Jet Moto.
It's Jet Moto 2, actually.
Aha!
I never really played those games to be honest.
Do not step to my knowledge, Rob.
It was great.
I've never played this game in my life.
They needed to bring it back because it was a really fun racing series.
It was like flying jet skis, basically.
Rocket jet skis.
Yeah, it's jet skis that don't really go on water.
They're on land.
That doesn't make any sense.
They do sometimes.
Yeah, they can go on water, but they can also hover on land.
That's like the duck boat in Seattle.
Anyway.
Alright, let's get into some of the gaming news for the week.
And yeah, we're gonna start off with this is something that's kind of been going around the entire industry this week.
Loki, I don't know if you want to do this or you want me to do it.
This story.
I'm not very familiar with this, but sure.
No, I can.
Okay, I can read it.
Go for it.
The Kotaku editor-in-chief has exited the company due to the parent company's new guide directive.
So Jen Glennon has resigned after five months in her role.
And apparently this is due to a new editorial direction from GeoMedia.
I wonder what that direction is.
Basically, it says, I firmly believe that the decision to invert Kotaku's editorial strategy to deprioritize news in favor of guides is fundamentally misguided given its current infrastructure of the site.
This decision is directly contradicted by months of traffic data and shows an astonishing disregard for the livelihoods of the remaining writers and editors who work for Kotaku.
Uh, yeah, they'll just get AI to do it.
It's fine.
I mean, well, but it's going to be a little hard for AI to write guides for games that just came out because there's nothing for the AI to steal for.
I mean, learn from.
Yeah, absolutely.
There's stuff that for them to steal from, like all the other guides out there, they'll just rip from them.
But yeah, it's annoying.
So you mean guides for older games where the content does exist, not guides for newer games?
or Listicles and that kind of nonsense.
You know, they do this all the time.
Um, you know, it's, hey, hey.
How well does this work for others?
I mean, they feel it's a success, the new, the parent company.
Um, they're probably looking to drive engagement to these articles, Evergreen or something like that.
Um, I don't know.
I don't go to Kotaku for guides.
That's for sure.
So strike one right there, I guess.
I mean, I don't,
This is an industry wide issue.
This is weird because, you know, when you look at it for what face value is, do guides get a lot of hits?
Yes, they do.
Have I used guides?
Yeah, of course.
Like, you know, I can't think of how many times I've been out there and I've Googled, you know, I'm out there playing Pokemon Go and I don't know Pokemon as well as a Shane or even like a Mike Deft or somebody in our chat that plays Pokemon all the time.
and so on.
one of the first things on there but like some of these guides are just kind of dumb like they're not guides they're just it's it's it's call it a guide would be well just very disingenuous it's it's it's a listicle is what it is or it's nine things you it's something no one would type into google
Really?
Like, I'm not gonna type in 9 things to know before starting Rise of the Ronin, or 18 things to know before starting Dragon's Dogma 2, or how about Final Fantasy VII's Rebirth, best materia for dealing magic damage, like... What should I do before starting Dragon Dogmas 2?
That's... that's what they're typing.
refund your game done there you go that's what you do okay because it's trash fifth dream points out the reader view that's a really good point uh it doesn't always work but you're right i should remember it for some of those sites uh that tend to have you know just loaded up with all the garbage
And over in our chat, of course, again, I should mention, we do tape live, of course, every Sunday night, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific at The Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
And Bobby's actually in our chat saying, nobody goes to Kotaku for guides, but they go to Google for guides, and Kotaku wants to be on the top of the Google search results.
Therein is the problem.
Look, I understand a little bit superficially anyway, the superficial layer of guides are always going to get hits because people are going to start games late or the game is going to have life forever like a Pokemon game would.
People are new to those games every day or a Zelda or a lot of Nintendo properties, people are visiting those games for the first time every day.
So those guides are going to have a long life.
So at a superficial level, I understand.
DarkSakura
We want to be at the top of the Google search results.
I did What to Know, Dragon's Dogma 2.
And the first thing I get is I get multiple posts on Dragon's Dogma.
They've got RPG forums or RPG Watch, several YouTube videos, IGN.
more youtube videos, pc games n, kotaku is like way down in there, and gamespot they're all doing this so like if they're all do all of these companies are doing this you're not unique in this this thing and and these guides if you will are always those
The slideshow articles, you know what I'm talking about where it's like it's a list and it's a slideshow that you have to click through the list and then there's a ton of ads thrown in there.
It is the same trash that is literally all over the internet and a lot of it nowadays is AI generated so you know that if that's what they're looking for and they need editors to do it
DarkSakura
I mean, probably YouTube will do it better anyways.
That's the whole thing I was gonna say is that, you know, for as much as we're talking about this particular website, it is the exact same thing over on YouTube.
It is the exact same thing over on YouTube.
And it right on down to the stuff that tends to get a lot of hits on YouTube are the evergreen guide type questions.
And then of course, you get a video that shows you how to do it after
four or five minutes of all of this setup and background where they tell you the background everything and why are they doing that they're trying to increase increase the watch minutes because that's a stat that goes into advertising you know revenue eligibility and all this stuff on YouTube that's why a question that could be answered in fucking 30 seconds is a 10 minute video on YouTube and people do this all the time and it's the and it's the exact same thing those videos tend to get more hits because people that's what people are searching on YouTube and so forth um
But what's interesting is that look at what's successful on YouTube in the non-evergreen space.
You create a sense of, well, there's kind of two things.
Shock content or, you know, unfortunately things that are extreme viewpoints, which is a whole other issue and stuff that creates a sense of brand loyalty, basically.
And I,
I am sad to hear that Kotaku and a lot of other websites out there have no interest in kind of creating that sort of brand loyalty anymore through well-written, well-researched articles and so forth.
But this is such a complicated issue because as much as I sit here and go, that's a very valuable thing to have, I also completely realize that the social media world we live in has ruined a lot of that.
no more is there a website to do an article about this news event that happened when somebody's tweeting about it in 200 characters or less or whatever social media you use Facebook same thing even fucking your tick tock and Instagram all of it like it's have hmm
I have a really tangible example of how just the mindset of the masses has turned when it comes to reading or news or any sort of delivery of information.
And that's look at old Apple computer ads.
How they were all, they showed you the product.
It had, you know, the nice big logo and several paragraphs of information about the thing they were advertising.
All set in Adobe Garamond Pro.
Now look at your ads.
Big picture, one word.
You know, look at your ads, you know, you would get so much information, you know, like call this number, do this thing, blah, blah, blah.
And now it's just like face QR code.
You know, I mean, I really I really did like how informative those iPod commercials were with the people dancing in the chords for their headphones.
I'm not talking about commercials.
I'm talking about print ads.
Who looks at print ads?
And that's a whole other problem, right?
Well, that's the thing is, web apps technically count as a print ad.
It's roughly the same equivalent just in digital form.
It is a solitary, stationary thing.
But it goes back into, you know, there was so much text and so much information to look at.
And now it's, here's your big ad.
It has to catch your attention within a second.
Ask to get the point across.
And I honestly think, and we went over some of this when I was in graphic design school, that there is a change in psychology where the mind today is processing information at a so much faster speed because we've been acclimatized to it.
And that's now what media is catering to, is that fast, bite-sized, digestible piece of information.
You know, how much information can we convey, you know, without you having to read several paragraphs worth of stuff?
And on top of that, too, we're having people, you know, forgetting entire methods of writing.
The same thing that's happening in Japan with writing kanji.
People were just letting their text autofill.
We're doing a lot of the same here.
But going back to it, you know, people are typing and they're forgetting skills in writing.
People are losing ability to think critically if the information is presented to them in a quick and easy and makes sense format.
They don't fact check.
They don't know if there's anything to substantiate it.
Which is, I'd say, 90% of Twitter these days.
But a lot of it, every, and Bobby is correct that it wasn't just Apple, but I'm saying in general, those are the ones you can probably find the easiest examples of, or that might stick out in the memory a little bit more for people.
But we are...
We are given the information that people want us to think at the right time.
And that's, I think, where the danger lies.
I think that... I mean, I'm going to sound like, you know, the old guy on the lawn shaking his cane to get off the lawn and yelling at clouds, but... What did clouds do to you?
Evil said it.
People would rather follow the opinions of those they think are popular than form their own because we don't want to think.
We are now conditioned not to think.
We're conditioned to take the information at a glance and if it's inconvenient, boohoo.
and algorithms are just playing into all of that.
All of that, what you just said, which in my opinion, you know, and I've I've said this for a while, is what makes Twitter so damn dangerous.
And I would love nothing more than to see that site go down tomorrow permanently.
But, you know, I realize some people are just going to say, oh, you're just a hater, robber or whatever.
It's just I I don't know.
I don't think a lot of that, like nothing would make me happier than for Twitter to be gone tomorrow.
Nothing would make me happier.
And honestly, I think some of these sorts of trends about, you know, we're because we're sitting here talking about this.
And really, like, this is one of the few times where I'm just sitting here going, yeah, it sucks.
I don't know what we can do about it.
This was going to be a colossal shift in how we seek out information and how we parse information for this situation to change.
I just don't see how how this changes and this sucks because I feel like is it the right call for Kotaku to make money?
Maybe.
I don't know.
I'm not in finance, but I can see superficially that, yeah, it probably leans into them getting more hits and influencing Google search results.
Is it ethically the right thing to do for them to have hired these writers that wanted to come in and work for a gaming website that everybody knew about?
And is it ethically the right thing?
Absolutely not.
And that sucks.
and props to the editor-in-chief for doing what they did.
Who cares about ethics when there's money?
Bingo.
Bingo.
Right.
But I'm, you know, I'm also starting to see, this is a semi-prediction.
It may or may not happen.
And I think we're going to start seeing a new trend in labor laws that are going to try to help preserve jobs for the human element.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
that, you know, like so and such percent of the workforce must be be human and not AI and must be able to fill these functions and then work hours, et cetera.
They're already talking about lowering us to a 32 hour a week thing, which honestly, I don't think would be bad as long as our income stays the same.
But
But it's just, there's another thing too, and this is a little bit of a me thing, is that I've been very interested in going back and finishing my sociology degree and interspacing it with trends on the internet and communities and see how we look at our communities with the same sort of psychological
attachment, that might not be the best word, of going to hang out with your friends in real life, you know what I mean?
It's like, oh, I'm, you know, like, if I say, oh, I'm gonna go hang out my friend stream, I say it like I'm gonna go hang out with my friend, you know?
It's, it's a change in overall psychology with, with how we're wired today.
and Rob, Loki, you know, Bobby, you know, people who are, I would say, like this late Gen X or early, what was that?
Gen Y?
Millennial?
Whatever.
Millennial.
The Xennial crowd.
I'll say the Xennial crowd.
I hate it, but I'm using it.
We all grew up when the first computers were in their infancy.
We're a very unique generation with all of this because we have gone from the days where we saw things explained and things spelled out and we had to research and we had to use a freaking encyclopedia and we had to know how to think critically.
We played outside and we came in and played our Nintendos, you know.
We grew up with all of this as it grew up.
And I think that this puts us in a unique position to understand where that transition was happening and to have seen it change and participated in it.
Makes sense?
Yeah.
And so I think that more than anything, I think that that puts us in exactly the unique position as well as being able to suggest not necessarily how to combat it, but how to
What's the word I'm thinking of?
Lessen the blow.
I can't make my words happen right now.
I'm having a moment.
Well, and not to take this too far to a weird place, but to your point, you know, when you talk about how can change actually happen, we are also probably the most under-represented generation, racially, when you talk about politics, because there's a certain other generation that won't get out of politics.
But the other thing, too, is that we actually have also a very special place in the land of politics because we were new voters right around the era of Rock the Vote.
Remember?
Voter P. Diddy will kill you.
That was a little later, but still, you know.
Or, you know, that pretty much came up with, I'd say, the Clinton election for Bill Clinton.
But the MTV voting campaign.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
But we had a relatively younger candidate who played sax on TV.
I was like, I'm voting for him.
He plays sax.
I play sax.
No, I'm kidding.
But, you know, we had that point where they were realizing much more the value of the younger voter in that by shaping what we did now, we would be setting a precedence for the future.
And I don't really remember seeing the kind of marketing made to younger voters as what I've seen since my late teens and up.
Anyway, you know, yes, I mean, but that's also playing into it is that now we have we have the age behind us.
We we can all run for president if we wanted to.
Most of us, but but this is my point.
We we have the experience behind us and we're still relatively young enough, I think, that we haven't quite lost touch with how the world works.
I mean, some of us have tried to stay in the loop, I'll put it that way.
There are people who are way out of the loop.
But my point remains, we had that perspective that no other generation has.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
A lot of old gaming print ads I've seen from the 80s were text walls with art and no screenshots, but maybe showing off the game box for a bit of spice.
Yeah, absolutely.
And Bobby brings up like an example, a recent example where you can kind of see this now.
Bobby says that's the interesting thing about the Gold Master series stuff, which we've talked about before on this show.
You know, they have the Gold Master, Digital Eclipse, been doing the Gold Master Karateka, and they just released the Jeff Minder one.
I haven't played that yet.
I know Bobby talked about it on his show a little bit, but
In the Gold Master series, they show a lot of the ads of the games from back then, and it's very descriptive.
Part of what I've really enjoyed, at least about the Karateka, and I imagine the Jeff Minter one's very similar, is that it's really an interesting peek behind the curtain
of really how the games went from start to finish at that point.
It's very fascinating.
Look at that stuff.
And I really for those of you that are ever going to ask the question, how did we get here in gaming?
If you're ever going to ask yourself that question, I think this is a really fun trip to take.
And I think Digital Eclipse has done a really good job so far with this series, for sure.
So an Atari 50 is kind of Gold Master Zero, to be honest.
It's you know, that was it was the first sort of
Cut Proof of Concept of that whole thing.
So anyway, yeah, it's, you know, a lot of people kind of reminiscing about you have to wait a break man saying you used to have to wait until six or 11 to find out what was happening in the world, or the next day in the paper.
That is a very
Perceptive sort of look at this versus what happens today, where now it's like immediately on your phone and it's everywhere.
You know, I remember and I think, you know, not to get too weird, but since you brought up the Xeniel generation, I would say probably the news media event that unites us all would have been the Challenger explosion.
when the space shuttle, you know, and because why is that?
Because we were all in grade school when it happened.
Our generation was in grade school when it happened.
So everybody has a sense of where were you when that whole thing happened?
And some, depending on what coast you're at, the East Coasters, I think a lot of them saw it live.
And that was a very shocking thing.
Now for us on the West Coast, that was like a 6 a.m., 6.30 a.m., so not everybody saw it.
So I remember being told- I was in Alabama.
Yeah, did you see it live?
We were watching the launch live.
Wow, see.
I watched that shit live.
Yeah.
And it was funny.
You know how a couple of Fridays ago, I had a fuck it Friday with my ballet friends.
Some of them are younger, of course, and had only heard of it, not actually seen it.
So like, do you want to see what we saw?
Because my other friend had lived in Central Time as well.
So we put it up and watched and they both looked at us and said, how are you not fucked up growing up with that?
I'm like, little do you know.
Well.
Yeah, and then like, well, every generation also kind of had, I would say the generation after us has 9-11 as an example of, you know, that similar sort of thing.
But again, that was really playing out live for a lot of people, right?
So anyway, my point is, when that all happened, being on the West Coast, I had friends who were in the damn building.
I didn't find out about the Challenger until my second grade teacher showed up late.
And we were all wondering where the teacher was.
And she showed up late and she had to tell the class what happened and why she was late.
Thanks for watching!
Morning in class we had been there for a couple of hours and we were all excited we drew pictures of of shuttles and all of this stuff and we were all we put our desks in like a semicircle around the class TV that they bring out on that big black stand on the wheels yep
And then, and we were all like, and for me, like, when I was that age, I kind of wanted to be an astronaut.
I was like, this is a big deal for me.
I want this to happen.
And then just watching it explode into our, you know, young 10 year old minds, you know, we were, we had no concept of how dangerous a mission like that could be until we saw it ourselves.
and
hit the tower around again, six kind of early I wasn't up for work.
I was awake.
And I just I distinctly remember he Bobby says this is evergreen content kind of the whole where were you moment?
I distinctly remember because I'm, I'm going to choose my words very carefully.
But I lived with someone at the time.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I think Richard and I went on our first date the night before.
I think it was that.
So I remember getting up that morning and I'm getting ready to go to work and I walk out and my crazy ex-roommate was like, well, a plane just hit the World Trade Center and there's a bunch of planes still up in the sky and we don't know where they're headed and they're going to probably crash and other things.
Have a great day at work.
Bye.
Jeez.
And I was like, you are so like him though.
And yeah, and I was like, like in my in my head, I'm like, dry manner, such a bitch, like in my head.
And I just I just got in the car, which and it didn't like nothing hit me.
All I could think about is like, what a fucking bitch this guy was basically.
And I hated this situation I was in.
And I ended up driving to work.
And at the time, I was listening to Howard Stern.
because
not normal that day, right?
It was very like, you know, and it was when I was hearing this, I was like, Oh my God, like the reality of the situation hit me.
And I remember getting to work and I just like sat in the parking lot and I didn't even want to go in the building, but I did eventually.
And everybody was just huddled around somebody's little black and white TV that they would watch soap operas on while they did their work.
So for me, I went to get up to check, um, to check the weather.
And it was on the Weather Channel.
And now I think I like had like my little Nokia or my, you remember my Sony Ericsson phone?
So I'm like, I pull out my phone the first thing and I call Grandmom.
I'm like, Grandmom, turn on the TV.
Well, what channel?
I was like, it doesn't matter, pick one.
It's a news channel.
And then she looks at it and says,
Well, Jamie, what am I looking at?
And I told her, and we were on the phone together right when the second one hit.
And I went to work.
This is when I was working for the money store.
Well, after it was the money store, but you know, subprime lending.
We hardly got a call all day.
And I actually got a call from a coworker because this is at the time that First Union had merged.
And they're like, like, I'm just like, I'm calling because I need to see if like, if someone like if my daughter had called here, because we had people who are calling us to check on their family.
who were employees for, uh, you know, like we, we can't route that information, but I talked to one person who had gotten out of the building after the second one hit.
I had a friend who had gone to her lunch break before the first one and did not go back clearly.
And another one who was actually under rubble and was saved because of, uh, the way like something fell on her propped up, uh,
enough of the rubble to keep her from getting crushed and like her phone ringer was alerting people to where she was.
We're talking about the way how we have consumed news now has completely changed.
Because think about how something like that now plays out on Twitter.
It's such a different sort of thing.
And, you know, for big gaming alerts and things like that,
I don't know, it's just, it's very interesting how a lot of that has changed.
You know, but I'm also reading chat, and sjo100mat makes a very interesting point that's a little bit humbling, saying that for topical purposes, I found out about Bin Laden was found and killed while listening to OLR.
And you might remember, that's the interesting thing about doing the show live, is that that happened while we were in the middle of the show.
And I remember having to say, because we were at your house at the time, I think, doing this live, DarkSakura, and I remember at the time having to say like, um, I know this is weird, but there's like a big thing going on.
We're just going to like talk about it for a second.
And, you know, kind of got into that.
So it's very,
Very interesting.
That's very humbling, thinking about that that was a very big news story of a different time, and how maybe we are entwined with that for some people is very, very humbling.
I guarantee you today, if something like that happened, if we had another big, you know, terrorist, well, actually, look at the terrorist attack on Israel, how that played out.
How there were live tweets, tweets coming from people who were, oh my God, they're outside of my house.
Or, you know, text messages, things like that.
That is how our news is being reported.
That's how big attacks like this is being reported.
Well, and it's also a lot of it is, here it is, and here's how you should feel about it.
Exactly.
But there's a lot of recycling of, I'm just going to say it like this, other people's content.
Oh, sure.
It's like having a free interview with an eyewitness, but they're taking it and just their articles are predominantly taken up by other people's tweets and then speculation on it.
And I don't think that that's that that's like the eyewitness news kind of thing.
But that's how they're doing a lot of stories today.
This is Pop Crave's entire thing is just finding the hit tweet and putting their own spin on it and retweeting it.
And then all the people that follow that site.
It's fascinating.
Anyway.
That goes back to people not doing their own research again and putting out speculation that people are taking as fact.
All right, it is a video game show, believe it or not, but it's also a video game community.
So let's talk a little bit about and again, I'm sorry to leave this lead story as, wow, this sucks.
I, I don't know what else we can do about this.
Again, this this doesn't change unless there is a fundamental way and how we consume in a fundamental change in the way we consume information.
That's not happening tomorrow.
No, just wait until we have the chips that download how we think into our head.
Well, hold on because we have a story coming up on that later.
But for now, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
So DarkSakura, what games have you been playing this week?
I have been playing a good bit of Avatar again.
I'm sort of putting off ending the game.
Although I found that you can keep playing when the game is done, so I might do that.
You know, just like, I'm going to be a Navi for the rest of ever.
I've been playing Dead by Daylight.
I'm going to be playing, of course, more today because I want to get through the Blood Moon thing.
And I haven't touched Killer at all during it.
I've been playing the Saturn Castlevania Symphony of the Night, or Nocturne in the Moonlight.
Right now I'm in that exploring and locating shit phase, although I think I got four familiars and other forms.
I got the mist form, the bat form, and the wolf form.
And then I got the other power-ups for those.
But I still need to get the Spikebreaker armor so I can go get the walk armor.
The walk armor, if no one knows, is the best armor to have in that game when you have done over 100% map completion.
Because the more of the map that you fill up, the stronger your armor gets.
Um, so I'm trying to get back down to the, the, um, the catacombs so I can fight some werewolves and get a Yatatsuna, which to me is the best weapon in the game short of the, uh, the jeweled fist.
Um, and yes, the Saturn version is better, but what's awesome about the one that I'm playing is that it has the English dialogue, um, from the PSP version or the PlayStation one that came out.
I remember that being a story on the show several weeks ago that that patch was, yeah.
And I had it downloaded then, I just hadn't started it, I think, or maybe I had just started it.
But it's still got a lot of the Japanese voices left in there, which is funny, because you get dialogue in one language, and then
You get, you know, you hear it in, you know, the background stuff in Japanese, but they also bumped it up to where it takes full advantage of the Saturn's capability, where the one that we got originally was very rushed.
It was, it, I paid 20 bucks for it when it came out, you know, and now it's going for mega bucks.
But it just wasn't super polished and it didn't use a lot of the better transparency effects and the better 2D animation that the Saturn was capable of.
So this is very well done.
This is what the game should have been.
And then...
I played something else, but I don't remember.
So, oh, yeah, we took out Weird Al because Dan hosted League.
And so we put in Final Resistance on the P3.
So we played some of that.
All right, we'll go over to Loki.
How was your gaming week?
I didn't play much other than, you know, Minecraft.
So I've been working on a big Redstone project.
That's now done.
I'm actually editing the video for it.
So it's a big super smelter and it's awesome because it's very fast and ridiculously large.
So that'll be coming very soon.
Hopefully, maybe even tomorrow.
And then I'm taking some time off this week to work on the first theme park ride because it's taking a lot of time to
build all that and conceptualize it and get everything working so I'm getting closer there each day but yeah mostly this week it's been movies so I saw the new Ghostbusters movie yesterday and then on Thursday I saw Rad which is an old BMX
DMX movie from 1986.
Oh, hell, I love that fucking movie.
Yep.
They had it in theaters for a rad day.
It was awesome.
My kids did not want to stay for the Q&A afterwards.
And so I was a little bit bummed there because they had, I guess, Ed Helms from like The Office, the comedian.
He was hosting the Q&A with I don't know who it was supposed to be because it was all through that like Fathom Events thing.
But apparently he writes BMX.
Who knew?
Like,
That's a thing he does though, and I guess he's a fan of the movie, so it would have been interesting.
But yeah, I've been trying to get him to see that movie forever now.
And so now we have to watch all of the different extreme sports, like, movies.
So, like, there's... Show him Pee-Wee's Big Adventure.
There's BMX in that.
Yeah, there is.
That's true.
Like, Thrasher was just one... I think it's Thrasher or Thrash, which I was just...
reminded of, I've never seen it, but like I, it was in another video I was watching, but like, um, you know, Gleaming the Cube and, and, uh, you know, a little bit later Airborne, which is, you know, the like Rollerblade type movie, um, to go along with all this type of stuff.
Do you remember Solar Babies?
No.
They were like stuck in this area, but they played like some weird version of lacrosse.
God, there was another one too that I was thinking of.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
Prayer of the Rollerboys was another one.
Ah, yes, yes.
Prayer of the Rollerboys.
That's a good one.
And I mean, even I guess, oh God, what was the other one?
Robot Jocks.
Thanks for watching!
It was fine.
I don't know.
It was like, certainly it's not going to be as good as the last one because the last one was essentially remaking the first movie.
And then there's just like, how much nostalgia can we inject into your veins?
So this one's a little bit more normal, but there's like, I don't know, like the old Ghostbusters cast.
like some of like okay Bill Murray phoning it in I mean he's in it for like a couple minutes really didn't even need to be in the movie like there's no point for it um it was okay and then there's there's also like
I mean, I'm just rolling my eyes because it's ridiculous.
Like, who cares?
Um, there's a scene with, um, this ghost girl and the young, uh, Spengler and there, there's like some chemistry there.
You don't know if it's friendship of, oh no, maybe it's lesbian chemistry.
Who gives a shit?
Like, it's just a movie.
Like, but people are making a big deal about dumb shit like that.
Like who cares?
Um,
I was okay.
I wasn't interested in the movie.
I mean, there was a reason that they they took out the the ghost sex scene with Dan Aykroyd.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't interested in this movie until you told me I'm missing out on lesbian ghosts.
Like, hell yeah.
That should be the tagline.
Why are they calling it Frozen Empire?
They should have called it Ghostbusters Lesbian Ghosts.
I wouldn't be into that.
So here's the thing like even with all that like it's the best description I've heard of it is it they said it feels like someone took an episode of the real Ghostbusters and gave them the budget to make a full movie based off of one episode of that show and that's kind of yeah it kind of feels like that a little bit it's like kind of the ghost of the week you know they explain it it's not really tied into the old movies or anything it's just it's just a ghost that's trying to
Tiara was telling me this morning that they thought it started off really strong and kind of fizzled at the end.
Yeah, that's what a lot of people have been saying.
I guess.
It didn't really feel like the pacing was slow to me.
There's a lot of like... I don't know.
There's a lot of people that are like characters from the first movie that just like...
Oh, hey, look, I'm in New York now, too.
Oh, hey, look, I'm in New York now, too.
Like it's like, where are all these people coming from?
Why are they here for no reason?
We are all in New York right now.
Exactly.
It's like, oh, hey, you're you podcast, you know, the character from the last movie from Oklahoma City.
Oh, now you're helping Ray film his like podcast like.
Why?
What do you think about the trailer for Beetlejuice Beetlejuice?
I want to see it.
I'm excited about Beetlejuice.
I love that Lydia is still hyper goth.
I'm just so happy Catherine O'Hara is still in it.
And they got, yes, I was about to say they got the lady, the legend.
Yeah, well, and it's very obvious who dies at the beginning because only one of the original cast of Beetlejuice is in jail for very, very, very bad crimes.
So, so anyway, or maybe on parole, but on a registry at this point.
So they will not be making any more movies, rightfully so.
All right.
Anyway, although the first movie still has one of my favorite lines.
If you don't let me gut out this house and make it my own, I will go insane and I will take you with me.
All right.
Back to games.
Loki, any other games?
Um, no, that was it.
All right.
My Game of Week.
So I have, of course, the good old favorites like Final Fantasy 14, still working on that.
Still playing.
I even I even signed into Dead by Daylight this week, which I haven't played in months.
I played a match.
I passed away because I didn't have very good team.
No, I escaped one of them.
I played a couple matches because I escaped one of them because I got called selfish because I left somebody on the hook.
But I'm like,
DarkSakura
You need to play The Unknown.
Yeah, I guess I'll check it out at some point.
I did not... The Unknown is the first super fun killer we've had in the game.
Oh, really?
I haven't... I didn't go against them in any of the matches I played.
I think I had like a... I don't even remember what it was.
But yeah, just... It takes the good parts of... Well, I mean, I love Sadako as well, but it takes kind of the good parts of Sadako and Dredge.
And then
the good parts that should have been with the Singularity and marries them in utter creep fest.
Both games I played were against the Singularity for some reason.
I don't know.
Singularity has been having an uptick.
Yeah.
Anyway, um, but other stuff.
So how about some non normal stuff?
Because there's a couple games I played that were a little outside the norm for me.
PlunderStorm
to go over to Plunderstorm and you have your basically like seasoned character or whatever, because this is only supposed to be a six week event.
And it essentially is World of Warcraft meets Fortnite.
It is very intentionally them building a Fortnite type of thing into World of Warcraft, except instead of guns and shooting, it is using randomly acquired spells, which is a very interesting sort of thing.
So it puts a roguelike twist onto it, which I guess if you think about it, a lot of stuff in Fortnite is random as well.
But yeah, so you
you would you uh kill uh mobs and npcs and sometimes they drop spells and you have to choose what spells to take out and then you also can grab plunder gold and occasionally you run into other players and you have to engage in combat and hopefully your spell kit is good enough and you're leveled
It was kind of difficult in the beginning because it doesn't teach you a lot of what's going on.
Yeah, I did stream it and most of my games were horrible.
I was legit last place one of my games, 60th place, because I landed the exact same place someone else did and they took me out right away as much as I tried to fight it.
But yeah, as 200 Matt does point out, I got top five one game.
I was like fourth place one game, mostly because I ran around like a little bitch and just was like on the outskirts.
I was trying to like find more NPCs to kill, but it kept me alive for a very long time.
But one game I was on a roll.
I killed three other people before I died.
Just when I was starting to think, like, am I ever going to be able to kill somebody in this game, I got like three people in one match.
I was like, okay.
Otherwise...
It was fine.
I anticipated I would do a three hour stream of Plunderstorm because I usually try to do a stream around three hours.
I was done with it after an hour and a half.
I was like, all right, bored now.
Like, let's let's move on.
So I'm not sure what kind of lasting power that has.
So it's probably best as a sideshow.
But I think it's cute that they're using the Warcraft engine to kind of do some of these things.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat says maybe you need a guide of 10 things you should know before starting World of Warcraft's Fortnite mode.
I'll tell you what, go look up Plunderstorm on Kotaku.
I guarantee that that guide exists, exactly what you just said.
Because I think I saw it on there as I was browsing the main page when all this other stuff came up.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
That was a little diversion.
The other game I played that for me was brand new, and maybe you will be surprised to hear that I played this game, is I played Foam Stars.
This game has been in the news a lot because there is a minimal amount of AI that they have used in the game.
And so it's gotten a lot of shit for that.
And I will say the AI is limited to very, very, very, all it is, it's when you're in the sound player, it's the album arts are very AI generated.
Here's the thing.
They look out of place.
I don't know what the fuck they were thinking with that whole thing.
That was a really bad decision to do that.
Here's the thing about Foamstars, and why did I play this game?
Because Shane and I made an agreement.
because he's been really into Foam Stars and enjoying it.
He said, if you play Foam Stars on stream, I'll play a game that you want on stream later.
And he assumed I would pick Diablo, but I was like, no, Diablo is kind of like, I don't think it's a good right now to like level with somebody.
So coming soon, because I think we're going to do it after the current event.
I'm going to make Shane play Dead by Daylight with me.
He's never played before.
So that'll be fun.
So stay tuned for that.
So the agreement was I'll play Foam Stars.
He plays Dead by Daylight.
So I play Foam Stars.
Here's the thing.
The game actually isn't bad.
Like a lot of people compare it to Splatoon.
And yeah, I get the Splatoon comparisons.
But believe it or not, the whole like foam mechanic where you're actually riding on the foam and you don't really like go underneath it.
You're more like on this board where you can kind of like make walls and all this stuff.
Like it does kind of end up being a very different sort of mechanic.
And
um uh you can uh the heroes that you play are more like overwatch in splatoon everything is very well you can do this weapon or that weapon have this ultimate or that ultimate and uh the way foam stars is put together is a little more of an overwatch sort of feeling but that stuff aside when when we would actually get into a match we didn't get into everything we queued up for because nobody's fucking playing this game anymore no but like people were playing this game for it's people aren't playing this fucking game
And it's unfortunate because the game isn't bad, but this game is one of the most grossly mismanaged games I think I've seen in a very long time.
And just yet another shining example of how the people at the top of the industry don't know what the fuck they're doing.
And this AI thing is an excellent example of that.
Sj100mat says, creating real album art is two weeks worth of work.
The AI got it done in two hours.
That was a bad fucking call.
somebody should have gone outside and take photographs and used crappy Photoshop filters and put cheap text on them.
I could have got them done in two hours and have them look just as just as compelling.
Like that was a bad call.
Or here's another idea.
Don't have you who says you need to have fucking album art on your sound test mode.
Just don't have it.
Because it has nothing to do with the rest of the game.
And then you don't get all this negative present is a bad idea.
But even putting that aside,
Consider the fact that Foam Stars, a Square Enix product, launched the same day on PlayStation Plus as Helldivers 2.
So PlayStation, you know, obviously put a lot into that, and that game's big.
But then also, the Final Fantasy VII Rebirth demo launched the same day as Foam Stars, also a Square Enix product.
So this game was really set up to fail on multiple perspectives.
And now it's like, nothing is supporting this game.
This game is gonna go ass up soon, because it's no longer free on PlayStation Plus.
And I'm sorry, don't pay $30 for this game, when there's all these like battle pass, microtransaction, all the shit you'd expect to see.
Don't do it.
People aren't gonna do it.
This game has been set up to fail by gross mismanagement and there's no other way around it because otherwise the game wasn't bad.
I had a lot of fun playing with Shane and playing on stream and I'm kind of surprised that I'm saying that because I remember when I played the demo, I didn't really care for it.
But playing the game with Shane gave me a perspective on the game that not even any fucking guide in the world could do.
And that is somebody could just explain to me what to do and what I was seeing meant and what the strategy was in the current moment.
Somebody was able to like kind of walk me through that.
And that made the game like 100 times more fun, playing with somebody who kind of knows what they're talking about.
So anyway, the break man says so this is another case of publisher interference is the biggest problem, sort of.
SSU 100 Matt.
Oh, yeah, is responding to a comment that Bobby Blackwolf made saying what is the TTP or time to penis and foam stars?
When Rob starts playing is the answer.
Just an interesting aside on this whole thing.
And this is not something I usually care about.
I want to stress.
But this was one of those things where I went, that's really fucking interesting.
And I don't get it.
I had more viewers than I've ever had for a stream playing foam stars.
Interesting.
I had I had almost I had an average of high 30s playing average.
I don't and again, I don't usually care about that shit.
It's just one of those things.
I was like, what?
Why?
Huh?
And I guess I was like the only person playing it on Twitch.
And maybe that's part of the reason about it.
Yeah, Mike Dev says you dominated in the foam stars category because literally nobody else was playing it.
So it was just interesting.
And yeah, SGO100Matt says I got raided a couple times, which yeah, probably helped, but it's just, I, but I retained, I retained the raids.
That doesn't usually happen.
So it's, yeah, it was just a very, huh?
Sort of thing.
Anyway.
All right.
That's it for my gaming week.
Let's move on and talk about some gaming news and what else is going on in the gaming world.
Loki, we'll start.
Oh, but I will just mention really quick, because usually here's when we talk about housekeeping and what's going on in show news.
FYI, tonight is episode 997.
That means episode 1,000, which really was a thing that we could only really dream and joke about literally at one point when this show hits 1,000 episodes.
I distinctly remember that in an old episode.
We joked, Oh, yeah, we'll never get to 1000 episodes, but it would happen in the year like 2023 or 2024, whatever.
So April 14 is going to end up being our 1000th episode of Orange Launch Radio.
We are the only weekly gaming podcast to get to 1000 episodes.
And that's pretty wild to think about.
So and I just want to say, you know, I don't expect that this is going to get a lot of traction because, you know, we have, of course, our podcast listeners that we love.
We have maybe mid 20s viewing us on Twitch right now.
So we're not like, you know, top tier.
And it's fine.
It's okay.
We've made peace of that work.
We, we have awesome people with us every week that keep us going.
But it's just one of those things where it's like, it's really just kind of neat to kind of go like, holy shit, we did this thing that literally was only a dream.
And we're going to hit that landmark on April 14th.
This is
It's wild and it's awesome.
So thank you all who have been here for the ride.
It's, it's very deeply appreciated.
And yeah, Bobby Blackwell says, I mean, we're in the top 1% of Twitch with our mid 20 viewers.
Yeah, no, look, and I don't want to, I'm very thankful for every viewer that we have.
Absolutely.
My point is, is that
We're it's not like people that the mass the guide writing gaming media or the mainstream is going to give a shit.
We're not a let's say Asmongold or something where that guy fucking farts and they write a news article about it on various websites that AI helps them generates, like or you know, a lot of other people Pokimane makes a decision about you know what she's doing.
And, you know, again, every website starts to roll.
We're not that and that's okay.
Again, the
There's actually a lot of good things that come with not having a constant eye on you all the time.
Um, so it's just but I just, I don't expect that there's going to be a lot of fanfare and that's okay.
All right.
Yeah, SJ100Math says thank you for taking us along on your dream journey.
Well, there wouldn't be a journey if you all weren't here.
So very much appreciate that.
Alright, now we can actually get into some gaming news.
Sorry Loki, go ahead.
That's alright.
So Steam Family Sharing is getting very interesting.
So now they're going to be replacing Steam Families, essentially Steam Families is going to replace
Support up to 6 family members total
with both offline availability and they said streamlined license availability is at long last.
What I think is really cool about it, though, is that basically like I could be playing a game on Steam and if my kids want to play one of the like other 900 probably games that I have, they can do that without any sort of interruption to what I'm doing.
Also, they said that
Apparently the game license owner can continue playing other games while one license is being shared with the family members.
Users accessing shared games can now play them offline as well.
And I think there was something, they're saying, yeah, retain all key features, including separate achievements, save games, and other player generated content.
So yes, my kids are very excited about this because I have a lot of games that they would like to play.
And some may actually end up having to use this.
Are they able to prevent people from sharing this across the distance?
I don't think so.
It just says you designate six family members.
So I consider my friends family.
So it's some of us.
Yeah.
So, you know, we can do that.
But yeah.
E3VL says technically anyone can be family.
Interesting.
It's kind of a risky maneuver.
But it sounds like you can only add people or I'm sorry, remove.
If you've removed them, you can't replace them for like a year or something like that.
Like they've put a very long like you can't just rotate your family in.
You'd have to think really hard about who you're gonna have, right?
Yeah.
Bobby Blackwell says my wife likes this idea because she wants access to my Jackbox games on her laptop and I own them all on Steam.
Yeah, I mean, Alan and I can consolidate our libraries too.
I don't know if he has anything that I like really want.
But here's like here's here once again, like this is I like this type of thinking out of the box and stuff because like we have we know that there's another switch coming down the line here pretty soon.
And we know that, you know, mom or dad or whomever is
Accumulating a large library of games that they don't play.
Wouldn't it be nice to like just be able to gift your kids a Steam deck or something like that?
And boom, now they have instant access to 800, 900 games, you know, like without any additional fees or charges.
And I mean, that's a very good point.
Steam's been around a while now.
Those folks that started Steam accounts in college and built up a library are probably parents of
game playing age kids now.
Yeah, I have so many games and so many unredeemed games.
Like it's ridiculous the amount of like I was trying to consult.
There's no way like I've gone through like humble but I wish there was a way to like mark off redeemed, not redeemed or whatever.
But like I had to compile like large files of just keys of games and like see cross reference what I have and stuff.
It's
It's insane.
Breakman in chat says, I was laughing at this comment.
Breakman says, LOL, dear children, my pile of shame is now your Merry Christmas.
Kind of.
That's really funny.
I like that.
I don't know.
I would want like something that doesn't necessarily merge the libraries, you know, but gives you access to it.
Which, that's what the old method did, right?
I don't remember, it's been a while.
Yeah, I don't think this is merging.
I think that that's better.
Yeah.
I mean, it sounds to me like it's merging them, and I don't think that's a good idea.
I think if it's similar to the old method, you still see ultimately whose game it is on the Steam page before you launch it.
Alan and I used to have a shared library, but it stopped at some point.
Like, I don't know what we did, so yeah.
Nobody gets any of my stuff, I'm keeping it to myself.
Basically, the difference now is before it used to be if someone was playing something from your library, you couldn't play anything from it.
So now they're saying, well, as long as it's not the same game you're playing, then it's fine.
Which, cool.
Yeah.
Interesting.
All right, well, let's move on and talk about some talks that happened at GDC because Game Developers Conference was this weekend.
And although there's not a ton, a ton of gaming news that usually comes out of Game Developers Conference, there's sometimes some interesting little tidbits as the industry looks at literally like how the sausage is made.
There's a lot of game developers that come together and talk about, you know, what they've done for games, what's worked, what hasn't worked.
And sometimes we do get news about, you know, new features for game creators.
We'll get into a story about that later.
But for this, let's talk about a talk on Super Mario Brothers Wonder.
So there was some slides that came out that were shared on Twitter talking about Nintendo's Super Mario Wonder team showing off different brainstorming sessions that it had in a talk that they were having.
The game's directors, Shiro Mori and producer Takashi Tezuka,
were sharing some insight about what went into the process.
So some of the brainstorming sessions had Mario surfing, riding a unicycle, jumping on a pogo stick.
I'm kind of surprised that wasn't something they went with.
That sounds kind of fun.
They also even went as far as to have Wonder Effect testing sessions and unused Wonder Effects.
There was even a prototype level that was completely cut with a giant block Mario where enemies were chomping away at his head.
Player turns into a giant block Mario and advances while avoiding getting eaten.
Anyway, it sounds pretty cool.
Could make for a very interesting Mario Maker later on if they ever went that way, but who knows?
Anyway, also in the talk or previously to the talk, some of the folks behind Super Mario Brothers Wonder have mentioned how they prototyped all sorts of things.
They had over 2000 ideas that went into this game and just some of the
best ones were actually of course the ones that made it into the game uh there was a yoshi egg throwing mechanic that you saw in prior games uh also apparently miyamoto was not a big fan of the early elephant designs and so that was refined a little bit so
Um, interesting.
I mean, those are sorts of the, like what was left on the cutting room floor, sorts of things that you hear on GDC talks and fascinating stuff, but not usually the type of stuff that makes news headlines.
But I hope everybody that went to GDC had a really good time.
I thought there was a lot of very interesting things going on at GDC.
Apparently at some point there was a gathering of folks from the industry to let out a cathartic scream.
in front of GDC just just to reflect on the state of the gaming industry, layoffs, etc.
And everybody just fucking screamed for a minute.
And I'm sure I'm sure the police were called.
But it's those types of interesting events, you know, that probably made for a unique GDC this year.
All right.
Now, moving on DarkSakura.
Whale.
So that they can find ways of communicating with people through digital means.
And the first patient that had the chip installed, named Noland Arbaugh, has been able to do some cool things like playing video games.
So, one of the first things, and by the way, I should also say that he's only had a few issues with it, but no cognitive impairments.
But going back to this, he did a livestream with Neuralink, talking about playing chess, and also playing, Rob, you'll like this, Civ VI.
Yeah, I heard about this.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm playing just for eight hours.
Sorry, just full disclosure.
When I see Neuralink, I immediately roll my eyes because I know that it's a Elon Musk back thing and I just don't fucking like him and I don't intend to support anything that has his name attached to it.
However,
I am a little, I will admit it's a little torn because I do like hearing about, Oh, there's these things that allow, you know, more accessibility to certain people and allow, you know, people to, you know, uh, experience things they have not been able to so far.
So I'm a little torn.
My hope is that, you know, similar to, uh, the Tesla experience, uh, one company will do it and then other companies will do it, come in and do it even better.
That's my hope.
Ed intended not to bring up the ownership at all.
I'll save that for another thing.
Um, but anyway, though, the fact that something like this is in existence and someone made it and someone is living a better life because of it, I think that's awesome.
And the fact that they're using it to play video games is honestly even more awesome.
Um, the way that the chip works, it has like these different, uh, thread, thread-ish, like electrodes that go into parts of the brain that control movement.
And, um,
And so it helps with responding on a computer, being able to control house automation, being able to use a keyboard.
I think that having bionic people now, or I guess kind of cybernetic people, is...
I think it's going to change a lot of lives in the future.
We need to continue developing technology like this.
I was also reading that they now have a bionic hand that can transmit actual sensation of feeling, if not like legit touch.
So that's pretty cool.
But I mean, but still, you know, it just goes to show that
People, you know, no matter their ability level are going to want to play something and you open up that world to them, it gives them some joy.
And we need to remember that people going through various disabilities are people and they want to be happy and enjoy things just like the rest of us do.
And Civ 6 is an excellent place to use those abilities, that's for sure.
I'd imagine it would make things a lot easier.
That would be the kind of game that would lend itself best to something like that.
Oh yeah.
And reading this comment from Questbuster, if you don't care for Neuralink, other companies have been exploring BCI brain-computer interfaces for years, such as one in Australia where one of their patients used their approach to tweet in 2021.
He has since been doing more with it since then.
So yeah, that's and that's that's my whole thing is I'm like, okay, like, I'm not, I'm not gonna hate on this, because it's making, you know, again, things more accessible, you know, and what Jamie explained there is, is generally a good thing.
I just don't intend to support this particular company.
But I look at this as an industry of this is where other companies are going to go as well.
So anyway,
Alright, let's move on and talk about, unfortunately, one company that is going to no longer be able to do their thing.
Loki.
Yes, well, the Pokemon company, or Nintendo, is coming after a bunch of different fan-made things now.
So, the first to be hit is Relic Castle, which is a popular forum based off of the creation and sharing of Pokemon fan games.
And it has been taken down without warning.
There is a post on Twitter put out by RelicCastle saying, Dear Pokemon fan community, it is with heavy heart that I have to announce that RelicCastle website has been taken down following a DMCA takedown notice.
And then apparently they're going to still have their Discord available for people as of right now.
Also, weirdly enough, the Pokemon Company has requested a takedown of a seven-year-old video featuring a modded Call of Duty zombies match where they've replaced the zombies with Pikachu.
They've requested that that be taken down as well.
Well, I think I think back to the story about the lawyer last week that worked there and said, basically, he gets called attention to things when it comes across his desk.
And I that I mean, I get that the seven years old thing makes for a great headline.
But I just think, well, they just somebody finally shared it with them.
Somebody finally told them about it.
And that's how they that's how they ended up seeing it.
But I
What's the fucking point?
Like, I agree.
And I also would kind of go, isn't there like kind of parody that could go into that as well that, you know, I don't think they exactly have the right to be doing that.
But again, when a large company threatens you, what are you going to do?
And YouTube is not often sided with the creators, unfortunately.
Talked about that before.
So but man, having this whole website, you know, closed.
But the thing is, is this going to stop a single person from buying a Pokemon game?
Look, this community is still saying they're going to continue on Discord.
They're going to continue supporting all this stuff.
So does this actually change anything?
I mean, it just makes it a little harder to find, I guess they would have to, like, join the discord or something like that.
But that's not impossible.
Yeah.
And I also meant to change anything from either perspective.
You know, does.
No.
Yeah.
Is it going to be basically the Pokemon is is people are going to look at it and go, wow, what a bunch of dicks.
But is it really going to change anything?
Right, it's not because all the games weren't actually hosted on this site.
They were linked out to other sites where they're hosted.
So they're like, yeah, just use the Wayback Machine.
And it's like the site never went anywhere.
It's like, oh, bravo.
Good job.
You didn't do anything.
I will say this much though, this is my way of putting it succinctly.
Stories like these, where the legal team is just shutting these things down for apparently no reason, and until they explain themselves, which they're never gonna do, it's apparently for no reason.
This is why a lot of people out there
We're excited to play Palworld as something that completely wasn't even a game.
People were willing to believe Palworld was something that it wasn't because everybody secretly wants these fucking legal teams and stuff to get theirs.
Well, I think they also maybe want like innovation or they want something different with the Pokemon games because that's why they're playing these fan games.
It's not that they dislike Pokemon.
It's just like they dislike or maybe they want more of
the Pokemon games that they're making, or maybe they don't like the direction that they're taking those Pokemon games.
And so they're like, I don't know.
I don't think you can say that the Pokemon games don't innovate because Pokemon Go is probably one of the most innovative video games of all time.
How old is that now?
Like, come on.
But I'm saying like Pokemon puts out a bunch of different products.
But I think what you really mean is from a technical perspective, the Nintendo commitment platform holds them back.
That's what it is.
You don't get Pikachu in 4K because of the platforms that they're continuing to release on.
I mean, I don't know.
Anyway.
All right.
Well, if Pokemon isn't your thing, maybe Fortnite is kind of your thing.
And as you know, Fortnite has been through a lot of changes in the last few months.
Or I should say that there's new modes in it that make you realize that Fortnite is much more than Battle Royale, which is the game that everyone calls Fortnite.
Uh, and that includes things like Lego Fortnite, which is, you know, a lot of people have been saying it's Minecraft, but it's also kind of a survival sort of game.
I, I get not quite as much Minecraft vibes as I do dungeon quest build or dragon quest builders.
Do you remember that?
That's what Lego Fortnite feels like to me as dragon quest builders and that kind of like genre of games.
But I do like Lego Fortnite.
And of course, a lot of people like Lego Fortnite because it's still very popular.
And now this
Game mode is going to be expanding and this was something that was announced at GDC.
So we don't often get a lot of gaming news, but because this is about creating worlds and creating experiences in Fortnite, it fit the bill of something to promote at GDC.
So during Epic Unreal's keynote on March 20th, they were talking about Fortnite and Unreal and talked about how both were going to be evolving in the future.
And Epic is going to be adding tools and features to let anyone create their own big or small Lego adventures and share them online in Fortnite on all of the platforms that Fortnite is on, which is pretty much everything.
That's going to be starting on Tuesday.
Lego tools, templates, assets, they're in Fortnite's creative mode, and Unreal Editor for Fortnite or UEFN, which is the more advanced software to create these things in.
Logo Designed Islands will follow all the same rules as other user-generated content, but there are some additional rules and restrictions, because LEGO is mandating all published LEGO islands must have an ESRB rating of E10+, or lower, because it's got to be kid-friendly.
The LEGO Group is also going to take a cut of money that you make through this, so you agree to share 15% of your total island payout with the LEGO Group.
So there's something to consider there.
But I'm I'm sure there's folks that will go do their thing.
And I believe Lego kind of announced it's like a proof of concept sort of thing of this.
There's a new Cat Island, a logo or logo Lego Cat Island that's available.
That's like a different level where you go in and you play with cats.
And as somebody who likes Legos and likes cats.
Yes, this speaks to me.
I would like to try this mode.
I imagine Loki has got to be sitting there going,
I might have to try that if I can put Minecraft down for a minute.
So it's, yeah, I'll have to check that out this week at some point.
But yeah, it's continuing to expand.
So very, very interesting.
And again, I've talked about this before.
I won't repeat myself too much.
But Fortnite is not a game.
Fortnite is now a platform.
And it's very interesting to see this stuff continue to expand.
We'll see.
And it's funny because like, you know, Roblox, it's, I think that started off as like a Lego game, Lego inspired game.
And now, and now it's basically, it's like Lego type characters making, you know, obstacle courses and stuff.
And then sure enough, this, this video that they're talking about, Hey, start building your own Lego islands.
The first thing that, Hey, you can make obstacle courses or Hey, we like to be cool.
Like the kids, we're going to call them Obbies.
You can make Obbies.
We speak in the language kids.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S
Lael, did you ever play a lot of the shinobi games especially that came out later like on Saturn?
Only the old school arcade games.
I never played the Saturn ones to be honest.
Shinobi Legions, also known in Japan as Shin Shinobi Den, and in Europe as Shinobi X, because everything had an X in the name.
Whale, there is a cheat code in Shinobi Legions discovered by Beau Bales, the Saturn hacker, that has a debug mode.
It activates a debug.
but it's gonna require 40 buttons to make this happen.
So the steps to do it require, get ready, go to the options screen, navigate to music, select stage 2-3, navigate to sound effect and select 0-6.
Navigate to audio and hold L while putting in this 40 button sequence.
A button 10 times, X once, B 3, Y once, C 6, Z once, X 10 times, A once, Y 3 times, B once, Z 6 times, C once.
Exit the options screen and start a new game.
If you did it correctly, you can press the R button to bring up a menu.
with Level Select to change your lives and continues, boost your life bar, all kinds of stuff.
You'll be able to hold L, R, and Z to move the protagonist freely without collision.
Um... So yeah, it will, um... There's a patch out there too that if you, uh, like, select a button, it'll just automatically activate the debug mode.
So, um... There you go.
But yeah, it's a...
It's there!
Now we know how to do it for real without any external stuff, but apparently, so I made it easy.
Alright.
I was trying to see if Kotaku had written a guide yet on how to unlock the debug mode in Shinobi Legions.
I don't- they don't have one yet!
They're- they're by- Kotaku, that's not how you're gonna win!
Just sayin'.
Hmm.
Why aren't you on top of the Shin-Shinobi Den stuff, huh, huh, huh, huh?
Anyway, but still, in all seriousness, always love these stories about discovering like old things or excuse me, new things and old games is really cool, especially the one.
What was the one a few weeks ago?
It was like you could completely like put the PlayStation into like debug mode and flip the disc out and all this stuff was buried in like an old alien game that was on PlayStation.
That was so cool.
So, yeah, I like that a lot of this stuff kind of gets found.
Of course, a lot of this is from I think some people like go so far as to like decompile the games and find this stuff.
But
I was actually watching someone today, I'll have to find the video again, where he had to completely reverse engineer a code key thing for a game that no longer had the box.
that isn't being supported anymore, so there's no way to get a new code to play the game.
And he created some script that lets you go into how the authenticator on it works, and the numbers that it checks for, and what you have to have in order to make it work.
And it was pretty amazing.
I mean, a little bit was over over my head.
I was a little better at following now that I'm starting some coding.
But but it was kind of kind of neat what people are doing so they can play their old games again, too.
All right.
Well, let's move on a few more stories before we get to another classic game in our regular segment.
But first, we're going to go over to Loki.
Well, this is not great, but apparently Bloomberg is saying that Sony has paused production on the PlayStation VR 2 because it's produced 2 million units and is having trouble selling them.
Sales are declining each quarter according to the International Data Corporation and, you know,
I think, you know, obviously it's because it's expensive and it also requires you to buy a PlayStation 5 which is also expensive.
And so you don't have the must-have games on PlayStation VR.
And so why make the over $1,000 investment to play some games in VR?
Hopefully, though, they're going to be supporting PC very soon, because I did see there is an article talking about how Sony has enabled NVIDIA support for the PlayStation VR 2 using the DP auxiliary emulator and a modified EDID.
I don't know what the hell that means, but it sounds like that they're working on
getting PC support to work someone which is legit a great idea they could save this hardware is getting it to run with PCs as well because unfortunately the must have utility doesn't exist on PlayStation and it seems very clear it's not coming so that's you know I'm surprised it took this long for this story to come to kind of come down the pipeline where they're they're having to scale back how much they're making this because there's there's not a lot of reason to buy one currently
You know what I mean?
Like, you're either buying one to play stuff they already announced some time ago and released, so maybe... But otherwise, you know, what's Sony doing now for this device?
Yeah, it's a hard... It's starting to feel like yet another Sony abandoned piece of hardware.
By the way, happy birthday to the PSP, which was released 19 years ago.
It's a hard sell just because, like, I like the PlayStation VR, or at least I like playing the games on it, but yeah, it's...
It's hard making that that sell now for these games considering that there's not really that many exclusives and the ones that are like playable on multiple platforms.
You can play that on a cheaper device.
It's just
And I don't know if it's that can it could be that night and day different as far as quality goes.
Like, am I going to get a better gameplay experience on the PlayStation VR 2?
I don't know if that's the case, but yeah, it's it's a tough sell right now.
And it also sucks that it doesn't play original PlayStation VR games, which kind of hobbled this thing.
Yes.
And I understand before y'all.
Correct me and explain it to me.
I understand why it doesn't play the original because of the complete change in the way that it senses the environment around you and all that.
But that just goes to show the original decision wasn't very future proofed.
So it just kind of sucks that, you know, the original library isn't playable, which, again, even the great software that's out there for original PlayStation VR doesn't really work with VR 2 unless the developers, like, you know, which they did with No Man's Sky and a few other games, actually upgraded it.
And Bobby in chat says, I love the PSVR 2 hardware.
It just has no software.
Yeah, that's it.
Like I remember going to your house and checking out PSVR 2, which if I'm not mistaking on your show tonight said was probably the last time you actually used that thing.
Maybe one time since.
But in all seriousness, yeah, I enjoyed the the I keep calling it a demo.
I didn't think it was like a full game.
The Horizon demo, the old proof of concept thing that we were playing.
I thought it was neat.
But yeah, it just it was no like must have killer thing for VR and like Beat Saber's kind of lived its life at this point.
You know, what's what's next?
Show us that compelling future for VR in gaming.
Half-Life Alyx, but Half-Life Alyx is kind of limited to one thing.
So I don't think yeah, so it's just, I don't know.
But yeah, as Joan Hunter Matt says, then need that PC update to help supplement them until they get those PSVR 2 games out.
And Bobby says, I do believe that if I could use my PSVR 2 on my PC, the games would look better than they do on my Valve Index.
And the PSVR 2 is technically cheaper than a Valve Index.
Excellent point.
Yeah, that would be cool.
Yeah, it really would.
So that does seem to be kind of the hardware saving direction for this product.
So it might even make me interested in one, to be quite honest, because the fact that I could have something that could play PC stuff and work on PlayStation is actually kind of like, oh, OK, now we're talking.
Right.
So we'll see what happens.
Anyway, in the meantime,
Let's move on and talk about Street Fighter 6.
Not a game I believe is played in VR at all.
But Street Fighter 6 is still going.
You know, it's been out for a little bit, but we are now talking about rumors and leaks for Season 2 DLC.
Apparently, the leaker who accurately leaked the entire Street Fighter 6 roster before it was revealed.
Remember when that was a big issue?
Capcom not happy about that.
M Bison VEGA
Some other characters, maybe not from Street Fighter 2, but some people will still be happy to hear about, R. Mika, or Rainbow Mika, who is a pro wrestler in Street Fighter Alpha 3, and then got a redesign in Street Fighter 5, also rumored to be a part of this pack.
And then, also, we have Sakura, which I'm sure will make our very own DarkSakura happy.
And of course, Sakura, of course, debuted in Street Fighter 2 Alpha.
and Elena also for this pack.
Oh, Elena's fun.
Yeah.
She was from Street Fighter 3.
You were not already.
She's the leggy girl.
Yes.
And the sixth character is supposed to be a brand new character.
There is no name provided as of yet.
So just that the sixth character is not going to be one that you actually know.
Somebody that's going to be brand new.
So there you go.
Bobby Blackwolf says the day that M. Bison graced the new Street Fighter was the greatest day of your life.
But for him, it was a Tuesday.
All right, well, while we're talking about old games, I think it's a great time to segue into our next segment.
So here we go.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
And DarkSakura, what did you pick for us this week?
I picked a game called The Dungeon Revealed.
And any old Mac gamer should know this one.
So it was a dungeon crawl game that was created by John Raymonds and published by Woodrow's Editions in 1987.
It is the enhanced commercial release of another game that Raymonds played called The Dungeon of Doom that came out of Shareware in 1985.
And there's some more about this.
The games were released for Mac OS and were compatible all the way up to System 7.
So I believe that the video that us here live are watching is a System 6 version.
So at any rate, you have a character that is trapped in a dungeon underground.
And if you attempt to take stairs from the dungeon, you get a message that says, a force prevents you from escaping to the surface.
Maybe the orb will set you free.
And so it's a...
It's kind of vague, isn't it?
So, at any rate, you have 40 floors, and each of them have a staircase going up and a staircase going down.
The floor plan is randomly generated.
And through each of those levels it gets to be more and more complicated to navigate through it, very maze-like.
You also can find some armor and magic accoutrements, potions, wands, weapons.
All kinds of stuff that you find through the dungeons, little areas that you're searching through.
You also have monsters, depending on their circumstances, they can also be more aggro or less aggro.
And you have to eat, so that you don't starve to death.
And of course, as you go further and further, the monsters become stronger and stronger.
So you have, when you start your game, you can pick one of seven classes.
You might laugh as much as I did the last one.
I even laughed when it was new.
Knight, Fighter, Sage, Wizard, Alchemist, Jeweler, and Jones!
You can be a Jones.
Everyone has their own attributes, very D&D-like in how they're assigned.
But as far as each of these other ones, they all have this ability to access one type of object.
Like an alchemist can identify potions, so they can avoid the poison.
Wizards can have wands, stuff like that.
The Jones... I'm trying to see if I can find what it was The Jones did.
I think that they're just the standard, but it's been a moment, I'll have to look them up.
But at any rate, each class has a different kind of likelihood to find a certain kind of item, and you improve your ability scores as you go along, very D&D-like.
But, as far as the original game, Dungeon of Doom... Yeah, don't shoot food orange, right?
It was basically John Raymond made the game to teach himself C, and because he did not like the Mac port of Ultima II.
I kinda like this game, I'm gonna make my own.
Bye!
and he released it anyway as Shareware in 1985 but had no payments really by 1987 even though it had become one of the most popular games on the Mac at the time.
So he said, well, screw that and upgraded the game and decided to have it published by Woodrow's Editions in 87 and retitled it The Dungeon Revealed.
The gameplay was pretty much the same, but the enhancements had some new sounds, hidden vaults, gatekeepers at the stairs, new items, and then he also put the source code out there that could be purchased by registered buyers.
And he also did a final version of the Dungeon of Doom that basically
changed none of the code since version 4 was out, but reclassified this as a free demo for the dungeon revealed.
Macworld had inducted Dungeon of Doom into the 1987 Macworld Game Hall of Fame in the Roleplay Game category.
The runner-up to this was The Seven Cities of Gold.
And they also named Dungeon of Doom as the best implementation of Rogue in 2D maze game in its Shareware and Public Domain Game Awards the same year.
Mac user rated the game a 4 out of 5, calling it a standard adventure in the Ultima series genre.
And there you go, I mean, it's black and white, you know.
This is what our games were like on the Mac back then.
Even though I didn't have a Mac as a kid or, you know, in the 80s, we had one at school.
And I remember people sneaking this game onto that computer, you know, and, you know, my friends playing this game, my friends who had more money than me.
So I definitely, I didn't remember the,
When I saw the Jones thing listed again, I was like, oh, I kind of remember that, but I still don't remember what they do.
And it wasn't listed here and just like, I get to be a Jones.
Um, QuestBuster.
My daddy was a Jones.
QuestBuster comments on this game saying the simple fun or it's simple fun that still holds up, especially if you're something of a roguelike fan.
Yeah, definitely big rogue vibes off this game.
Crystal Quest?
Crystal Quest?
Crystal Quest?
Not Crystal Maze, that was a TV show.
But yeah, Crystal Quest.
It came out on the Apple IIe before.
I mean, there's been a Game Boy version, too.
Oh, wow.
I just remember the Mac one, to be honest.
So.
All right.
Well, anyway.
There it is, your classic game of the week.
The Dungeon Revealed.
Maybe Crystal Quest will get its time in the future.
We'll see.
All right, we still have some headlines to get to.
So let's do some rapid fire news.
And we'll start with Loki.
Spokesperson for Larian Studios has said that, hey, we're done with Baldur's Gate 3.
We're not developing anymore for it.
And we're moving on from Baldur's Gate and Dungeons and Dragons.
So they're going to be working on a new IP.
We don't know what it is, but it's not going to be Baldur's Gate.
Honestly good for them being able to make a power move like that at this point.
So many studios kind of get stuck into doing sequel upon sequel and, you know, Baldur's Gate 3 is one of the most award winningest games there's been in quite some time and I love that they can just be like, you know what?
We want to go do something new.
Yeah, I mean, fair enough.
They should.
And then we have the release date now for the Final Fantasy 14's final DLC.
Or is it 16?
16.
16, my mistake.
16's final DLC.
That is going to be Rising Tide.
It's going to unravel the mystery behind the icon of water.
April 18 Expansion Pass
I will just quickly mention, since you brought up Final Fantasy XIV, they released a lot of info on that at PAX East this weekend.
And Dawn Trail has a date.
It's going to be playable on June 28th if you pre-order it, which most fans of the game are going to do that.
So I don't know why they bothered to have two release dates, but June 28th will be the date for most people.
It looks to be very heavily Final Fantasy IX inspired based on the pre-order bonuses and those sorts of things.
So we're not quite sure how yet.
But then also related to this, Loki, the Final Fantasy XVI x XIV event.
So the XVI event in XIV.
Yes, that's the thing is going to be it looks like next month.
So in April, that'll be fun.
So what's up with the whole like double currency thing with the Xbox version that you can buy like a special current coin in order to pay for your services, which is stupid.
Okay, it's weird.
So the Xbox version officially released this week.
And so the only way you can pay for your subscription on Xbox, if you only have an Xbox license, is to use these Xbox coins that you buy through the store.
which is essentially Microsoft getting a cut of that one way or another.
So I'm not sure the why behind it because it definitely kind of looks silly when it's put side by side with the PS4 and 5 version and the PC version why you have this, but you know, it's going to enable some people to play the game that haven't been able to before.
An interesting point I saw raised elsewhere is that in some territories, certain ones in South America, Central America, this will make Final Fantasy XIV more affordable than it is today.
But meanwhile, most people in the US, Europe, etc.
are kind of razzing the team because you have to have an Xbox Game Pass account
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma
Don't go to that edition.
Use the free edition to see if you like the game.
And then if you decide you like the game and you want the restrictions to move, then go to the starter edition, because otherwise you're missing out on being able to play a good chunk of the game for free.
So, yeah, I think this is a really silly and a lot of people are like, what the hell are they doing with Final Fantasy on Xbox?
I think it's a little ridiculous, but if it gets even a handful of new people into the game, then cool, I guess.
But was it worth the effort?
I don't know, but I can't imagine it was much.
I mean, the game already runs on PCs very well.
And, you know, like when you put an Xbox controller in the PC, it has all the Xbox labelings anyway.
So.
Right.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Anyway.
Sorry.
A little diversion there, but I noticed it was nowhere else in the show.
I thought I'd bring it up.
DarkSakura.
Well, a game that I certainly love is going to be coming out for PS5, PS4, Xbox One, Switch, and PC on May 9th.
It's Rainbow Cotton.
which is the, I would say the successor to Panorama Cotton, the rare one for the Mega Drive slash Genesis.
This is a remake of the one that came out for Dreamcast, which was released on January 20th, 2000 in Japan.
never got an American release.
You can play the original Dreamcast version or you can play an enhanced version.
It will have a rumble and speaker support for your controllers.
Cotton will be, of course, in full glorious 3D.
We also have a little sibling mode where you can play as Cotton and Silk together.
Silk usually floats around with her.
It's a little fairy friend.
But you can actually play as Silk.
And then not only can you listen to the original Japanese with subtitles,
They will also have subtitles in English, French, Spanish, Italian, and German.
It's a complete remaster.
Everything's going to be pretty.
It has all the stuff in it.
And they also, though, have, like I said, you can play the original one and that one is emulated to be exactly like it was.
So.
All right.
I love this game.
We imported this the moment I heard it was coming out, because it was the only way I could get something like panorama cotton at the time.
And it's adorable.
Like, I love the bonus rounds are still the same as they were in the other cotton games where you have to collect tea, tea cups.
And she goes, hello.
And, you know, subjugates fairies to do her bidding.
Who doesn't like to subjugate a fairy to do their bidding?
All right, sounds like a fun Friday night.
All right.
Anyway, let's talk about a follow up to something from last week's show.
We were joking about Team 0% and their journey on Super Mario Maker.
They may have to call themselves Team 0.001% because there's this one level they weren't able to beat.
Well, guess what?
Did they beat the level this week?
No, but they're claiming victory anyway because of a technicality.
Here's the thing, the one level that they were still unable to beat called Trimming the Herbs, you might remember that was the level they were trying to beat after time and time and time again, it was revealed this week that the creator had cheated and was able to upload the game to the server
Even though they hadn't actually beaten the level themselves.
So the level was confirmed to be a fake.
The level's creator owned up, Ahoyo was the level's creator's name, owned up to the fact that it was an illegitimate level and somehow was still able to be uploaded to the servers.
And they basically talk about that it was
ToolAssisted, or I don't know how they did it, but they cheated to get the level on the server.
And that's that.
But so this thing has been sitting on the server since 2017.
So no idea why it wasn't flagged sooner.
But yeah, so now because it has been officially unveiled that this level was a fraud,
I mean...
I feel that they should have still beaten it.
I mean, but, but, but they should have beat it with a TAS.
So just like, you know, just.
Fight fire with fire.
granted it's seven years later, but maybe they've done a lot of growing up in seven years.
I know I feel like I have too.
So you know, maybe they saw that this was in the news and they came clean on this.
So I'll at least say hey, glad they did that.
So these folks that were working so hard to get the 0% could feel good about the fact that they actually did do it.
All right.
Anyhow, let's travel around the world and check out some release dates and some games that are coming out a little sooner to hopefully replace the hole that Mario Maker Wii U might be leaving in your heart.
Yeah, let's start with the US.
We've got a few things.
So starting off on PC, we have Boomer Road.
Also, Not A Lot, which is a robot game.
And then my favorite of these three games, Doronko Wanko, which is a game where you play as a Pomeranian and you imagine Splatoon, but with a Pomeranian and you're trying to mess up a house and make it as dirty as possible.
Sounds fun.
I take the wanko would be like the one one you know like the bark sound that a dog makes in Japanese.
Possibly, but it looks adorable and now I have to wishlist it because it is on Steam.
So those are coming out this week.
We've got Bulwark Falconeer Chronicles on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Grandia HD Collection on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
Planet Zoo on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series.
South Park Snow Day on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Amiro Chocolate on Nintendo Switch
Mars2120 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series OpenRoads on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series Peppergrinder on PC and Nintendo Switch We've got, let's see...
It's like Chia, Tachia on PC and that's it.
Sorry, I was muted for a minute there, but I'm now obsessed with this trailer for this.
What is this?
Duranco Wonko, where yes, we're watching the little dog and sorry, sorry to those that are on the podcast feed, but you can look up the trailer.
It's on YouTube where we're watching this itty bitty cute little Pomeranian dog just fuck up this entire house.
That sounds like a Pomeranian, though.
I kind of need to play.
This is what Nintendogs should have been, to be quite honest.
In Japan, on the 26th, South Park Snow Day.
Also on the Nintendo Switch, on the 28th, Radirigi 2.
Regular and Limited Edition Prominstar Winning Post 10 2024
Mirochocolate is also out in Japan this week, and let's see, Muv Luv also gets a 20th Odyssey limited edition multi-language box.
I'm almost positive this game has come out before, so I'm thinking this is some type of box.
Oh yeah, it's Muv Luv and Muv Luv Alternative, so it's a couple games all in one.
We also have Aquarium coming out in Japan on the 28th.
and let's look at the PlayStation 5 real quick and see what releases are there.
As expected, the South Park Snow Day is out in Japan as well on the PlayStation 5.
Ratatouille 2 is out there as well as Winning Post 10 2024.
And that's it.
Everything else I mentioned is only for Switch.
DarkSakura, how about the UK?
That's a handful of things.
On the 26th for the main four, we have South Park Snow Day.
On the 28th, we have on Switch, we have World War Z or World War Zed.
Also on the 28th for Switch, Outward Definitive Edition.
And then on PlayStation Switch on the 29th, we have Pocket Bravery.
Alright, we have a few more news stories for you and then we'll see if you all have any questions for us as if we haven't taken enough tangents tonight.
But what's the problem with a few more?
So we'll go over to Loki with another headline.
Yeah, apparently.
Well, it's I think it's been reported anonymously because they haven't said it yet from Rockstar Games.
But allegedly there is rumors that Grand Theft Auto 6 is going to be delayed into 2026.
And the reason for that is that they're behind schedule in as far as development goes.
And that is their claiming due to the lack of people returning to office.
I don't believe that, but whatever.
I mean, so, you know, there right now, employees are worried that they're going to have to get back into a crunch type of style of development, as is typical with these types of games.
But, you know, hopefully they said internally, it's pushing it back to late 2025 or 2026, maybe a possibility.
So I guess we'll have to wait and see what happens.
They're fine with waiting.
The reason is very silly.
Yeah, at the, you know, here we go.
Cue the quote.
The bad game is bad.
The good game is good forever.
You know, you don't know the drill.
If the delay is what needs to happen to keep the workers happy and healthy, this game is still going to sell billions of copies when it comes out.
Okay, maybe not that many, but still, it's going to break records.
But it's not about keeping the employees happy.
It's about keeping the shareholders happy.
And so we'll have to see what the shareholders want because they know best.
The shareholders better be watching what else happens in the industry with rushed games if they want to learn to fuck or mismanaged games because there's many of them out there you can draw from.
So like I would I would highly encourage because I'm sure this game is going to be chock full of ways to nickel and dime the audience with whatever they've got planned for Grand Theft 6 online.
It's going to be bad.
Don't fuck it up or you're going to lose everything.
Don't fuck it up.
Alright, last headline tonight is a bit of sad news, DarkSakura.
Yeah, so, um, the main character designer, um, for all the Tales games has died.
Um, Inomata Mutsumi, who, uh, did, uh, all the artwork, the character designs for those games.
It was on, uh, Sunday, March 10th, age 63.
And, um, it was apparently very sudden.
There were sketches that were left behind.
Um, and, uh,
She, uh, yeah, it was just really, really, uh, very quick and tragic for the family.
My heart goes out to the family.
Yeah.
What a, what a legendary gaming series as well.
This is a very, very sad news indeed to hear.
So.
Yeah.
RIP for sure.
All right.
Uh, and that's a very young age.
I know it doesn't seem young, but it's young.
So, um, it's very sad to hear that that was sudden.
Alright, well, hopefully on a happier note, we're going to get to your calls and questions and so forth in our listener roundtable.
If you would like to give us a call, you sure can on our Discord server over at vognetwork.com.
We usually take a moment to check in with any emails over at participate at orangelandradio.com.
I don't think we had any, but let me just double check.
Not a one.
Not a one.
Okay.
So if you want to send us an email for a future week, participate at OrangeLingerie.com is the place to do it.
I guess once in a while I should actually check Twitter to see if we're getting tweeted anything, but I don't know.
Usually it's just spam when I go in there, so we'll see.
Oh.
There was something in there, but it's, yeah, I'll have to respond.
See, this is what I get for not checking Twitter enough.
So anyways, that's that's it, I guess.
So I'm going to open it up to Discord over at VOGnetwork.com slash Discord if you'd like to give us a call.
Otherwise, Loki, do we happen to have any last minute stories?
Not really.
I mean, Stardew Valley got a major update recently to 1.6.
I don't know.
I don't follow.
I haven't played Stardew Valley in a long time, but it sounds cool.
That's all I got.
All right.
Um, let's see.
Um, I'm looking for a few different things, but I didn't really find too much myself.
Yeah, that's all right.
I felt like there was still like, mainly some bigger things going on this week, especially considering the last couple weeks, but it was also GDC happened this week.
So
Even though we don't usually get a ton of news out of that, usually when the industry gets together, there's some interesting things that happen, so we did have a couple headlines out of that.
Alright, well then with that, I won't draw it out any longer than it needs to be.
We'll go ahead and wrap it up for the night.
But we look forward to seeing everybody else back here next week for episode number 998, as we inch closer and closer to 1,000 weekly episodes.
Thank you again, I really can't stress that enough for being a part of it.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio tonight, please tell a friend or two, help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
So a nice five star review on a site like iTunes,
or Spotify or wherever it is you found this podcast goes an awful long way.
So we really appreciate it.
Let's go around and get final thoughts at this point.
DarkSakura, your final thoughts tonight.
Words.
Oh, and I'm going to be old after OLR is old.
Yeah, April's a big month, isn't it?
Yep.
All right.
Well, have a good stream tonight.
Okay, bye.
Bye.
Okay.
I will.
I look forward to seeing everybody and I have some things to talk about.
So, yeah.
All right.
Bye.
Loki, we'll then go to you.
You have your final thought for tonight?
I'm busy.
Getting busy.
Hopefully, I'm hoping to finish up that first ride this week.
Hoping.
Good times.
My final thought for tonight is I took the shrink wrap off my Final Fantasy VII Rebirth finally.
So I think the streams are going to start this week after me waiting for a little bit so that people that are very, very spoiler averse kind of have enough time to get through or at least get a lot further in the game than I'll be when I start streaming it this week.
So please look forward to that.
I'm excited to jump in and play because I've heard a lot of good things about it.
And I've heard it's very easy to get distracted for a very long time.
So we'll see how that goes.
But anyway, thank you again, of course, for listening to our show and being here and supporting it, whether it was on the podcast feed or live.
We really appreciate you and we will be back to do it all again in just seven days.
Bobby Blackwolf has let us know he will not be here next week live.
So we'll be starting right at nine o'clock Eastern, six o'clock.
Do not be alarmed if you don't see Bobby next week for the folks that are here live.
It's just going to go right into our show at the normal time.
So we'll see you then.
In the meantime, have a great week, everybody.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
