Kids these days.
Back in my day, we didn't have the world's information in our hands at all times.
We only had to deal with bomb drills and sometimes threats, and have our friend come to our car in the high school parking lot and tell us a plane hit the World Trade Center.
We didn't have to deal with doxing, swatting, and even greater threat of school shootings, nor being bullied for not having rare or expensive Fortnite skins.
This is the We Live In A Society intro.
Now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Summers, and Loki to tell you about kids these days and the rest of the week's gaming news.
Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice,
Wow, this episode is gonna be dark.
Hi everybody out there on the internet.
Welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
We are live and back after a week off once again with episode number 994 of our show tonight for March the 3rd of 2024.
My name is Rob Roberts and I'm feeling refreshed and relaxed after being gone on a cruise last week.
I'm back here tonight to talk about video games with you all with my pals that join me every week, weekend and week out.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Sup?
Sup?
How are you doing?
Um,
I'm all right.
I actually threw out my back last week.
And I've been on a kind of semi reclining rest.
So I've actually started feeling better.
I've been able to get back to doing at least like some of my PT stuff for my back physical therapy.
and I've become addicted to a game I'll tell you about in a bit.
Ooh, can't wait to hear.
Well, I hope you're able to make the most of the OLR not happening last week.
Hopefully that wasn't the same time you threw out your back and you were able to enjoy yourself.
That was right after I threw out my back.
Oh, oh, well.
Well, at least, hey, it gave you an opportunity to rest up for the night, I guess.
Well, let's also check in with the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi.
Did you enjoy a week off, Loki?
I mean it was a week off.
It's not great internet is kind of weird like in my stateroom I don't know if it was because of where we were located on the boat or whatever it did not work very well it was very hard for very slow like I could get internet but it was crappy but when I was out and about especially
on the sun deck, you know, deck 11, which, you know, you're outside at that point, it worked great, which I mean, of course, satellite data, there's a lot to be said about that.
But But of course, it's not my phone directly on the satellite.
So anyway, but for whatever reason, it worked outdoors, much better than did in my stateroom.
And that's I saw a push notification come in.
And I was like, Oh, yeah, Loki is going to be live today.
But sorry, I didn't try to watch because on demand video is a lot for cruise ship.
Right?
I imagine.
Yeah.
But did you have a good stream?
Yeah, it was all right.
Took down trees.
Oh, there you go.
Fun, fun.
Yeah, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says it's Starlink on Royal Caribbean.
It is and I I did not realize that because they call it something else.
So I didn't realize that until after I'd already bought it.
And then I was like,
Can't believe I gave that guy's company any money at all.
But you can't really put a price on being able to access the blink cameras and get pictures of your cats whenever you need them, which is the actual reason why we get internet on the cruise ship.
Because I know there's some people out there that would say, why do you need internet on a cruise ship?
You're on vacation, stay off the internet.
Nope, we need the internet to check in on cats.
That is, that is it.
So
That's why it's needed.
But thankfully, technology will allow you to do that.
So, well, I hope everybody had a great week off and had some good gaming.
I know there's been a lot of big stuff that's come out in the last couple weeks, especially Final Fantasy VII Rebirth.
We will talk about our gaming weeks in just a moment.
I will talk more about my cruise as well.
I know Bobby Blackwolf teased a story on last week's show.
I don't even know if my co-hosts know what happened, but I will share kind of a
a pretty deep thing that happened on the cruise this last week.
I'm going to talk about that during gaming weeks.
But since this is a video game podcast, let's get into the actual gaming news, which unfortunately, this this is the broken record story that just won't go away as much as we want it to.
And Loki, would you mind taking the reins here and telling us about another really unfortunate situation this week to start us off?
Uh, so yeah, so Sony is reducing their staff by about 900 people or 8% of their workforce.
Uh, this was announced by Jim Ryan, um, the president and CEO of Sony Interactive Entertainment.
It's going to, uh, also as a result of that, multiple games have been canceled as well.
Some of those like,
It's a lot of them were like live service games and some we've already kind of heard about that were being canceled.
Like, for example, the I think it was the Last of Us live service game was one of them.
I don't remember some of the other ones, but a lot of the ones I heard were like live service type of games.
Didn't they go from like they had said 10 live service games at one point?
Now they're like five.
I remember that being a thing.
Something like that.
Yeah.
We heard about these layoffs is that they were going to reduce the number of those games.
Yeah.
And then what was it also?
You know, London Studio, I know, was affected by that as well.
I think they closed the whole studio down, if I remember correctly.
But yeah, that sucks.
And I guarantee this is not going to be the last.
And it just seems to be the trend.
Just all these gaming companies laying off a bunch of people.
And then, of course, you have the other side of that, which we'll get into later.
But a lot of these gaming companies have really talented people, and they go on to form their own independent studios that do great things.
But that's not going to be as much as I've tried to say that as a, you know, that sometimes out of these crappy situations come diamonds.
The reality is that's not going to be not everybody's in a situation to be able to make their dream indie game.
And that's just not going to be the reality for a lot of people.
Unfortunately, some people are going to leave more than some people are going to end up leaving the gaming industry and going into, I don't know, banking.
Microsoft Layoffs
And I seem to remember that, you know, we heard that the federal government was going to come after Microsoft for that because, well, you said in your Activision Blizzard acquisition, remember, the government still wants to stop the Activision Blizzard acquisition by Microsoft.
It's too late, isn't it?
It really is.
But they still want to stop it at this point.
And if they really want to, like, stop things from merging that have merged like already after a long period of time, can we like
do it.
I want the government to go after the Willy Wonka experience too.
I don't care that that was in Europe.
Actually, no, you laugh, but I do think the government needs to do something about the AI ads misrepresenting.
If you haven't seen the meme about the Wonka experience, it's everywhere right now.
It's so big I even read about it on Blue Sky.
It doesn't even have to be like an AI ad, it just, it's just, the AI part is not even necessarily a part of it, aside from like, it just like, yeah, but it's false advertising.
Things get misrepresented all the time, but AI makes it easier to falsely advertise.
I very recently on BlueSky and the TWAT site posted a video from the Wall Street Journal on how to spot AI content, video content.
Oh, AI video content.
Interesting.
I always feel like it's referring back to the the new Sage thing that's being put out by the ChatGTP people.
I always still feel like I can tell.
I haven't done a lot with video, though, to be honest.
But at least the pictures, I feel like it's it's odd.
And the thing that really annoys me is that on Facebook all the time, people do this shit on Facebook for clout reposts.
And it works because I see my friends doing it.
For example, I just saw one today that was like,
It was a picture of a pretend Mummy 4 poster, like another Mummy movie with Brendan Fraser, which I think a lot of us would like to see.
I don't know if they've actually confirmed one or not, but this site is posting the poster like it's the real poster.
And if that is happening, I guarantee you they haven't shot a single frame of it, nor they've taken a promo photo.
I get a ton of those, a ton of those where they will fake AI movie posters.
It's so infuriating that like people
Well, and it's also sad that people fall for it constantly.
But anyway, I tried to go back to Facebook and it didn't last.
It lasted like three weeks.
I honestly, I don't blame you.
There's just a lot on social media that's irritating.
But anyway, we're digressing a little bit from what the story is about the layoffs.
And I was talking about Microsoft and, you know, how the government was going to, you know, use this as additional ammo in their campaign.
I actually kind of think
This PlayStation thing now kind of ends that argument because now Microsoft can simply point and say our biggest competitor in this space has done the same thing.
This is an industry epidemic, not something as a result of the buyout.
And I think the government's case is done with that.
Thank you for watching!
Nintendo
So far in this wave, we're not hearing anything.
And then of course you you can't help but think when presented with you can't help but think of Satoru Iwata when he was with us and how he took the pay cut and the other executives took the pay cut because the Wii U underperformed and they did the pay cut as opposed to doing layoffs.
And it's it's hard not to have that be front of mind in light of everything that's going on right now.
and yes to acknowledge what's being said in chat because of course we do tape live every Sunday night at The Voice Geeks Network twitch.tv slash VOG Network nine o'clock Eastern six o'clock Pacific right after the Bobby Blackwell show E3VL says Nintendo work culture is different especially in Japan pay cut is normal in Japanese culture yes but unfortunately as of now
And I say as of now because I think there's a lot of people getting pissed off about this.
It may not be a thing in the next few years, but I think this will be a thing in our lifetime.
It's not a thing in American culture.
But I think you're going to hear more thing.
I think you're really starting to see a push for a lot of people are sick and tired of it.
And you're going to hear a push for things like maximum wage, and you know, severely taxing those that profit off of these systems that I there's a whole other soapbox for that.
And a lot of podcasts talking about that.
But the those tea leaves and everything reading that will absolutely trickle down into the gaming industry.
I mean, look at how much Bobby Kotick, who had a hand in ruining this industry, look at how much he walked away with and tell me that the vast majority of, I'm gonna say decent gamers, meaning people that don't, you know, just shitpost on Twitter all day and all this stuff, the massive bulk of decent gamers aren't in some way pissed off and see the injustice in Bobby, or Bobby Kotick, I almost said Bobby Blackwolf, I'm sorry, Bobby, but I was reading chat.
Bobby Kotick walking away with all that money.
Bobby Blackwolf deserves a raise for the record.
I just want to be very clear on the difference between the two Bobbies.
Anyway, Bobby Blackwolf, though, does plan this was the comment I was reading that caused me to almost say his name in place of the other Bobby saying Sony didn't lay off any of their Japanese employees, only their US, UK and Europe employees.
That is interesting.
Let's go back to that for a minute because I find the Sony changes in Europe very interesting.
I think a lot of us are sitting here looking at all this news that's happening going, why?
Why?
And this is the this is the big question, right?
I think if we had all the answers to this, maybe we could in some way stop this.
But why?
And certainly I'm looking at like Sony London, knowing that they did a lot with VR.
Am I am I incorrect in thinking pretty much all the first party Sony VR stuff came out of Sony London?
Unless maybe I know there was a few things at least that came out of Sony London for VR, even on the original PlayStation VR.
I'm trying to think of some of the other like conceptual things, um, came out of a different zoo.
I think for some, I think Sony London was pretty heavily involved with that.
And I, you know, again, I'm trying not to read too much into it, but I can't help but feel like Sony is not really talking about PSVR 2.
I don't know.
And I always said from the beginning, it's, you know, it's a nice piece of tech,
But it doesn't have the must-have game.
It doesn't have the fun factor to justify the prize.
I hear that there's a possibility that they're going to try to get that to work with PC as well.
That's huge.
If that happens, that would be amazing.
That would be amazing and that's how they can save that really good tech.
is
I think it's a lot of factors.
I think some could say COVID plays into it and I think maybe people projected a larger space for games and that, you know, being online together type of thing in COVID and everything that happened in 2020.
And I think maybe it lost sight of the fact that most people wanted to go back to the way it was before.
Of course, there's always going to still be people that, you know, are thrilled about how tech, well, I'm wording this poorly because of course, we're all thrilled that technology allows us to, you know, connect across great distances and all that.
And the way Zoom's taken off, it's not just for, you know, nerds anymore and all that stuff and comparable platforms.
But I think the gaming industry may have thought there was going to be a bigger space for online games that doesn't really exist because people are, for better or for worse, whatever you want to call it, going back to normal at this point.
So, you know, and especially with the CDC recommendations this week change, you know, really, we're just all over COVID at this point as a society, and it's going back to the way it was.
So and I think people's spending habits are reflecting that, but I don't think that's the sole thing to blame either.
I think what's really to blame.
I think every game thinks it can be Pokemon Go.
That's it.
Every game thinks it can be Pokemon Go.
Every CEO, every game developer, every person that's trying to make a game, every games as a service, everything is trying to be Pokemon Go.
And I get it, you can say what you will about Pokemon Go specifically, but I don't want you to think that specifically.
I'm using that as the everybody knows that example type of massive market appeal type of game.
that was able to drive the types of microtransactions that people are willing to pay.
And because people are willing to pay it in a game like Pokemon Go and a very specific subset of other games.
people are trying to slap that constantly print the money mechanic of Pokemon Go into every game.
And I think we know that.
We've seen the explosion of games as a service and battle passes in games.
Why do they need it?
Like Diablo four and you know, other, other types of, you know, DLC and cosmetic things that are ridiculous, ridiculously priced and so forth.
And, um,
Niantic NBA All World
because they thought people would want to do the Pokemon Go model in the NBA thing, and I'll tell you why that game fucking sucked.
And I say this as somebody who loves AR gaming and does an awful lot of it.
NBA All-World fucking sucked because at its core, it was a really shitty
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Well, that's also more of the reason, too, why they should be, you know, well, first off, not green lighting all of these live service games, because, you know, like Pokemon Go, that takes up a certain amount of time.
Like you cannot play.
I mean, usually you're not playing multiple games at the same time.
I mean, passively, maybe you can, but like actively playing these games, you only have time to play maybe one or two of them or something like that.
create 10 new live service games.
Sony, like you have a live service game, Destiny.
You're just cannibalizing yourself at this point.
Like you're obviously they're not all going to be successful.
And you know, if history shows us recently, even most of them are not.
And a lot of them are crap.
So like, you know, maybe don't do that.
Yeah, there's some really shitty calls happening in the gaming industry at the top levels of what games should we be making.
And at its core, I think what's driving a lot of these layoffs is the realization of maybe we shouldn't be making these games.
Oops.
and now frontline workers and hardworking artists, programmers, PR types of folks are paying the price because somebody at the top thought they could make the next money printing game just by making it.
And that's simply not true.
I will say though, and I'm not going to repeat too much of what he said on his show, because I'll forge you over to Bobby Blackwolf's show, because he's on before us live.
I thought he had a really interesting take on this, and I thought he was really right on, so I do kind of want to repeat it, but he was talking a little bit about how in this day and age, you have these very, very, very large budget games.
Final Fantasy VII Rebirth just came out this week, right?
Think about how many millions of dollars that game take to make.
And think about how many millions of dollars these other large AAA games take to make.
And the industry can't substantiate all of these AAA games.
The games that tend to succeed are the ones that are made with smaller teams.
And if you go back in the day to the Atari 2600 days, it took one person to make a lot of those games.
Howard Scott Warshaw programmed ET for better or worse by himself.
Art, music, game design, all of it by himself.
and David Crane, Pitfall, etc, etc.
The story goes on, you know, there were, to be fair to the folks in the 80s, there were, of course, people involved with PR, making the instruction manual, but I think you get my point.
You made a big game with a lot less people back in those days.
And then those games, when adjusting for inflation, those games were selling for like $90.
So, maybe even more, honestly.
Bobby gave some of the exact figures on his show.
But you know what I mean when we're talking about inflation, right?
What used to cost $50 back in the day costs a lot more now.
and now- I like what Bad Culture said too.
Oh, in chat over at twitch.tv.
I'm just going to repeat it because it's a joke.
Massive amounts of Coke.
That's right.
They consume so much Coca-Cola.
It just, you know, made Coke what it is today.
Which is true.
It's true.
And I'm not going to pick on this particular individual, but how do you think people met those six week deadlines on those games?
Drinking all that delicious Coca-Cola beverage product.
And cocaine.
Lots of cocaine.
Just gonna throw that out there.
There it is.
Questbuster always... They went on an 8-ball bender.
QuestBuster always points out, and this is correct too, to piggyback on what Rob is saying, back then selling 50 or 100K copies of a game for the PC was considered monumental.
And so on and so on.
And I think, you know, you guys get the point.
And again, I want to point at Bobby's show because I think he framed it very well and so forth.
And I would hope you're listening to both of our shows because, you know, I want to support all our pals here at VOG Network.
But at the end of the day, what it boils down to is that
All these companies want to make these very expensive games because they see them printing money like Pokemon Go, but the reality is Pokemon Go is something that happens once in a blue moon, or a Fortnite, you name it.
I know I keep coming back to Pokemon Go, but fine.
Fortnite, you know, the games that have been successful with it.
I was even dead by daylight on the Battle Pass front.
Actually, that game...
for what it is and the budget that that game was likely made on very well and very long running for that format.
But we all know for every Dead by Daylight, there's been easily 20 other horror games flopping.
It feels like a lot of it, like if you are focusing, obviously you want to be profitable as a company, but if what you're looking at is I'm looking to make money instead of I'm looking to make a game,
then you're going to get garbage is what you're going to get.
Well, you know, the video game industry and the movie industry often a lot more related than we'd like to think.
And I'm not just talking literally about how like a lot of great TV shows right now are based on video games.
I mean, where the movie industry tends to go, the video game industry tends to go.
This has been, if there's been one of a few themes that have come up in the 22 years we've been doing this show,
That's one of the big ones.
Where the movie industry goes, the video games tend to follow.
And you know what?
The movie industry is suffering a similar problem right now.
They're dealing with it in very different ways, but there's also a lot of layoffs happening, I want to say, with all the write-offs.
Didn't Warner Brothers actually lay off a bunch of people recently, too?
One of those companies did.
Sorry, somebody in chat will correct me, I'm sure.
Yay, internet.
But what I wanted to talk about was all these streaming services.
All these streaming services making these big budget productions, big budget productions.
And what is the movie industry now learning?
People don't want to subscribe to all of these fucking streaming services.
And it might not be profitable to make all of these big budget productions because people aren't going to go to a service necessarily just for one thing or they're going to watch it and then they're going to cancel it or so on.
It's probably a better idea
Paramount Plus and Peacock
if they actually were to combine.
So I'm all for Mt.
Cock.
A service with Drag Race and the traitors?
Sure.
But anyway, all joking aside about Mt.
Cock.
I feel like this is sadly through these layoffs where we see the game industry may actually be going.
It's hard to tell just yet.
I'm not willing to give the credit to the CEO of the gaming industries that they're getting it right.
I'm not willing to give that credit yet.
And I think we're years off from seeing that.
But I think the gaming industry is starting to realize
We need to be able to make smaller games that move a profitable amount of copies other than putting all of our money into games that will forever print money and then fucking shit the bed when they're released.
Well, and that's also kind of I think why we may see this move to more multi-platform stuff because you look at it like
Sure, you want to get people in on your, you know, if you're Sony or Microsoft, you want them in on your, you know, ecosystem, but you're not profitable on consoles.
Like, I don't think you really care about selling consoles or not.
So if you could just get your products
wherever people are playing games, then that's a win-win for you.
Certainly, though, if you're looking to get more of the money, buying a certain platform, for example, that's where they have those exclusives.
But I don't know if those are necessarily paying as much dividends as they used to.
So we may see a lot of these things go either exclusive for a short period of time or start really branching out multi-platform.
PC, maybe even other consoles, you know, especially if we see Microsoft having success with that, with what they're doing.
Sony's already experimented with that a little bit with MLB, but I don't think this is the end of that for sure.
reading some comments in chat over Twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
There's a lot of comments about release Coyote versus Acme and Batgirl, damn it, says PodCulture.
Bobby said the first comment there.
E3VL talking about Netflix having crossover content recently.
There's a lot of those streaming services are picking up international shows too, which is a big, big thing.
But this comment made me laugh.
DarkTosuya in chat said, I would be okay that we have Paramount Plus through Walmart and wouldn't mind subbing to the cock.
using apostrophe cock.
Peacock, you are missing a brilliant marketing opportunity.
You could have these ads with like all of these very overtly heterosexual men talking about, yeah, man, are you subbing to the cock?
Let's go over to Matt's house tonight because he's got the cock and they could do, it could be this whole thing.
And then they're going over there to watch what?
Football games that are streamed on Peacock, WWF, and all the very manly things that you can only find on the cock.
here's the problem is what is peacock doing?
macho little man babies would flip their lid they're like oh my god they're trying to make me woke and gay i can't have this like it just you made me think about cocks oh no
Now I am gay!
Oh, those liberals, dammit, they've done it again!
You know, like, it's... that's the problem.
That's the society we live in.
If it was, like, the 1990s or something like that, sure, like, that type of joke would be perfectly fine on television, but, uh, unfortunately, people are too, like... I don't know.
Uptight, I guess.
I'm sorry.
You know, I-I just... I can't help but think about...
All these panels I've done over the years talking about podcasts at places like DragonCon and stuff.
And I always, I always tell people when you're going to start a podcast, you need to think about not just the name of your podcast, but you need to think about what is going to make your podcast different from, and I swear there's a point here, what's going to make your podcast different from other podcasts.
And you should always have that movie poster line.
right?
There's always that movie poster line under the name, you know, like Poltergeist, they're here is like the little thing, right?
You always have that little line under it, right?
And how much do I believe now the line that should be under Orange Lounge Radio is woke and gay?
I've heard
to our channel tags.
Yeah.
Woke and gay.
DarkSakura, what would you say, if you could, if you could summarize the secret to having a very successful 22 year long running podcast in just three words, what three words would you pick?
Two words.
What?
Shrug emoji.
I pitched you the perfect setup.
Swing and a miss.
That's all right.
Woke and gay.
All right.
Woke and gay.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Anyway, uh, looking in chat over at twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
Tigerclaw says Walmart buying Vizio means that you'll see a lot of Walmart advertisements on those TVs plastered everywhere.
Oh, and there's gonna get video games.
Same thing.
That's how they make some of the money back ads and gamings and all that stuff.
Yeah, yeah, all of it.
All of it.
All right.
Anyway, it sucks that these layoffs are happening.
I hope it's not the end of it.
Unfortunately, it's not the end of it.
I think as much as I've been talking about, oh, Nintendo's been to me, I think we'll probably hear something on that front.
I hope not.
But I'm going to just accept the reality.
It's probably coming.
I would imagine that these will die down after the end of March.
Fiscal year.
Fiscal year.
I think they're trying to pad the numbers a bit to make them look more profitable than they are by doing these layoffs.
And I think once they've passed that mark and they've given the numbers to their investors that it should calm down a little bit for a few months.
But like, you know, eventually they'll have to deal with reality again.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was a little blue.
It was a little blue.
I'll get a little bit more into that, but basically...
I, of course, I played Dead by Daylight.
And I played some Genshin Impact.
But I played something else that has significantly taken up my attention.
What that thing is is Avatar, Frontiers of Pandora.
Okay.
And honestly,
I freaking love it.
It's... It's really just... I don't really...
I don't really have a way to describe it.
It's got all of the exploration and puzzling of, you know, like, Breath of the Wild and Tears of the Kingdom.
And it has a lot more of the realism and kinda combat-y stuff for folks who like to play those combat-y games, you know?
It's, uh...
And for me, you know, I like sort of, I've been trying to think of how I like, how I say it was sort of like the artificial sociology.
Does that make sense?
You know, like created cultures and things like that.
I have to say I,
I really got into it.
Those are the kinds of things that I like in a game.
And it took all of my favorite things that I liked in the movies and just smashed them all into one thing and it's really, really freaking pretty.
Like, I can't get over it.
And I've sat and played
DarkSakura
I just really don't know what to say.
It's just been really nice.
No, I mean, really fun.
If nothing else, like even I still haven't haven't even seen the second Avatar movie.
But one thing I know about Avatar, it's pretty.
And sometimes you want to play a video game.
Why?
Because it's pretty.
And I get there's probably more in-depth stuff, especially for somebody who I know you were a fan of the first movie and so forth, you know, and all of that.
There's, yeah, there's a lot of there's probably a lot of lore and things to unpack.
So it's but it's it's also pretty, you know, so I think there's there's a lot of that.
Questbuster in chat says Avatar Frontiers is still on my list.
I love open box sandboxes.
And yeah, I think especially with that particular IP, and the reason why a lot of people are drawn to Avatar, I think an open box sandbox in that universe is really what, you know, there's there's certain people that are really looking for that a lot of people.
SSJ100 says sometimes a shiny comes along and distracts you from your main quest.
That happens a lot, but what I like about it is that you also don't really necessarily have, like, A-level systems, per se.
You discover things that increase your health, you upgrade your armor, so a little bit more realistic as to how well you do.
You know, you find better craftsmen or better quality materials to craft with.
And...
But I like doing all of the, like, clan things.
And, like, my brain is just, like, has been, like, super, like, I want more story for the character I'm playing, you know?
I want to give her a name, for example.
I want to, you know, they just call her by her clan name, which, you know, she and these other kids that were kidnapped are the only people left.
So, I mean, it could be she or he or they or whatever you want, but I've just, I've been just all over the place.
They had a non-binary Navi in the game.
I thought that was cool.
And didn't treat it like it was anything special, you know.
They just said, oh, they are here.
And when you talk to them,
You can't tell.
You know.
They seem really androgynous to me.
And I thought that was handled well.
And like, if you try to go to a place that maybe is at the boundary or something, they have a legitimate reason for it.
Like, oh, this is too far for your ikran to travel to, or blah blah blah.
And...
And it's just been... Just, I don't know.
I just have so much fun with it.
Down to the riding the Dire Horses, to, you know, the whole quest that took me for freaking ever to tame your Ikran, or not tame, but to bond with one.
And also it gives a really good message to it, because, you know, when you go to take down these sites by, you know, the RDA, the humans that are trying to be shitholes, you know,
The area around it is polluted and sapped of energy and you can't use any of the materials that you find there except for like sticks.
And then when you take it down, everything is reclaimed.
So I think that, you know, it really drives into about how people want more of things that they don't need instead of being happy with what they have.
And I think that that's, you know, that's pretty interesting too.
So, uh, you know, certainly moral lessons trying to be taught in it that may not appeal to everybody, but I don't know.
I like it.
I'm cool with it.
It's, it's, I'm having a lot of fun.
That's it.
That's it.
That's the word right there.
Video games are supposed to be fun.
And if that's fun and how you're having fun,
That's it.
You don't gotta justify that to anybody.
I was just also going over some of the high points of the game.
And the thing that I like is that you do not have to beat the game right away.
You don't have to beat any of the things.
You can just run around and go hunting if you want to.
And you can bring back like the things that you gather and give it to different camps and and home like the home tree or the base camp for another group or and It's just really really I don't know.
I just think that's fun.
You kind of get to live in in
in their, you know, bare feet for a little while.
Which is, I remember after that first movie came out, that's what some people really wanted to do, was live in that world, you know, and video games are a way to kind of do that a little bit, so.
Well, and one other thing that's important as well, that first game that came out is considered non-canon.
This is considered canon.
Like, they bring in all kinds of stuff in the movies and it's set between the first and second movie.
All right, well, let's move on.
And if that's it for your gaming week, we'll talk to Loki.
And how was your gaming week?
I just played Minecraft, as usual.
That all?
It's that.
That's it.
Yeah, I've been working on just the big build for my first Dark Ride, which is taking a lot of time.
I'm actually editing together another episode now that's kind of in between all that stuff.
And just been
Messing around in the game.
About it.
Haven't done anything exciting.
Nice.
Alright, cool.
Final Fantasy XIV
I've also been playing a bit of Diablo 4.
I've expressed on this show before I was not a fan of the current season compared to the other two, and I'm still not.
But they've really tried to make some changes to make it a bit more palatable, make it less annoying with some of the platform mechanics.
Again, I think just at its core, putting the platform mechanics in the game was really bad idea.
And I think, but I think
I think the creators are getting the message loud and clear.
It's not on our show roll tonight, but they're going to be doing a public test realm for the next season.
And I think that's huge because I think it shows that they want to get feedback before they actually launch it.
They're not trying to be so secretive.
They're also making huge changes when it comes to things like itemization.
So I think that that is all very welcome.
I still want to finish the battle pass for this particular season because, yes, I did buy the battle pass, but I love Diablo.
And even when I'm not super into the season as much as others, it's still very, like, I get in that zone.
I think very similar to, you know, what you hear my co-hosts talk about the games that they enjoy.
You get in that zone, and it's just like, just slaying the demons and, you know, clicking and seeing the numbers go up is a very just mind-numbingly wonderful thing.
So what I can talk about here instead, I want to take a little bit of a tangent train because I want to talk about the cruise because I know last week we weren't here and I was talking to Bobby Blackwolf on Discord and I told him in a couple sentences something that happened and he kind of left you with a teaser on last week's show and that was true.
And I'm going to go ahead and tell you the story now exactly what all went into that.
And I know my co host may be wondering what the hell are you talking about?
I'll cover it.
But I just want to preface this by saying, the day that it happened, I thought that this would be like a funny story, I would be able to tell a lot.
But I'm going to tell a story.
And in this story, I almost die.
This is a very, I'm, this is not, um,
hyperbole.
This is like a legit thing that happened.
I'm going to explain it here.
And for that reason, I've been having trauma the past couple nights and difficulty trying to sleep.
It's getting better since the incident happened.
But there were a few nights after that, that like I was like legit having nightmares and kind of reliving the experience and so forth.
So I'm telling this now because I'm fine with this being recorded and out there because I'm not sure how often I want to tell this story again.
And I probably will not be telling this story, even though there are some interesting celebrity twists to it.
I will not be telling this story on at work, because if I do, I'm going to have to tell it in every meeting I go to.
I'm not going to be telling this with the Rocky Horror and Love Horror crowd or even certain groups of people that know me IRL, because I just I'm going to be sick of telling it at a certain point.
But I am going to tell it now because I promised I would.
So here's what happened.
I'm going to tell you about the Curaçao incident.
So the boat for this cruise that we were on was scheduled to stop in two places.
We were going to Curaçao and we were going to go to Aruba.
And obviously, when you go on a cruise ship, you try to plan what are you going to do for those few hours while you're in these different places.
Curacao was one of the places that we were going.
And the official excursions, that's what they call it when you're going to go on a shopping adventure or you're going to go on a boat tour or something, the official excursions through the Royal Caribbean who did the cruise.
And by the way, I think everybody knows this at this point, but for any new listeners, I was on a Star Trek themed cruise.
Very important, right?
All these actors, it's like a floating convention type of thing.
All the excursions for Curacao were sold out long in advance.
So sometimes what people will do is they'll put together like a private excursion.
They go out and they find these other types of things that can happen.
And so a trusted friend was putting together this excursion to go on a powerboat trip
Out around the island of Curaçao.
And it was going to be about 18 of us.
And as part of this trip, we were going to get to have an opportunity to do some snorkeling in what they call the Blue Cave, which is a very, like one of those, and you see these things in books, like it's this underwater cave with blue tinge and a blue hue.
And, you know, just the fish you can see when you're snorkeling, like a turtle at the bottom of the ocean and all this stuff with the Blue Cave and everything.
So when I saw the pictures, I was like, Oh, hell yes, I want to do this.
And we'll be with friends.
I mean, it won't just exclusively be friends, because I think the boat held 18 people.
So the friend was really trying to fill it out.
So it was like, maybe not everybody I would know, but I would know most of the people and everybody's a Star Trek nerd anyway.
So, you know, we're all gonna, you know, kind of be in a similar kind of mindset nerds going out on an adventure.
So we get to Curacao.
We're walking to find the boat.
We have a hard time finding it because of its construction, but thanks to maps, we find it.
We get there.
And actually, before we're actually walking over there, we're getting in the waiting area.
And I see that one of the people that's waiting with us is, this is more just an interesting kind of part of the story.
One of the people waiting is Garrett Wong.
And if you don't know that name, he played a character on Star Trek Voyager, Harry Kim.
So if you ever saw Star Trek Voyager, you might remember Harry Kim.
The joke is that he was never promoted throughout the entirety of the show and so forth.
He even does a stand up bit on that.
That was an actor that played that role named Garrett Wong.
He actually still he he's very heavy in Star Trek fandom.
He goes to Dragon Con and all this stuff.
So he was waiting in the area come to find out he was a friend of a friend and was actually coming on this excursion with us.
which is just kind of like, I don't, I don't usually guess.
Yeah.
Right.
Like I don't get starstruck or any of that stuff really, you know, once in a blue moon, I did meet LeVar Burton on this cruise.
And that was like the one day I was starstruck.
I was like LeVar Burton in many ways, like, like literally after school was teaching, he was an educator.
He was a teacher.
He was one of my favorite teachers, right.
Through reading rainbow.
And I think people of a certain age, you know, associate that with LeVar Burton, but anyway, so
So I get starstruck with him.
But you know, like people like Garrett, I'm like, whatever, he goes to Dragon Con like me, and he participates with tracks.
He just has this very unique job that he did in his 20s, and continues to dabble in and so forth.
So there's a boat, friends, Garrett, going out in the ocean.
Curacao, beautiful water.
Oh my god, like just blue water that you would only see in fucking books and stuff.
It was it was amazing stuff.
We go.
We're on a boat and it's rocking up and down because it's like it's like being on a roller coaster, right?
We get to after probably a good 20 minutes, and I'm watching us on the map, we're going like halfway around the island, we get to where the blue cave is.
And this is very exciting, because this is why I wanted to see from all the picture books and all this stuff.
But there's a problem.
You see, the boat is only able to go inside the blue cave when it's low tide.
when it's high tide, the boat can't go in the cave.
However, what the excursion folks do is that they park the boat, where it is safe to do so where the water is, you know, deep enough to put the anchor down and you know, whatever it's trade, they can't do it right next to the cave, they have to do it a significant distance from the cave.
And they park there.
And what you do is that you you get out into the ocean and you snorkel
Sorry, I accidentally hit the mute button while I was talking to my hands.
You get out of the boat and you snorkel your way over to the cave.
Okay, and then you have to like hold your head as you go under the rock so you can actually get into the cave because the water is that high, right?
And they actually suggest you can go out with a life preserver on but if you do it, it's going to be almost impossible for you to actually get under the rock and get inside the blue cave.
So a few of my friends take off and they start, you know, doing their snorkel thing and they're going over there and so forth.
And, you know, I'm kind of thinking, well, my snorkeling experience isn't very vast, but I'm probably in better physical shape than I've been in my entire life ever since I lost the weight for diabetes.
I do, you know, I've been swimming enough where I trust my abilities to do so and so forth.
So my friends kind of go.
But because we were having a conversation,
Some of the other people were already pretty much on their way towards the blue cave and almost over there.
There was a contingent of people left in the boat looking for life preservers because they they wanted to go but they didn't they were like we don't care we want to get close enough but we don't need to go in like we'll wear the life jackets.
So I finally decide to get in the water and I start going.
And I go and I'm swimming and I'm a decent swimmer.
I get about halfway to where the cave is.
And my problem is, is that I'm using really cheap rental snorkel gear that I'm not super comfortable with using and doing.
And I start to have a pretty bad mishap.
Water starts getting in my tube, the snorkeling tube.
DarkSakura
continue.
And I notice I am halfway exactly between the boat and the blue cave.
And I say, you know what, I'm going to head back to the boat.
Because the boat, I know what's there, the blue cave, I don't know what's there.
I don't know if my friends are over there able to stand on things they weren't, or what they could do, I need to go back to the boat.
So I start to go back to the boat.
but my problems start to compound and I start to panic more and my legs start burning and they're hurting and I realize I'm in trouble.
And I'm starting to get overwhelmed.
And this is the moment where I noticed the excursion director, she saw what was happening.
She started immediately swimming towards me, she knew what was happening.
And I'm trying to float on my back a little bit, because that I do know how to do to try to stay but because of the rough waters, it being high tide, I was having a real problem doing that without water going where it shouldn't be and panicking almost a little bit more.
So then it happens, I start screaming, help, help, help.
And I hear from the boat, are you serious?
Yes, because there were still people in the boat.
Remember, just about four or five people in the boat.
And yes, and I'm frantically kicking around and so forth.
So one of the people still in the boat, by the way, is Garrett Wong.
He was one of the people that was looking for life preserver and another friend.
Now, in my mind,
I get tossed a life jacket.
Well, that happened.
That wasn't in my mind.
In my mind, I saw the life jacket being thrown by Garrett Wong.
But later that night at dinner, I found out it was a different friend of a friend, Greg, who actually threw the life jacket, but Garrett was standing next to him.
And throws me the life jacket, and I'm able to grab onto it, so I have something to kind of like float in the water with.
And finally, the lady kind of makes her way to me and is able to kind of push me there.
I get to the ladder, and I get pulled up by Greg and Garrett, basically pull me up over the boat thing, and I make it.
I'm back on the boat, and I'm A-OK.
But, um, as you can imagine, I'm, my heart rate is through the roof.
And as a result, I'm getting nauseous from everything that's going on.
Um, and I'm dying of embarrassment is really what it is.
I'm dying of embarrassment.
Like it's, it's not even the fact that it's like a, a certain type of celebrity, but like all my friends and I like thought I could do this thing, but the situation compounded and just got completely out of control.
And I just like,
you know, I was just all those things.
I was just like, freaking out, right.
And finally, I calmed down.
And you know, those that wanted to keep going, they did, they got back out to the cave, including Garrett and everybody, they got their life jackets on, they went to the cave, did their thing, and came back, Alan was still on the boat, able to help me, which was fine.
And once the boat starts to take off, and we go to our second and third destinations, which I didn't try to do this again, they asked me, do I want to put on a life jacket and try I said, you know what, fool me once,
But fool me twice, I'm a dumb bitch, so I'm not gonna do this again.
So I stayed in the boat and actually once the boat got moving again, my nausea kind of cleared up.
It was a really weird thing.
Interestingly enough, I wasn't the only one who got nauseous.
One of my other friends who did the swim the whole way out and back, his heart rate got so high as a result, he actually
Black Over the Boat
Everybody assured me it was fine.
These things happen.
They were just concerned about my well-being and so forth.
But I was certainly dying of experience.
And that was definitely a scary experience.
And, you know, should I have probably known better?
Probably.
But at the same time, I'm watching all of my friends in various states of athletic
Sizzum, you know, doing this and I was like, Oh, I won't have a problem doing this.
And I did.
And it was it was really the snorkel spot.
I should have been more prepared for what the snorkeling would actually entail.
And I wasn't.
And so like, if it was going to be like that, I should have just swam normally or something.
I don't know.
But anyway, like I said, I, I've been replaying that incident a couple times since then.
And even though the day it happened, it was one of those like, oh, this is funny, because it was and we were joking about like, I even talked with Garrett about it afterwards.
And we were because we were talking about Dragon Con and some other stuff that we have in common.
And I was joking about, you know, Garrett, I'm gonna have to tell this story.
And I'm going to embellish it.
And I'm going to talk about how you saved my life with mouth to mouth resuscitation.
and all this stuff right you know and so forth i'm joking he's like oh yeah that's funny you should do it you should tell this story so forth but like in the days that have followed it i'm like i i i actually don't like talking about this so but there you go i promised the story there um there it is and it is i will say this it's interesting like if i'm gonna embarrass myself do it fucking bigly
on a big scale, right?
So here it is has nothing to do with video games, but I know some of you are curious, the rest of the cruise was fine.
I don't like I don't want to make it sound like it ruined everything.
But it was just definitely one of those like humbling moments of like, oh, I'll have to take some notes and remember some things for next time.
And read the fine print on what an adventure might actually entail and all that stuff.
So anyway,
All right.
Yeah.
And Bobby says, I didn't hear the whole thing.
I wouldn't have teased it otherwise.
Not your fault.
I told you to tease it because literally when I was texting you, I was still on the boat, Bobby.
Like that had just happened.
Like 30 minutes.
Because I knew you were live or were about to be I don't remember what the time change and everything because yeah, but I knew it was like coming up and so forth.
So
E3VL in chat says, did you sue the snorkeling rental company?
No, why would I?
Nobody forced me to do that.
And you know, I can sit here and say, well, the snorkel rent stuff was cheap.
But
She did do what she needed to do to make sure I wasn't going to drown.
Don't forget that part of the story.
She instantly saw what was happening and intervened in the situation.
So I'm no, I don't like I don't blame the company.
So that's that.
And I realized having that recorded means I could never take any and that's I don't I don't want to.
It's, you know, I
made a bad decision.
It happens.
So, um, SEO 100 Matt says, glad you're safe.
Sorry that happened to you.
And sorry about the trauma it's caused after.
It's okay.
You know, I've actually, because I did tell the story to some friends the other night, I actually found out a friend of mine had a almost exact same thing experience minus the Star Trek connection on a different cruise.
Like, and he says, that's why I'll never go snorkeling again.
That was the, that was the most ridiculous.
So anybody that's interested in snorkeling,
Do a lot of practice before you do something like that, or know what the alternatives are, or what have you.
Don't just, yeah, do it.
You know what my secret is?
I'm not interested in snorkeling.
and Lesson Learned because I'm of two mindsets because there's definitely that one half of Rob.
After that happened, I was like, I'm going back home.
I'm taking swimming lessons.
I'm going to swim once a week at the gym.
I'm going to build up that strength I need.
And I'm going to do this again next year.
And I'm going to fucking kick this thing's ass.
I'm definitely there's there's a half of me that was very much like the competitive Rob's like, No, I'm doing this again.
And I'm going to do it right.
But I think I've more landed on the other half.
That's like,
You know what?
At one point in my life, I ate mayonnaise and I said, this is fucking disgusting.
I never want it again.
And here I am at one point in my life, I did a snorkeling excursion and I decided, you know what?
Next time I'm going to stick with the fucking shopping excursion because I know that that's for me and that's something that I'm going to do.
But you know what?
I tried.
I think I probably would have been more pissed off if I had gone all the way out there and then decided not to try at all.
I know that sounds really weird to say, considering what happened, but I can't help but feel like I would have, like, regretted, like, not trying.
So.
Anyway.
There you go.
There's the story.
We can talk about video games again.
Well, I'm glad you made it back.
Okay, you know, I do appreciate it.
Again, if you know me in real life, you know, because I do have several real life friends, please understand.
I'm not in a rush to tell that story again.
So don't ask.
That's my nice way of saying don't ask.
All right.
I will say this as someone who lives with permanent PTSD.
I'm not
Being able to talk about it or finding that you lose words or not being able to push it out is very, very normal.
I do hope people respect your wishes.
I am super thankful that
and
give Garrett full permission and even my friend told him that he had full permission to use it in a bit if he wanted to because he tells he tells stories about the cruise and stuff like that.
So I if for what I don't think he will I again because I'm sitting here going I don't know how that's funny.
I don't know how you make it funny.
I think there might be ways to do it.
But if for whatever reason he ever tells that story someday, he does have permission.
Okay, despite what I just said, I did give the permission.
It's fine.
Um,
But I'm not sure how a story like that's going to be funny.
I had heard something about as my friend and him were talking about it, there was a joke about mouth to mouth didn't work.
So I tried mouth to south and that got him right up.
And so at this point, it turns into things that are completely fucking fiction that are just like so whatever.
So if it says if it isn't what actually happened, then whatever.
So
All right, enough talk about that.
Let's go back to video games because video games are how we escape these things.
But it was it was overall it was good.
All right.
That's enough.
Let's talk about video games.
Loki going back to studio talks and not layoffs, but merging and unmerging, right?
Barely.
I mean, we just had layoffs from the Embracer group, but now we're hearing of different studios trying to separate themselves from Embracer.
So, for example, one of those is Gearbox Entertainment, who is looking to separate from the company.
Gearbox was acquired by Embracer for $1.3 billion back in 2021.
And according to Randy Pitchford, I'm delighted that what we might be up to is interesting enough for people to make a story about it for your readers.
I'm honored and humbled that our company is the topic of rumors, speculation, discussion.
As always, I'll be thrilled to share whenever I have projects to announce or share something else.
So in other words, he's not going to really say anything about it.
But the rumors coming from that there were
Basically, folks saying that they're looking to separate, maybe even go independent.
So I'm wondering if that's still going to happen.
But I hope so, because if not, you know, a lot of the companies under Embracer have kind of gone under.
Oh, speaking of Borderlands, the movie trailer was a movie trailer.
I'll go see it.
I missed that.
That came out.
I never did go and watch that.
I needed to do that.
I...
I don't think the casting of the characters is great.
I just don't see them as those characters.
The characters look okay, but I don't know.
I just don't see Kevin Hart as Roland, and I don't see... Oh god, I don't remember who's playing Lilith, but Kate Blanchett playing Lilith.
It's just...
Age and body types are just, it doesn't really fit to me.
And also how they portray it.
I don't mind Jack Black doing the voice of Claptrap.
I mean, that's okay.
I wish they had the original guy, but I understand that they broke those, burned that bridge.
So that makes sense too.
What else?
Saber Inactive is looking to leave Embracer Group as well.
So Saber Inactive just recently did the remake of Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic, and apparently that they're looking to, I guess they're worth $500 million.
Saber, they're saying this, of course, it was purchased by them back then for $525 million.
So it's going to be taking maybe a little bit of loss.
but apparently that there's an option for Saber to bring along multiple Embracer subsidiaries as well.
So they may be purchasing themselves and maybe somebody else along with that.
I will admit this whole separating from the bit that I didn't even know this was a thing that could be done and it's got to be a very complicated legal thing that I'm not going to pretend to understand.
I just find this very interesting, especially with all the
you know, problems that Embracer has been having in their botched investment.
Yeah, they need money.
So like, you know, if people are willing to buy some of their assets for, you know, I guess you break it down and make it that simple.
Yeah, I guess I guess that's what it is.
If Embracer needs to make money, they'll sell, they'll sell them.
But it's yeah.
So it's weird to hear that happening in a way.
Yeah.
So it'll be interesting to see what what they end up doing.
I just hope it's not more layoffs.
Along with that, though, we also have that Toys for Bob is going to be departing from Activision as well.
And they're going to be going independent.
So, of course, they were the studio behind some of the Crash Bandicoot and Spyro games.
And I think at one time they may have even worked on Guitar Hero or Call of Duty.
Skylanders
Well, I'm right.
This seems to be a way for studios to lean the headcount without actually losing jobs.
So as as weird as this is, this actually seems like best case scenario for some of these things.
I think
Am I wrong in that line of thinking?
Because it allows, you know, Saber, Toys for, well, Toys for Bob just had layoffs, but I guess to avoid more or whatever.
Yeah, it's like separating their own thing that can be run differently and not, you know, be subjected to the same.
Right.
Like if they're not saying, you know, if they're keeping the IP, like, for example, Activision's keeping the IP and they're looking to cut, you know, bodies, they may be just like, listen, we'll just all leave and we'll be independent.
And that'll take care of your body count that you need to cut or whatever.
I don't know.
I don't know business.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I wouldn't, I wouldn't have spent $2 billion or two, was it $2 trillion on all these different studios?
Yeah.
I mean, and if I did, I certainly would make crappy Saints Row game like they did Jesus.
Um, but yeah.
Alright, well, let's talk about a big studio with a new game that people are very much looking forward to, I think.
But actually, first, I just want to mention this, because in light of the story I just told, and something I'm, I'm noticing, I hadn't noticed till now, because I couldn't see this until under the studio lights, the lights I have here are a different type of hue.
And I noticed it when I was holding my hand up to the camera, but this this yellow in there, it's a bruise.
That's when I slammed against the boat and was flinging over the edge.
So sorry, I know that's a little weird, but I literally just now am seeing this for the first time because I knew it was bruised because I could feel it, but I couldn't see it until it was under this specific type of light until just now.
So interesting.
Anyway.
Let's talk about Pokemon because Pokemon is a great thing that we have fun with and it takes our mind off of all the troubles in the real world.
And I love Pokemon Legends.
I think it was a great entry in the Pokemon franchise.
In fact, I'm gonna be honest, I like Pokemon Legends more than I like mainstream Pokemon at this point.
And I know I'm not the only one that thinks that.
So, very excited to hear as a part of the recent Pokemon Direct that they did, or the Pokemon Presents, that Pokemon Legends ZA, or Z to A is what it really is, Pokemon Legends Z to A is a new game announced for 2025.
They didn't say a lot, don't expect a frame of footage with it, but we just know that it's coming, it's coming in 2025.
It is taking place in the Kalos region, that is from Pokemon X and Y, which were on, I believe that is Gen 6?
Because it wasn't Sun and Moon, that came after the fact.
So it's Gen 6, the first 3DS series?
So that's a futuristic version of that.
Apparently, the city that is seen in the trailer that looks very Tron, Lumiose City, that is the only region for this game.
Now, I'm just going to assume I mean, because it would be silly to have a game with like just one region.
It's probably the futuristic element of it.
And the fact that it's so big, it's probably split up into all these different varying types, like your ice region, your water region.
I'm sure there will be at least five zones, just like there was in the first Pokemon Legends game.
But a lot of people are like, oh, Pokemon Legends Zeta is only in Lumiose City.
I think there's a lot of
Asterisks
We don't know that for sure it's just the Switch.
There's a lot of talk about the Switch successor.
And I'm going to be quite honest, I know there's been a lot of news about the Switch successor delayed to 2025, because that was in the news right before I left on the trip.
I really hope this game is coming out on the Switch successor as well.
Because from a technical perspective, Pokemon Legends barely made it.
And it even has some technical problems, you know, that prevent it from being, you know, way up here.
There's a reason why people call POW World Pokemon, when it literally has nothing to do with Pokemon except the fact that some of the art looks really similar.
Thanks for watching!
I'm done with Pokemon games.
I've barely played the last ones I bought.
I've lost all interest.
They're cute.
S2100 Matt says, coming to Switch systems is how they phrased it.
Dr. Tsuya says, weren't there also issues with Scarlet and Violet?
Oh, yes.
Oh, yes.
And I'm still convinced there was a Switch successor in planning that never happened.
But you know, go back and listen to an old episode.
You want to hear me rant about that?
Pokemon TCG Trading Card Game is digital with Pokemon TCG Pocket
Pokemon TCG Pocket will have new elements
I could give a shit about the trading card games.
I'm just going to be honest.
It's a thing.
It's a thing not for me, and that's OK.
Also, if you are playing Scarlet and Violet, there are new seven star terror raid battles, including Venusaur, Charizard and Blastoise with the Mightiest Mark.
So if those are Pokemon you want to add to your team, those started over last week on the 28th.
Also, Pokemon Horizons, the series, will be collaborating with Pokemon Go.
That already, or no, it's starting on March 5th.
Sorry, I've seen so many Pikachus in so many different hats.
I thought that we already saw that one, but no, the cap hat will be coming on March 5th.
And apparently, a new attack for Pokemon Go, Volt Tackle, will be this as well.
So, and some new Pokemon making their debut in Pokemon Go with this event.
And then, Pokemon Master Sex,
Just kidding, it's Pokemon Masters EX, but you run it together, it's Pokemon Masters SEX.
We'll have some new syncing pairs with it as well.
I don't play Masters SEX, Pokemon, so not something I really pay attention to.
Pokemon Unite, I played this for a hot minute, and they have a Miradon's Unite license available and some more Cyril Edge, Phalanx also joining the roster, coming soon.
Pokemon Sleep will be getting a Legendary Pokemon, Raikou will be coming in March 2024, Entei and Sassoon will be coming after that, there's also a login bonus if you are still interested in the Pokemon Company knowing where you sleep at night.
And then lastly, Pokemon Cafe Remix, you can do Gimme Ghoul Coins and that.
Honestly, everything except the Legends announcement was very, okay, whatever, cool.
So.
DarkSakura
You know, people like to get themselves in trouble, and I don't know why they didn't think this wouldn't be trouble, or why this seems to be the only group that Nintendo is focusing on, but Nintendo has filed a civil lawsuit that happened on February 26th against a developer called Tropic Haze that has a software called Yuzu.
Yuzu is a Switch emulator.
PC and Linux right now.
They actually have on their site, they were working on a Mac one.
But they let people with that technology pirate Legend of Zelda Tears of the Kingdom for over 1 million times in a week and a half before the game came out.
They basically said that the harm was, and I'm going to use the quote here, manifest and irreparable, end quote.
So it was filed with the District Court of Rhode Island, and it says that their Yuzu software unlawfully circumvents the measures they have by executing code necessary to bypass
technology associated with the Switch and its games.
So basically, it's using a quote, illegally obtained copy of production keys that are secured on console, and then it uses those keys to pass around so that people can basically download and play the company's games outside of the Switch.
In effect, Yuzu turns general computing devices into tools for massive intellectual property infringement of Nintendo and others' copyrighted works.
Today, Yuzu provides any internet user in the world with the means to unlawfully decrypt and play virtually any Nintendo Switch game, including Nintendo's current generation and most popular games, without ever paying a dime for a Nintendo console or that game.
And to be clear, there is no lawful way to use Yuzu to play Nintendo Switch games, including because it must decrypt the game's encryption.
Defendant must be held accountable for willfully providing users the means to violate Nintendo's intellectual property rights at such a scale.
The harm to Nintendo is manifest and irreparable.
Also, that emulator is out on Android, but whatever.
So, they are looking for $150,000 in damages and any additional damages and profits Yuzu made from its violations, including their alleged $30,000 a month that Tropic Haze makes from Patreon, and that they stand trial for it.
So, yeah.
DarkSakura, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I, I thought that, you know, well, I mean, it's precedent already that this stuff is legal, but I don't know.
Yeah, I mean, there's a lot of, there's a lot of stuff that Nintendo is, you know, claiming here, but I, honestly, when they talk about a million pirated copies, when you consider the worldwide scale and the, I, I could see it.
I really could, but yeah, but, but like pirated,
But a lot of people that would work on emulators and pour a lot of their time into it, it's not about pirating software.
Do people use emulators for that?
Yes.
But what emulators are for and should be for is preserving software, of which we all know Nintendo is one of the notorious worst companies doing it in many other things.
I realize you all are going to point at the Switch Online and stuff, but no, no, no.
There's many, many games that don't exist there and so forth.
I think the key circumventing part is going to be the tricky issue that they're going to get in hot water for.
But I don't think that they're really circumventing any of the keys.
You have to have the keys, you know, it's just like a ton of different emulators out there.
What Nintendo's trying to do is trying to, what I think they're trying to do is they're not trying to win this case, they're just trying to bleed them of money.
So because getting them into, you know, a lawsuit is going to cost them a lot more money that they don't have versus what Nintendo can pony up and it'll just bleed the company completely bankrupt.
is what they're trying to do.
Because I don't think they have a case.
You can't, first off, let's assume that the 1 million number is correct.
You can't prove that all those people downloaded that game to play it on Yuzu.
You can't prove that.
Like, literally cannot.
So to prove the causation that, well, because this emulator existed, all these copies got pirated, that's not necessarily true.
Like, there's a lot of things played on actual hardware.
I mean, piracy issue is different from the emulator issue.
And I absolutely believe we need emulators because that's the only way this industry is going to have game preservation.
At the end of the day, we need it.
I understand where Nintendo is frustrated when their metrics and whatever they're looking at is showing them that they've lost, you know, a million.
But these I we have these were a million people that were never going to buy the game in the first place.
There's a lot of people that pirate things because they can.
a lot of people that pirate things because they can.
But that is a separate issue from the emulator.
But yes, the way Nintendo sees it, if they shut down the emulator, aha, then those people have nothing to play this on.
They use emulators on their console.
I know.
I know.
I found a couple of others.
Hmm.
What do you mean?
Twitch ones and one of them for the Mac specifically.
Oh, like different types of emulator.
Yeah, sure.
I mean, they literally use emulators on like, I would love them to say, well, emulate, let's come to the conclusion that emulators are only for piracy.
And then they can go, well, then why the hell are you using emulators on your software then?
Fair question.
And they're not even developed by Nintendo.
They are licensed.
To them to use, they're developed by other people like.
You can't make it, you can't have the argument both ways.
You should join the legal team, Loki.
It's a great argument.
Burn them to the ground, they're stupid.
The way they treat people over social media and all their stupid legalese with YouTube and all that stuff.
Honestly, this company is... I think they need to take an L here pretty soon to be humbled and come back to the way things are.
Because right now they're getting too high on their horse and they really need to be kicked down.
Honestly.
Highjack the conversation, but kinda, because when you talk about Nintendo taking an L, my brain is going back, I'm sorry, but to PAL world, because I'm kinda sitting here going, how has there not been a lawsuit still?
I would have fully expected it would happen.
It's a different game.
No, I know.
And I realized I am hijacking the conversation completely.
But like with everything that came out about powers, I'm kind of shocked that Nintendo hasn't pursued it legally.
And granted, maybe it's still maybe I haven't given it enough time, which I'm, I'm kind of shocked, to be honest.
I it's, I'm worried, in a way about the precedent setting.
That's all.
Because I think there is a strong argument to make about how much art Palworld is liberally borrowing, we'll say.
Yeah, but it's hard to say because I get it that things are similar to each other.
But also you could say that, you know, they're inspired by real world animals.
They're inspired by objects.
They're inspired by mythological creatures that we all have artwork that represents that stuff.
And yes, if you make two things in a similar art style based off of the same thing, they are going to look similar.
They're not identical unless they are caught like literally taking the
physical models from Nintendo's games and using them in their games and doing something with it.
There's nothing they can do about it.
They can whine and bitch about it all they want, but in the end, PAL World, I'm sorry, is going to be a better game, I guess.
Let's hope that, let's hope your new one's good.
I'm interested to see where the industry sort of takes this thing because to be fair, to be fair, Vampire Survivors had the same thing.
It's just nobody cared because Konami hasn't really done anything with Castlevania in years and years and years.
And it's it's it's yeah, it's a different thing.
I think people kind of look at it differently because like, oh, well, Vampire Survivors is such a different game.
It doesn't it's not really very little to do with Castlevania, but it literally lists like it's
You can't tell me you don't see Castlevania and Vampire Survivors.
Are you talking about Vampire Survivors or are you talking about, what's the other one?
The one by the same creator that's in the same style.
Vampire Survivors is very different.
I'm talking about Vampire Survivors.
Oh, OK.
Because when you're talking about people
literally borrowing from other IP.
I mean, Foam Stars, there's one.
I mean, that's essentially Splatoon.
No, but no, it's it's not it's not the actual assets, right?
It's not the squid kids.
There's a there's and I understand, but it's to what, like, literally, we're just saying they did something kind of similar, but to put a twist on it, that's Foam Stars.
Everybody's mad at Foam Stars over the AI album art thing.
That's a totally different issue.
It's it's it's bloodstained.
That's what I was thinking.
Oh, no, no, I don't, I don't think, no, it's nothing to do with Bloodstained and Castlevania.
I think those two are, they are legally distinct.
But like, look at the art in Vampire Survivors and play the game.
You see, you see like sprites that come out of Castlevania stuff.
But again, I'm, I'm only saying that I liked Vampire Survivors.
It was one of my favorite games that came out that year.
Like, go back and listen.
I loved it.
But it is, I'm just saying, this is an interesting question that the industry is going to have to face sooner rather than later.
And I am surprised that Nintendo is not, because they're sure leading a charge against this emulator where the case is kind of rocky here, right?
But they're not going after PAL world still?
I'm a little bit surprised.
That's all.
I'm not saying it's right or wrong.
I'm just fucking surprised.
Yeah, the SSJ-100 PAL world is fizzled in terms of player concurrency.
Honestly, though, the devs are totally cool with that.
Do they care about petty?
Well, no.
Do we think Nintendo actually cares about being petty or not?
I mean, Nintendo is good to be petty.
They're being petty right here with the whole emulator thing.
But I think
The devs are completely fine with people not, because Palworld, it's just, it's not a live service game or anything like that.
It is, has a start and an end, and then you're done.
You play through the content, cool.
They'll add more content later on as, you know, things develop on it, because it's still, I think, early access or whatever.
So I think they're totally fine.
In fact, they've made comments to the fact that they were completely fine with the numbers going down.
Yeah, and I think it's very simple why the number of concurrent players has dropped significantly.
It's a very simple answer.
Everybody bought the game because gaming media told them it was Pokemon in HD, and then they downloaded it and played it.
Oh, yeah, sorry, Pokemon with guns.
I forgot this.
Everybody bought it because they thought it was Pokemon with guns.
Well, now they all went and played it and thought, this has nothing to do with Pokemon.
This isn't fucking Pokemon.
And they stopped playing.
That's it.
Like, I think the answer is a lot more simple.
I don't think it's necessarily that they stopped playing because they didn't like it.
They stopped playing because they're done with it.
They played through the game.
There's there's enough people.
I mean, it's not like nobody's playing it.
It's just it's stabilized a bit.
But I think there was a lot of people that bought into the Pokemon with gun shit that just didn't stay for the long ride.
That's it.
That's it.
Right.
Like not everybody just plays one game all the time.
There are people that do play multiple games and sometimes you just finish the game and you go on to something else.
Yeah.
All right, um, Zen Monkey says, what's the name of that Splatoon clone?
I think you're thinking about Foam Stars.
But remember, and again, I again, I don't think you can say I don't think Nintendo has anything to say in the Foam Stars argument.
There's nothing there.
If you want to talk negative about Foam Stars, look at the AI shit.
Okay, but like Foam Stars is you're instead of putting ink on the ground the foam builds up and that becomes a very important component is that that that the foam it changes some of the physics and does different things with it because I did play the early access and know enough from that that it's it's different enough from Splatoon plus it also more takes the overwatch approach where you don't have a homogenous
DJ Ranma S in chat says I played POW World, I deleted it after 20 minutes, I realized that I don't like survival-like games.
You have succinctly made my point.
Let's move on.
Let's talk about this story.
Rockstar, Loki.
Oh, like I completely feel this.
So apparently Rockstar Games is ordering their employees back into the office after being remote for a very long time to help with finishing up, I guess, Grand Theft Auto 6.
So the company is mandating apparently that they return the office for five days a week starting in April.
Rockstar Games has found tangible benefits from bodies being in office seats.
I hate that.
I swear to God, if my company ever says, oh, we're going in the office, which we can't because we've already sold off buildings, but if I ever get a whiff that they're going to do that, I'm out.
But anyways, what sucks, though, is a lot of employees, one, they've enjoyed the work-life balance that they have with remote work, and two, some don't necessarily live near those offices.
And honestly,
Being that they're at the end of the development cycle for the game, what companies have done recently, not necessarily this company, but other companies have done, is they've
Mandated return to office things because they know people quit because they don't want to go back to the office and then that we don't have to pay severances.
So that may also be what this is considering we just had 7,000.
Really good theory, actually, because that's how Rockstar keeps their name out of the news with the whole layoff thing.
and Drew.
you know, make them crunch for this stuff as well.
So they said, you know, speaking anonymously, many of the employees have reiterated that, you know, working from home has been a lifeline to many of us, that they need to rethink their reckless decision about making and engage with their staff.
That also they fear that they'll have to work late hours in the office, which would mean they would miss out on spending time with their families.
So
The IWGB Game Workers Union at Rockstar are pushing for transparency over paying promotions at health
a healthy and inclusive workplace culture, work-life balance centered around what each worker needs.
And they said it's unacceptable for Rockstar leadership to have gone back on their word time and time and time again and have ignored workers' requests for basic working conditions.
Workers across the industry are done with letting executives make reckless and harmful decisions about Rockstar workers and are showing us the start of what can come if they're continually ignored.
There is no better time than now to join the union.
Thank you for watching!
Grand Theft Auto 6 that trailer that came out not that long ago looks really good.
And it looks like a good chunk of that was made at home.
I'm I mean, I'm sure that game has been in for years and years, including prior to COVID.
But the game looks great and doesn't seem to have been affected negatively by the work from home.
So I'm very, you know, but the whole work from home thing, I think is going to be I don't know, it's
I want to sit here and say it's going to be something where employees will choose and the, you know, employees will, that'll be a selling feature basically for a company and that, you know, people with a lot of talent will tend to gravitate towards those organizations.
But I say that yet in the face of all these layoffs happening, I'm not so sure it's that simple, unfortunately.
So maybe, and I would hate to think Rockstar is making an opportunity of that situation to do this.
Thanks for watching!
Octopath Traveler was delisted on the eshop!
And yes, that's likely why the game was delisted.
And it'll come back shortly.
But here's the the issue I was gonna say problem, but it's not really a problem.
Acquire was purchased by from software, right?
So because we were like, well, are they gonna make like a Dark Souls version of Octopath?
I don't think that's happening.
But I because of that purchase,
You have Nintendo in the credits of the screen right now being the publisher of the game.
I think they probably pulled it down to make a small little change to the loading screen of that game where FromSoftware is now going to show on future copies of the game.
It's not as simple of a patch because Nintendo published the games that you bought prior to 2024, and their logo should still be there,
But anything you buy after 2024 in this thing will have the new publisher's logo on it.
I really think this is just one of those weird, weird things that causes the sensational headline of game is delisted from store.
And that's just because they did a poor job communicating it and letting us know how long it was going to be down.
But this is obviously just a side effect of the the transaction that just happened and it'll be back.
So meanwhile,
Visible copies of the game don't change.
They still work.
Digital copies that you already bought work, to be fair.
This only affects new sales of the game.
That's all.
But how many people are still buying Octopath Traveler Part 1 when 2 is already out there?
And even 2 is a year or two old at this point.
So, but you know, for game preservation purposes, the original should be available.
I think you can also get it on
I wanna say PC, but I'm not sure if it's more accurate to say Steam.
I don't know if it's multi-platform on the PC universe or not.
So.
Alright, moving on, DarkSakura.
Sorry, I have Gudon.
Lucky.
Well.
One thing about video games that we love is the music.
And some of the games that really just have the best music ever
are the Final Fantasy games and some of those like that.
And of course, we can't have that music without the legend Uematsu Nobuo, who is just an amazing, amazing music creator, composer, very talented person.
But he's now saying that
He doesn't think he'll be able to do full video game soundtracks.
He says that he felt that if nostalgia would take over, he might do it.
But he is more... I mean, actually, he says he doesn't really see it happening, but he's more inclined to do something like a main theme or some of the overlying theme music for a game.
And he said that, you know, it's something that you have to give all of your energy to and he just doesn't have the fortitude anymore.
But he's like, and he did the last game he did a full soundtrack for was Fantasian, the game that I've been playing for a while, which is freaking great.
And it was also created by Sakaguchi.
But who had even said in 2021 that he felt like it could be Uematsu's last soundtrack, so a little bit prophetic there.
But I mean, and that soundtrack was like a 60-piece orchestra soundtrack.
For the record, by the way, as a little aside, there is a Steam database entry for Fantasian, so folks on Steam might be able to get to play it.
Just throwing that out there.
It's a great game.
But at any rate, yeah, he's going to still be doing some of his conducting gigs.
There's a new conducting gig coming up with the Marignane Heart of Ice.
But that might just be it.
He's just planning on doing the stuff that his heart is in and doing some main themes and that's it.
And you know what?
The man's turning 65 this week.
Let him retire.
He's earned it.
He's more than earned it.
Yeah, for real.
And for the record, I was going to say, going back to Fantasian real quick, it was a scene on SteamDB as listed on there, but it was done by Studio Mistwalker.
Um, and, and on the, you know, Uematsu and, you know, the, his, his legacy or what have you, you know what, Final Fantasy will be fine.
Soken is doing amazing work with XIV.
XVI was, was fine.
Um, but you know, XIV is especially is great.
I think, I don't know who did, maybe somebody could tell me in chat, uh, especially the recent VII Rebirth.
I don't know if it was the same composer that did Remake.
Square Enix
Questbuster in chat says Uematsu deserves a rest.
He's done so much and has made a huge multi-generational mark for so many.
SJ100mat says he said that it takes 2-3 years of non-stop work to make a soundtrack.
He's tired and deserves the rest and consult when he wants to.
I know he had health stuff so if anyone deserves time, it's him.
Very much that.
I always think back to the memes of the creator of Smash Brothers where it says, Never ask me for anything ever again.
I'm just tired.
I want to sleep.
Sakurai.
I get that.
Those those memes of Sakurai.
Never ask me for anything ever again.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's go to Loki.
Let's talk about more cancelled things.
So, uh, I completely forgot that Respawn was working on a Star Wars game at EA, but apparently, uh, they were until now they're not because, uh, apparently Respawn or IGN reported that Respawn's in development Star Wars FPS game has been cancelled.
Um, so that's unfortunate.
But, you know, I think a lot of this comes from the layoffs, cutting projects and whatnot.
It would have been cool to see, but we're just never going to see it.
Artwork from the game leaks out on people's resumes.
Well, and I wonder if this is one of those things where again Perhaps the game was designed to be one of these games as a service it being an EA game and a Star Wars I'm sure it was it was planning to take dollars out of your wallet Consistently and without shame and I wonder if somebody said you know what?
It's we're going to have a battlefront two on our hands type of situation.
Now, granted, they could change that before release.
So maybe, you know, there's got to be something a little more with how the game was playing or coming along or something.
Well, I don't want to lie to the layoff situation either, but it's just the thing is just interesting.
It's all interesting.
They said part of it was because EA's decision to pivot away from licensed IP.
Hmm.
Which they don't feel will be successful in the changing industry.
Um.
I don't agree with that, but I mean, sure, you can make an uninformed guess of that.
I mean, I don't know.
Spider-Man seems to be doing pretty well.
That's licensed.
I mean, yes, it's technically owned IP, but it's kind of licensed.
You know, it's I wonder if it's a little more complicated than that.
And that's a dig at how much they're paying for Star Wars and they want to renegotiate said rate.
Don't give EA anything.
don't just don't give them anything.
They're not the EA that they used to be.
They're the EA of now and they suck.
So just don't don't give them anything.
Back in my day should have back in my day it was ECA.
Moving on.
Let's talk about something else that could be the future of gaming.
It's something that Microsoft has been talking about in a partnership with Nvidia, AMD and Intel when in regards to
Upscaling Support in Upcoming PC Games
that this is where we would rather see AI sort of used is these sorts of situations, not where it's creating the art, but able to adapt and upscale the art based on being trained on said art, you know, so that AI is just, you know, essentially, you know, what it is, the automation of processes happening very quickly, very, very quickly in regards to rendering graphics and, you know, delivering through this direct SR API.
I use software that already has the ability to do that.
Pixelmator.
It has the ability, when you resize something, invoking super resolution, which is literally what it's called.
Especially in the case of... What's the word I'm thinking of?
Reducing size.
Instead of getting some of the fuzzy...
Kind of weird scaling.
It cleans it up, but it also does the same thing for enlarging, although I haven't tried a massive re-large in it.
But yeah, it's been there.
The ability's been there.
I've been using it for at least a year.
The Super Resolution feature was spotted in a test version of Windows 11, which is supposed to be using AI to make supported games play more smoothly with enhanced details.
So this API is going to play into this.
Anyway, this is going to be available soon via a preview of the Agility SDK.
And there will be a sneak peek of all of this at GDC, which remember is just around the corner.
This particular session at GDC is going to be March 21st.
Microsoft, NVIDIA, AMD all participating.
This is definitely one to watch, I think, because I think this is very much how we're talking about how video games are going to get to 8K and, you know, even even more frames a second and all this stuff, you know, even more and more lifelike.
One step closer to the holodeck, if we will.
This will be an interesting one to watch for sure.
Alright, well, we're going to go to our next segment, which has a twist this year, because every month DarkSakura talks about a game that didn't see the light of day.
It's the cancelled game of the month.
But before we get there, let's play The Bump.
And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
It's time for the classic game of the week.
All right.
But as mentioned, it is a cancelled classic game.
So DarkSakura, what is the classic cancelled game of the month?
It is Robotech Crystal Dreams.
And hi, Nelly.
Anyway, it is a cancelled Robotech game that was in development for the Nintendo 64 by Gametech.
And I am calling it Robotech because it started its life as a Robotech game, not as a Macross game.
But we'll get into that in a second.
So basically, the overall plot of this is that you play as someone named Kyle Bartley, who was a Veritech pilot who had been disgraced.
He was former Robotech Defense Force, and he turned into a mercenary, but then he, I guess, worked to try to still
Protect the Earth and the SDF3, the Super Defense Fortress.
I think that's what they called it.
I didn't watch a lot of real Robotech.
I've mostly watched Macross from Zentradi enemies, who were giant kind of blue-purple people sometimes.
Anyway, so let's go a little bit into the gameplay of this, and then we're going to go into
the development history.
So Crystal Dreams was a space fighter simulation, had some resource management to it.
You basically, your character Kyle, works as a mercenary, like I said, and could obtain credits based on the type of missions that were completed.
And between levels you go back to your base and you can interact with different characters, buy upgrades, modify your mecha.
You also had a war timeline where you could get reports of what was happening at different places in space.
You could go help people who need it and get any more credits for it.
And then, of course, you have your three modes for your... They called them Veritex.
Or... Yeah, anyway.
You had your Fighter Mode, your Guardian Mode, and Battleloid Mode.
Yeah.
So anyway, going into a little bit of... For the record, by the way, the Veritecs were called Valkyries in Macross.
So, um, and those three different modes, uh, there was, uh, the fighter mode, and then you had Gerwalk mode, which I thought was funny for- it was so funny because we were actually, uh, looking at, uh,
I'm thinking of Jetfire toys, and the first Jetfire toy was actually a repurposed Macross Valkyrie.
So, thought that was funny.
But yeah, and then the... But there was also, like, the human-ish kind of mode.
So, there we go.
Anyway, going back to the game... Oh, sorry, I love Macross.
Going back to the game, the license was purchased from Activision by Gametech and so they pitched a game to Nintendo and Nintendo approved it.
It had a 10 person team to work on it.
It was announced in May 1995 as a launch game with the title Robotech Academy and then by 1986, middle of the year, it changed to Robotech Crystal Dreams.
Nintendo gave support to GameTek to learn the hardware and the art director Mimi Doggett, I'll read this quote, they know we're just getting used to this new hardware so they've been patiently supportive.
They're not pushing us to get the game out, they'd rather we take our time to make sure that it's good.
However, it was planned for a December 1996 release, and then rescheduled to second quarter 1997, and then further delayed to December 1997.
After that, though, GameTech filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy in early December 1997, after the game had been in development for two years.
They were saying that the development of the game was not going to affect the bankruptcy, but by 1997 Ocean acquired the rights to the game and they were going to finish and release it, but they cancelled after a working demo was shown at the 1998 E3.
And Arctic Press had a black and white promotional comic book that was handed out at E3, very much a collector's item now, and then Gametech was liquidated in 1998.
I was looking for the one thing I found where one of the programmers had a lot of
So yeah, it was really sad.
A lot of people were looking forward to it, including
Tomy of Japan.
We're familiar with Tomy as like a toy and development company.
They were localizing that into a game called Super Dimension Fortress Macross Another Dimension or Chōjiku Yōsai Macrossu Anaza Dimension.
Another Dimension, so mostly English.
But at any rate, the thing that they were about this is that it was a chance to have the only Macross game released on Japanese Nintendo 64.
Most of the mecha that were used in Crystal Dreams came right from original Macross, not from, like, most beta or any of the others that were used to continue Macross for the animation.
And they were pretty all about it.
However, when GameTek never completed the game and closed down, that, of course, stuck a wrench in plans.
Tommy still wanted to continue with taking it over and they had advertised it in Japanese magazines But Bandai did not release the rights to them to distribute it and so that fizzled in Japan as well and so that's That's it.
That's the story of You know Robotech
Interesting.
Alas.
This is like a PC game of the era, to be honest.
And as far as I'm aware, the music would be like, you know, of course, Nintendo style digitized versions of the original music from the Macross series.
You know, which, if I recall correctly, now keep in mind, I have not watched a lot of Robotech.
I've watched a lot of Macross.
But I think, didn't Robotech use a lot of the music that was in Macross?
Probably.
I know that some, I know that some localized anime did that a bit, like going back and watching GeForce.
It has a lot of that same repeated, terrible intro music for the US one, but during fight scenes, it totally plays the Gatchaman music.
Saber Rider and the Star Sheriffs
Thank you, Ranma.
Thank you.
But we noticed that like some of the music from the Japanese version was reused in the American one in different spots.
And for the record, the theme song for that in Japanese is Total 80s and it's a vibe.
You know what, you triggered Fifth Dream's memories there.
Fifth Dream in chat saying, me, I love that show.
Saber Rider, the song is in my, I have no idea how it goes, so I can join you.
Saber Rider, and the Star Sheriff's whip crack.
It also had Peter Cullen in like one role as Ramrod and that was it.
All right, your classic canceled game of the month.
Our regular segment will resume next week.
But this is always a fun- Wait, we need a moment of silence.
Pour one out.
Okay, done.
All right.
Uh, let's get into some other news rapidly in a segment we call Rapid Fire News.
Some other quick headlines.
Loki.
We have another game that's part of NVIDIA's RTX Remix Toolkit, which I think recently allowed ray tracing in Quake and Portal.
Now we have the original Unreal is getting an RTX Remix that allows you to have lots of shiny lights.
I mean, that's kind of what it looks like here is just lots of
Doom plays on a Robo Lawnmower
What?
Yes, you can play Doom on, I'm gonna try to pronounce this, it is clearly a foreign name, a Husqvarna lawnmower.
It's a $2,000 lawnmower.
That's a tech and construction brand.
It looks it looks very futuristic as it is.
I don't know how you play.
I guess it has a screen on it.
I don't know how you would do that.
It says.
But will the will the lawnmower motor play the doom thing?
Can it can it actually rev to the theme?
No.
Yeah, the blades are spinning when you use a chainsaw.
Yeah, that'd be scary.
Yeah, so I don't know.
It's neat that you can do that.
But yeah, it's coming in April.
He'll allow you to do that.
DarkSakura, what do you have?
The best news ever.
Oh boy.
And the most expensive news for me and my house.
So Multimorphic is a pinball company that does their P3 table and P3 is a modular pinball.
So you can change out one unit for another.
I have the Weird Al.
Yeah, the Weird Al machine.
I remember this from Southern Pride Game Expo.
Yeah.
Which has like a video part of the table and then, you know, an upper field and it plays all kinds of fun stuff.
So Multimorphic has announced their next game for P3.
And it's the Princess Bride, dammit!
Inconceivable!
And I am like, I'm so jazzed.
For a movie that came out in 1997, this is my favorite movie on freaking record.
My favorite movie.
I love it more than Xanadu.
I love it more than Barbarella.
But it has all kinds of stuff from the Kingdom of Florin.
It has the Cliffs of Insanity and the Ball Climbs the Cliff.
You have Miracle Max's Hut, the Fire Swamp with the Rodents of Unusual Size, and Prince Humperdinck's Castle.
Humperdinck!
Humperdinck!
Humperdinck!
Humperdinck!
Anyway.
And it's... But...
But they, basically, the head of Multimorphic, Jerry Stellenberg, was like, the pinball market's saturated, we know, they're all expensive, but we're putting out the notice now, so if you're really a diehard fan, you get a chance to save for it or whatever you need to do to help you get it.
And they wanted people to get excited about it.
And also, the creative director for this is the same person who worked on Weird Al and Heist.
It's Steven Silver.
And there's also Josh Kugler, formerly from American Pinball, who is their software team lead.
So they got a pretty good group on it.
I'm looking forward to it.
It's got the film's music.
which did you know that it was written by Mark Knopfler from Dire Straits?
Oh, no.
Yeah.
And so it had been adapted by Paul Farrer to fit the gameplay and has a few extra tracks that were created just for the game.
And yeah, it looks
Star Dust is also a good movie, I would play that as a pinball too
Bye!
So I have to tell you something from, and it's in the book As You Wish, which was by Cary Elwes, and it's his memoirs of doing the movie.
About, you know, a sword fighting with a broken toe, thanks to Andre the Giant.
But he said that the whole scene with Miracle Max was ad-libbed completely with Billy Crystal.
And that he was laughing so hard while he was supposed to be dead that they had to change him out for a model.
For a dummy.
and Mandy Patinkin broke a rib holding in his laughter.
Yeah, the two of them, like, made the entire scene just how well they played off of each other.
Yeah.
Although, I mean, my favorite thing in there is her going, Humperdinck, Humperdinck, Humperdinck!
But that movie is great.
Alright, well moving on, let's talk about the Sega reboots that have been rumored for some time.
You know, some of the rumors and things, leaks I guess if you will, are really gaining fire.
I feel like we'd heard some of this before, that we heard that Crazy Taxi and Jet Set Radio are supposed to be coming as games as a service.
Oh boy.
So these remakes might not, or reboots I should say, might not be exactly what you think of.
But apparently a well-known atlas leaker who had announced the Persona game remakes and so forth has gone to Twitter to talk a little bit about these games.
And that there are not only the games as a service reboots, but there are also remakes
In a series of tweets, the leaker MBKKSSTBHZ5
Yes, it's modeled after AAA live service games like Fortnite.
There's plans for live events, collaborations, and customizations.
The current plan is to create a live games as a service reboot as well as a remake of Crazy Taxi.
There is a survival mode with up to 100 players racing in the reboot.
Fortnite and GTA Online are some of the main inspiration for the current Sega Super Game plan.
Sega wants to be competitive in the live service scene and use classic IPs in new ways with new technology.
Both Crazy Taxi and Jet Set are live service games that are also having remakes before the reboot's release.
Jet Set is closer in gameplay to Fortnite than Crazy Taxi, and there are shooting elements planned.
Jet Set Reboot has graffiti and shooting gameplay, an open-world concept with exploration as focus.
There are new characters and story, too.
interesting.
I'm glad they're doing the remakes as well.
I think that's very smart.
Because if the gas games servants service if the gas tank is empty, so to speak, they have the remakes to fall back on because I think a lot of people would buy the remakes of both those games.
Where's my Hydra Thunder?
They did.
I don't know if it was a full but there was that Xbox No, they call this a spiritual successor.
Yeah.
Yeah, I need I need damn the torpedoes.
All right, let's travel around the world and check out what's coming out in a game store online near you a little faster than the Sega remakes.
Let's start with the US.
What is coming out this week, Loki?
Expeditions, a MudRunner game on PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Xbox Series Mediterranean Inferno on PC, Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox Series
Coming out of Early Access, but the Outlast Trials on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
Berserk Boy on PC and Nintendo Switch.
As Dusk Falls on PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 5.
Top Racer Collection on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
AncientWeaponHolly on PC, Nintendo Switch, and PlayStation 5 UnicornOverlord on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series UnicornOverlord
Mm hmm.
I just I this that same game is on my Japanese list.
And I just have to say I think it's false advertising.
This is an AI Willy Wonka situation because I do not see any fucking unicorns in unicorn overload.
Do you see a unicorn here?
No, I see.
I see a furry, but I don't see a unicorn overlord.
But it is this a game?
it just looks like fucking about tops it's it's just it looks like it's just fucking Suikoden but with a full cooking simulator because of course of course the Japanese has to have realistic cooking mini games in it because of course uh huh
I'm doing a question, are there unicorns in Unicorn Overlord?
Well, it says, you know, that the person, one of the main characters of the game is now an adult and burying the magical ring of the unicorn.
So there is something unicorn tangentially related to it.
Needs more unicorns.
Anywho, also very tangentially... 7 out of 10, not enough unicorns.
Tangentially related to Unicorn Overlord.
If you cannot create your own Unicorn Overlord in that game, perhaps in the custom character creator for WWE 2K24, you can create your own wrestler named the Unicorn Overlord on PC.
PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
That's it.
I love the ssj100 map for making a Last Unicorn, uh, reference.
Just a bunch of anime shmedrick the magicians.
Perfect.
Also appearing in Unicorn Overlord, Candy Mountain!
Alright, anyway.
Candy Mountain, Charlie!
It's a magical leopleurodon!
I just watched that the other day, by the way.
Again.
And why, did you watch, I don't know, Homestar Runner as well?
And the rejected cartoon by Don Hertzfeldt?
I did watch the rejected cartoon for the record.
I actually was introduced somebody to it.
All right.
Let's go.
My spoon is too big.
I am a banana.
I'm a banana.
But if you've never seen the rejected cartoon, do yourself a favor.
Pause the show.
Don't stop.
Dawn Hertzfeld.
Pause the show.
Don't stop, but pause it.
Go watch that cartoon and then send us an email.
Participate at OrangeLingerie.com with your thoughts.
And I want you to know, I saw that
on the big screen years ago, probably high.
And I say probably because I wasn't doing weed, but everybody around me was, and there's only so much of that around you you can take.
Spike and Mike.
Yeah, it was the Spike and Mike.
Oh God, they don't do those anymore.
Twisted Animation Festival.
Oh, that was it.
It was the Spike and Mike.
I watched it when we were at the first OLR house.
Yeah, I definitely remember that.
Thank you for watching!
It's so good.
It's just hilarious.
Rejected.
Cartoon.
Don Hertzfeldt will change your life.
All right.
That's where the line, I am a consumer whore comes from.
And how.
And how.
Can I get to the Japanese release date?
Speaking of being a consumer whore.
I guess.
All right.
Coming out on March the 7th, Irem Collection Volume 1 is coming out.
Yay!
It's our type.
Yeah, it's, well, I don't think our type is in this collection.
We have Image Fight.
Oh, Image Fight's good.
Image Fight 2, Operation Deep Striker, and X Multiply are all in this particular set.
But that's, that's still fun.
Those are some good games.
I like Image Fight.
Yeah, and these games have not been released in the West before.
So that's pretty fun.
Unicorn Overlord
Let's travel to Europe, DarkSakura!
On the 5th, that's what the next few are.
For PlayStation and Xbox, WWE, 2K24, Classified France 44.
Looks like it's a World War II era game.
For PlayStation, Xbox, and Switch, Expedition's a Mudrunner game.
On the 7th, for PlayStation, we have Metal Gear Solid Master Collection Volume 1.
And for PlayStation and Xbox, Taxi Life, a driving simulator.
And then on the 8th, the rest of these are all on the 8th, PlayStation and Xbox, we have Resident Evil 4 Gold Edition, WWE 2K24.
On Switch, we have Paw Patrol Grand Prix Complete Edition for PlayStation and Switch, Emergency Call, The Attack Squad.
On the Big 3, Unicorn Overlord.
And speaking of cancelled games,
from before, and this is a game that actually got a release after it was unreleased since 1982.
Akka R Special Edition is going to be on PlayStation.
All right.
Well, we have a few more stories for you.
And then we'll get to the listener roundtable if y'all have any questions.
I have no idea if we have emails.
No.
No.
All right.
Well, that makes that easy.
Maybe we'll get some emails about rejected.
We'll just get some emails that say, I am a banana.
Loki.
Totally hats only.
Yeah, we got the first bit of news about a new game coming out from one of the creators of Call of Duty, the founder.
It's from, I guess, we don't really know the name of the game yet, but I love the company name Bullet Farm, which is led by David Vonderhaar.
Somebody remind me to do that as the parody bump next week.
Bullet Farming Simulator.
Bullet Farm.
Yeah.
So they're working on a cooperative.
They said it was a first person shooter developed in the Unreal 5 engine that's going to emphasize intimate cooperative gameplay set in an original universe.
That is vague.
I'm
We'll add another, you know, add a caboose.
But when you were talking about Bullet Farm, it made me think of, so I don't know if Jason's listening, but so there was there was a little boo-boo behind the scenes and these things happen.
It's not a big deal.
But DarkSakura, when she was linking one of her things tonight, she actually used the link to a video on Twitter.
It has to do with the storms.
It was it was trucky.
It's nothing salacious.
It was a blizzard in Truckee.
But it's a snow plow plowing all the snow.
So Jason sends me a text and it says, is the classic game of the week snowplow simulator?
And that's when I realized that the tweet so and I started laughing and I was thinking like, actually, I'd play the fuck out of a snowplow simulator to be quite honest, because you can't see anything and you run into everything.
Farming simulator, power wash simulator.
Snowplow Simulator is a game
It's no plowing simulator, but yes, it is a game.
You can play it now.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You can play it later this year.
It is coming out this year.
It is not out yet.
Wow.
So, the Dekotora are... They take the live-in type of long-haul trucks.
And they're like, they got lights on them and fun paint and all kinds of decoration.
They get people together and like have meetings.
You did, Ranma, okay, send me the photos because I have a minor obsession with Dekotora.
But, which is short for decorated truck.
I mean, there you go.
But,
Imagine if you had to, like, do a haul, but you had to make sure that, like, your truck was, like, hyper-decorated and you get more decorations as you go until you have the fanciest truck to ever grace Yokohama or something.
Live here on Twitch television, I'm playing the preview for Snowplow Simulator.
It literally looks like someone just fucking copied PowerWash and made it Snowplows, and I am here for that.
What's great is- This is literally Power Wash Simulator with snow plows.
What's great about this is that there literally could be a scenario where someone has to go plow snow before they're allowed to simulate plowing snow on a computer game.
You can't play your snow plowing game until you go plow the real thing.
Anyway.
Just like
Oh my god.
Well, I'd like to- Oh, I found- There's a picture here of a guy who has a chandelier in his truck.
Anyway, I just want to thank DarkSakura for her mistake because now I've learned that snow plowing simulator is the thing I need in my life.
There's no such thing as mistakes, only happy little accidents.
Thank you, Bob Ross.
Alright, moving on.
Let's get to this.
I wonder if Optimus Prime turned into a Dekotora, if that would be the Transformer version of Drag.
Alright, let's do this last story, which was what Jason had referenced in the intro tonight.
It's a little... Loki, take it away.
I don't know what to say.
Yes, apparently there was a study done in Norway examining how video games influence children and their social behavior and their spending habits.
Apparently, younger players are being bullied over the lack of their cosmetic skins or are using in-game items to be more popular.
Yeah, that's interesting.
Children may experience being called poor if they haven't spent money on their character.
Children who have spent money on their in-game character can gain increased attention and other advantages, thus buying popularity.
Gamecompanies
It's that type of thing.
I think it's just because it's free to play games.
And yeah, like you said, Loki, it's this is what the companies want and so forth.
I think that's why it's making headlines.
And yeah, DarkTetsuya is really right.
They'll find any reason to pick on other kids.
Shoes with Velcro were cool.
Evil, for the record.
Yeah.
Either of y'all, why would you wear shoes with Velcro?
Because they're fucking comfortable.
Do you know why?
Why are you wearing pumps?
My favorite Aldos are the ones without laces.
And I'm not apologizing.
Oh, no, but it was cool when and like in the like
I'd say mid-ish 80s when I was in elementary school.
Or sorry, late elementary school, like going into middle school.
It was like the thing was laceless keds where you just sewed them close or you sat on the heel of your keds and turned them into mules with no laces.
Oh, no, I remember.
So right about the same time, DarkSakura, when I was in junior high school, I remember what the must have thing was with shoes, the pump shoes.
You remember the little pumping shoes that I was in high school by then?
Were you?
Thanks for watching!
Yeah, no, no.
And the thing, too, is like if your parents screwed up and bought you the wrong kind of jeans, then you had to to peg your jeans.
My gosh.
In the 80s.
So silly.
SGO100 Matt says the missus is a school teacher and she's had kids fight over being made fun of for having basic Fortnite skins.
Those kids are 10.
So, yeah, it's a thing.
Silly, silly, silly.
It happens in Dead by Daylight, though, where you make judgments on whoever's in your lobby based on if they've got default cosmetics or not.
You know, it's like we either have someone who's trying to dupe someone, an actual noob, or someone who got banned from their account and they're going to play like an asshole.
PodCulture in chat says, Early 90s?
Hell, I was out of high school.
Damn, I'm old.
Yeah, you are.
I didn't know you were older than me.
I graduated in 94.
What else am I supposed to reply to that podculture?
But if it makes you feel better, I meet people that are like, like, especially through the horror hosting and stuff that I do on the side, I meet people that are like, Yeah, I was born in 1998.
It's like after I graduated high school, and I'm always like, I'm gonna pass away.
All right.
Anyway, yes, class of 96.
I'm just like, my thing is like, especially with what I do when I'm on the phone and I get people who are my age saying, well, you could probably be my kid and blah, blah.
I'm like, I'm your age.
What?
I was like, I just have a young voice and spite keeps me young too.
Bobby Blackwell says my favorite is when kids ask, what was life like in the late 1900s?
Twitch.tv VOG Network
Participate at orangelandradio.com.
I guess you can tweet us and if I can be bothered to log into the app, I might see it.
But we have OLR.
But you know, emails are really good right now.
Participate at orangelandradio.com.
I know it's old school.
That's what life was like in the early 1900s.
You sent emails.
All right.
Or late 1900s.
Excuse me.
I don't even know what I'm talking about.
Postcards.
Yep.
The Pony Express.
Yes.
You know what?
I'm going to say this.
People are getting back into sending actual letters and it's fucking beautiful.
I've been actually writing people letters.
Oh, yeah.
Evil's right.
You pass notes, but you had to fold them a certain way or you failed the note passing.
Aren't kids today using rotary phones, too?
Speaking of like old school, I heard that was a thing.
Like models of them.
But I mean, I kind of miss a rotary phone because you could like kill a person with one.
Like if someone broke into your house, you just grab the rotary phone and smack them.
All right.
I'm serious.
No, it's so true.
If only, you know, Drew Barrymore had had that in the opening shots of Scream, maybe that would have been a much different movie.
By the way, Snowflower Simulator has a free prologue.
So, you know, might be worth checking out.
I don't know what I'll be streaming this week.
Bobby's right, people asking for vinyl records.
I will say something, when you have a brand new vinyl record, there is something to hearing it in analog versus digital that it's completely different.
And I know that there's another boom for transistor tubes, people looking for old hi-fis.
Mishkins in chat says, I just I miss just slamming the receiver down when you get mad for me.
Yeah, you can hardly throw your phone across the room.
I remember the portable phone like the early portable phones and it was a button called flash would let you because that's how you like you switch to the call waiting.
Does anyone remember call waiting?
And flash is how you switch.
It could also accidentally hang up on your friends accidentally.
but if you didn't have call waiting if you tap that flash button to other people it sounded like the sound when someone has a call waiting like that kind of crackle because you can hear a crackle but not the beep that the receiver got and you could just be oh excuse me hit the mute button on your on your phone when you're on like and then just like listen to the other person completely lose their shit
SSG100 Matt says gotta have the long phone cord that stretches past the kitchen to the bathroom or your bedroom.
Yes, and then you shut the door with the cord hanging through.
Or I remember our first cordless phone had a gigantic fucking antenna on it.
So it was cordless.
My phone, I had a swatch phone that was like the kind of the clear one.
and I had a cable that could go from my upstairs bedroom down the stairs into the living room if I wanted to.
Those see-through phones are like the quintessential fuckin' 90s phone.
and a Welsh Watch.
All right.
Hey, guess what?
We have a caller on our Discord, which you should join, vognetwork.com.
If you want to join our Discord server and talk to us throughout the week.
There's actually quite a few stories tonight I pulled from our channel and Discord.
So thank you to all the participants who chat throughout the week.
But we do have a call and somebody wants to come on air with us tonight.
So let's say hello.
Hi, you're on Orange Knowledge Radio.
Who's this?
Oh, it's the one and only
Uh... Hi.
That was a short call.
Rob, what'd you do?
I didn't do shit!
He moved his- Hi, it's the one and only, and instead of turning on his webcam, he fucking sent himself back to the green room.
Brilliant.
Did you mean to say the one and only fucking Houdini, cause you disappear?
He did it again!
Stop it!
Ranma, stop it!
Is it working now?
Stop it!
Is it working?
We hear you!
We hear you, we just don't see you.
There we go.
There you are.
There we go.
Alright, alright.
See, I have a convention coming up, and I don't need this stress.
It looks like I'm gonna have to pull Daitenshi down and do a clean format before things kick off.
Perfect.
Podculture said Ranma hit the flash button.
Wait, quick, quick.
Ranma, Ranma, Ranma, before you get to whatever it is you really want to talk about tonight, what was the phone you had when you were in junior high?
I had an AT&T rotary phone because my great grandmother, Lord rest her soul, refused to get us push button phones because she didn't want to pay extra money for the phones.
Because at that time, you couldn't buy phones in retail stores.
You probably could, but if you were with AT&T, you had to go to the AT&T store where they would show up the latest model desk phones for you to buy or pay monthly on as part of your phone bill.
Some things never fucking change, because they sure figured out how to keep that going, didn't they?
We had BellSouth, who AT&T acquired, but you could go to RadioShack and buy a phone.
Oh, my God.
Anyway, all right.
All right.
Back on topic.
Ranma, what did you call us about tonight?
I want to Rob, I want to thank you.
You unlocked a core memory.
Oh, I love that.
What?
Tell me more.
I will say one thing, and you know exactly what I'm talking about.
This is bleeding.
I think your noise gate is preventing all that from coming through, but I believe the quote was, my anus is bleeding.
Yes, from the receptionist.
Yes.
The love of God and all that is holy.
My anus is bleeding.
Jamie, you need that sound effect on your board, the little Xbox achievement unlocked noise.
Core memory unlocked.
I'm gonna find I'm gonna find that.
Okay, Rob.
So here's the thing.
Back in I would say the late 90s, early 2000s.
Good God, I'm dating myself.
I'm going to conventions.
Some cars will have what's called
Anime Hell Night or Hell Anime or whatever.
Even I know about this.
Oh yeah.
So for those who don't know...
It starts around 10, 11 o'clock after the masquerade.
By this time, you're probably stoned, liquored up, or whatever.
You go into main events, and they would just play a bunch of really bad dubs, bad videos, and all this stuff.
And a part of this, every year, was rejected by Don Hirschfeld.
And I loved it so much, and I remember years back, somebody found the YouTube link, and I was like, save.
Yeah, he did a lot of other cartoons, too.
I don't know what he does now.
One of his one of his cartoons was nominated for an Oscar.
I think that was the last time I kind of heard from that guy.
Yeah, it was one.
It was later, but it was like something was the meaning of life.
I don't remember.
I have to go look up his wiki or something like that, which one of the listeners in chat is probably doing now.
There's always one person, but I'm glad I could unlock the core memory for you.
There was- At Anime Expo, they would do AMV Hell.
Oh, some conventions still do that, and yes, they still make AMV Hell.
One of the things I would do in my room when people would come to hang out, I'd have the alcohol and the mixers ready, my laptop hooked up to the big- to the widescreen, and I would just play AMV Hell, and we would just lose our minds over it, because of how- because how funny and how chaotic they were.
In 2016, World of Tomorrow was his film that was nominated for Best Short Film at the 88th Academy Awards, but he did not win.
He lost to another, Bear Story was the name of the film that won that year.
But that's not that long ago, 2016.
Also, they say his visual influence influenced the Pixar film Soul.
For those that watched that during the, because that came out during the pandemic.
I think that was a Disney Plus thing, so.
Interesting.
That's on my list.
And good God, my list is just big.
Now my list is delayed because I finally got my PlayStation 5 and Rebirth is just sitting there.
Look, mine's still in the shrink wrap waiting to open and play because I've been out of town.
I already cracked it open.
There's only one end of Evangelion for me, and it's Redeath.
Fair enough.
I'm excited to play Rebirth.
Hey Stingy, guess what?
This is a great make out spot.
I'm excited to play Rebirth, but I feel like it's one of those things that more people will watch if I stream it if I don't do it right now.
Like, if I wait for other people to beat it first and then stream it, people will be less nervous about spoilers.
Golden Saucer Date Night
All of them, and it made me happy.
Well, Final Fantasy VII Remake isn't a remake.
It is not a remake.
It is a it's a actually, I can't believe I can't believe I'm going to credit Bobby twice in the universe.
I can't believe I'm going to credit Bobby twice tonight on this show, but I'm going to I thought his comparison to saying it is like the newer Star Trek movies was very, very on point.
Because it's like a story, you know, but yet it's somehow very different.
And I thought that was a very good comparison what he said on his show tonight.
So I guess.
Or like the new Scott Pilgrim series on Netflix.
Yeah, that too.
Very that.
So, yes, that was so good.
Oh, my God.
But but Jamie, not that different.
Wink.
Wink.
It really isn't that different.
The new Scott Pilgrim was good, but I kind of want like a 90 minute movie to wrap up what they were planning at the end, even though they said it ain't going to happen.
It would have been nice.
Yeah.
I will say this about Remake and then I'll get up on out of here because I was discussing this with a friend of mine and she makes a valid point.
She said that the whispers that you see towards the end of the game
represents the angry fandom as a whole.
So the what they do at the end there where the whispers reset a literal somebody dies that's not supposed to when that happened I fucking screamed by the way I was like what I was I thought they would do something different I didn't think they'd fucking do that but then the whispers reset it all that whole thing and it was like
Oh, oh, it's so on point.
And I think Alan saw that scene.
He was like, oh, are the Whispers the angry fans?
Saying, no, the game has to be exact.
You can't fucking end the game at Midgar.
You have to... Disc 1 should end where Disc 1 ended in the... It's like, it's so on point.
It's so on point.
And it's a very... Then you find out another character ain't dead yet, so...
I would encourage you all to play it if you haven't, because even with what I just said, there's something to be said for it's about the journey, not the destination, that there's a lot of gaps to fill in.
Yeah, Bobby Blackwolf in chat says, Final Fantasy VII Remake trilogy is about fate and destiny, and the characters in the game want to go against fate and destiny.
Fate and Destiny in the remake series is the 1997 story.
It is very, very that.
And that's why that's why I'm really excited to play this, because it's very clear now.
If you think you know what's happening in this game, you don't, because you didn't play the first game to to know that they they they done told you by the end of that game, we're going to do whatever the fuck we want.
I mean, I know the entire FF7 lore inside and out.
When I jumped into Remake, I was like, I cannot wait to see the changes that they made.
And I enjoyed every single bit.
I am one of those, I don't care about spoilers because I will still watch it or play it regardless.
This game is an exception to that.
I'm like, I don't want to know nothing.
I want to go in and I want to enjoy this.
And if I end up screaming like a bitch because of some great shit that happened,
JNX Lounge Radio
I will listen on the podcast feed on my way to work.
But the thing is, that was the underline from episode one.
Y'all is woke and Rob is fabulous.
And if you don't like that, go take a walk and go do something and touch grass.
That's right.
Except touch grass wasn't a saying in 2002, but that's all right.
All right.
And I don't think you came out on the show yet by that point.
No, do you remember in the early episodes?
You came out on the show.
I did.
Later.
I did.
I didn't, I just wasn't out.
There's kind of, yeah.
Then again, there were some of us who knew and were still happy regardless.
Well, I was out IRL.
I just had a choice to not be out on the radio at first, but that's because some people on the internet are assholes.
And Loki was staying in and even sang about it.
That's an all-time high.
All right, that's it.
We're wrapping up.
Too many memories.
I'm done with y'all.
I can't take y'all anymore.
Too many core memories.
All right, anime jam session.
Listen to it.
And maybe you'll hear about anime hell when Grandpa gets on his chair and tells stories.
Maybe, but there is talk about a con that may have scammed some people that happened over the weekend.
Tune in to find out more.
Again?
Well, don't worry.
They'll give everybody 30 minutes in the ball pit.
You got it.
All right.
Bye Rama.
Bye.
All right.
Uh, with that, I think we're gonna wrap it up.
Actually, let me check in with Loki real quick.
If there's any last minute stories.
I might have missed a headline, but I don't think I did.
There is not.
I figured.
All right.
Well, that's fine.
Because we're, we're coming up on two and a half hours.
I think we're good to wrap up.
I do want to of course, thank everybody for listening tonight.
Thank you for being back this week, even though we were gone last week very randomly.
Let me tell you, I appreciate a vacation in spite of everything we talked about tonight.
I had a great time.
And I'm going again next year.
So I hope y'all are ready for it.
And that's, that's it.
Thank you so much for listening to the show.
We'll be back in seven days to talk about whatever happens this week.
Enjoy your gaming this week.
If you'd like what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but we need more voices to put out on air.
So yeah, tell a friend.
DarkSakura streaming tonight!
It's going to be a little bit short because I have work tomorrow.
I'm actually starting training that I don't need.
But yeah, it's killer night on Debbie Delight.
So it's going to happen.
Please be there.
Please stay.
I could use some company.
I've been a little down.
So I'd appreciate it.
But anyway, you don't have to.
Just it would be appreciated.
All right.
Anyway, well, and what I would like to end with.
Yes.
Everybody a little bit gay.
All right, have a good one, DarkSakura.
Bye.
All right, we'll go over to you, Loki.
What's your final thought tonight?
My final thought is that I will be well I I was getting it ready.
It's kind of already ready to go but I still want to add a few more things to it but I'll be dropping merch drop merch this week.
I'm so excited to see what quotable things you have.
Uh, it's right now.
It's all the robot master stuff from season two of channel 64.
But yeah, we'll see about adding some other non things in there.
I do need to do a pixel poop shirt.
That'd be fun.
you should do a pixel blue shirt.
All right, you have all the sprites.
I just get permission from Aaron and be the nice thing to do but I think he could be okay with it.
All right.
Um, that's gonna do it.
My final thought I don't know I have a lot of video games to catch up on and most of it is just playing things that have fucking seasonal content and stuff I need to catch up on like Diablo four and no man's sky I needed to get that expedition done that's on my list as well and then I'll get to fall fancy seven rebirth.
But that is going to do it for Orange Lingerie tonight.
Thank you all so much for being here and staying up with us tonight and listening to us in the podcast feed.
And again, joining us after a break.
We really appreciate it.
The road to 1000 episodes continues, if you can believe it.
We're six weeks away at this point from 1000 episodes.
And that is that is something no
Weekly Gaming Podcast has ever done.
Emphasis on weekly.
I know there's at least at least one other show that is more than just weekly that has done it.
But as far as a weekly show goes, we'll be the first.
So that's really exciting.
So thank you all for being here and being a part of it.
Whether you go all the way back to episode one that DJ Ranma S was quoting earlier, or others, really appreciate all of your support.
If you just joined us at episode 993 last week, or even tonight, it means just as much to us as all the rest of it.
Thanks for being here and being a part of it.
Have a great week, everybody.
Bye!
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for our live show, tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
