This week, Big Brother is watching you!
Echoes from deep within your Oculus Rift controller as Facebook deploys another shaggy defense
for its actions.
That's just one media titan getting caught on camera again.
Stay tuned for the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show where
every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio live tonight with episode number 772 for this April the 14th
of 2019.
My name is Rob Roberts here with all you lovely folks over at Twitch TV slash VOG Network
and on our podcast speed to talk about, you know, video games over the next few hours
with my co-hosts across from me sometimes on cam when she feels like it.
Say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Sup.
Hi, how are you?
I have the ache of head.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I meant to put my hat on the screen.
There we go.
Headaches are not good.
There we go.
There's my new hat.
Well, I was hoping you might actually show the, I was hoping you might show the shirt
a little bit too if you're willing.
I, hold on, I'm just reading about Captain Marvel.
Just to tell the story a little bit.
One of our listeners and longtime supporters, Chris, from the Let's Be Legendary podcast,
that's the name, right?
Picked up that shirt for you like 10 years ago and now you're able to put that on again.
You're looking fabulous.
Look at you.
All right.
And I love that you're number zero.
That's fantastic.
So there she is, everybody in the flesh.
DarkSakura or Jamie Summers.
Yeah, that's me.
All right.
Don't get used to it.
Well, I hope the headache feels better, but joining, that's what drugs are for.
Joining us also in studio.
Say hello to Techmaster Loki.
I do feel better.
Thank you for asking.
Did you have a headache too?
No, I was like, but I am the headache.
Oh, you are the headache.
I see.
Um, I got it.
Rob, you actually brought into the studio tonight and we were playing with this like
I have left trash behind minutes before the Bobby Black Wolf show gave us a call there
because we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern
at the voice of geeks network, twitch TV slash a VOG network right after the Bobby Black
Wolf show.
And you had brought this in this switch and we were checking that out.
So yes, if there's no strap or anything, you do have to just kind of like hold it up, uh,
and uh, do it this way.
But that's, that's the Nintendo Labo.
Yeah.
A lot of their, um, the toys that they require you to use just the basic headset without,
um, any attachments to it and then a controller.
It's a little awkward because they're like, hold on to the headset and hold onto the controller
at the same time.
It's like, uh, that could have been explained better, but well, I wasn't planning to talk
about this at the top of the show and I know it's kind of dabbing into our gaming weeks
a little bit.
You notice it's, it's not on the little side ticker cause I didn't plan to talk about it,
but since you did bring the Nintendo Labo VR, I'm kind of curious of your impressions
having played with it for as much as you have and putting the whole thing together.
I think it's good.
I'm just surprised how well engineered it is because all the stuff that you put together
is just very solid.
It's just the amount of time that must have taken to actually design all that is just
kind of incredible for a bunch of cardboard for a bunch of cardboard.
Yeah.
It's just, it's really well put together.
I think the thing that's most impressive is that bird attachment.
The bird is pretty cool.
Yeah.
And I don't know, can we show it on Twitch?
And I apologize to folks that are listening to us on the podcast feed, but maybe somebody
will clip this on Twitch for you or something.
Um, because the, the clip stuff on Twitch is, is totally free.
Oh, you took the beak out.
I'll put the beak back.
Okay.
So put the beak back in because, so there's this bird attachment and when you actually
put in the switch controller into the bird controller thing, which you push down to flap
the wings and all this.
It's like a little bird thing.
So there you go.
Okay.
So he's put it back together for us.
So, um, I will read some comments in chat real quick because of course, while we tape
live, we'd love to read comments in our chat room.
There you go.
And so I love that.
So the little, we are, I keep saying we mode, the switch thing becomes like the beak.
And so right now it looks like it's attacking you the way you're flapping the wings.
It's next to you.
But that's, that's what it is.
It's that's smart.
That's a very Nintendo kind of thing to do, isn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Wait, we can't hear you.
You got to remember.
Sorry.
I know you're trying to hold.
Sorry.
Then they have the camera.
And then what's kind of cool is they have it actually click like for the lens.
So you can actually, and then it's got, um, it's got the actual camera, the IR stuff facing
outwards.
So Pokemon snap VR confirmed, uh, no, well not right now.
So in this, they have two modes.
So they have one that you can actually take pictures of fish and then when you take pictures
of this thing that I think is supposed to be a cat, but it's this weird alien cat thing.
And then, um, you can take pictures of Mr. Smoosh and unfortunately it fell apart, but
I have a, uh, there's this, it's supposed to be a snorkel.
So it's a snorkel and what's kind of cool is because the infrared camera's facing out
when you wear it, the fish that's closest to you gets this weird human face.
Not, not like we're not talking about like, you know, um, Seaman human face, but it has
like these weird bug eyes and then anything that you do with your head, the fish mimics.
And so you could take pictures of that.
Oh, it's like those emojis on Apple.
It's weird, but yeah, it's, it's, it's silly.
So whatever.
Okay.
So that's, it's just a very Nintendo thing to do.
So tell us about some of the, okay, so you've obviously shown off some of the cardboard
stuff here in studio.
Um, what about like some of the games that are in it and all these like mini, there's
a lot of games in there.
So they have games for each of the like main games for each of the things that you build.
So like the camera, there's, you know, the, um, you know, take pictures of fish.
There's taking pictures of that weird cat thing, but then there's like these little
mini games that they have in this VR, like toy boxing.
So they have like cannon firing stuff.
There's um, like all sorts of weird little things you can like move around and do little
simple things.
They have, I haven't even delved into it.
There's some, they're actually non VR too.
They have like mixed up stuff like pinball and like weird things.
Um, there's like for each of the toys, there's like a bunch of mini games and then there's
a bunch of main games for it as well.
And then there's videos they have in there so you can watch like 3d videos.
Some are really weird, very Japanese.
Um, there's the whole creation stuff.
There's um, there's a lot, there's a lot.
And they even have like, I didn't even delve into it too much by looked at it.
There's like, build your own FPS, build your own adventure thing.
And like, I'm like, what is this?
I saw that in the previews.
There's a ton of stuff in there.
Um, now dark Sakura, you, I know you don't usually do the VR thing because you know,
you get headaches and motion sickness.
You've talked about before, even when playing first person shooters, but you, the curiosity
took over, you had to peak.
So what did you think for the two minutes you did it?
I watched birds swing around on poles and like, like when those little, hold on, like
that.
Yeah.
And then, um, yeah, like cause everyone who's not watching will really see that I did twisty
fingers.
Um, I w I wanted to knock the blocks over that were forming the menu cause I couldn't
get shit to happen, but I was just hitting the wrong button.
No way to be fair.
We rushed through this to try to, and I was feeling really sick even after the first 30
seconds.
Yeah.
And then my eyes like will un-focus on things and then they won't refocus and then it's
instant vertigo.
But I did notice when you sat down, you still said something about, I want to see the breath
of the wild.
Yeah.
I'd still want to like, just look around and breath of the wild, like tourist mode.
I feel like that's what most people are going to do because the breath of the wild thing
isn't in it yet.
Right?
No, that doesn't come out until next week.
Two weeks.
Right.
So, uh, and I also don't have breath of the wild.
So, you know, you can use my coffee demo for VR.
You got it.
Yeah.
But I imagine most people, like I cannot imagine sitting there trying to actually play breath
of the wild.
I mean, I know you could plug in the joy cons.
Thank you for chat for, you're going to have to, cause there's no way you can hold everything.
I was like, you would, I would be able to even use the, um, the pro controller.
I don't even get sick, emotion sick really.
I mean, well, I don't, I don't like to do VR for more than like 30 minutes.
I just don't like, I have to take a break every now and then, but I think that's kind
of normal.
I think they encourage you to take breaks from for three days.
They say it a lot, even when you're building everything, they're all, why don't you take
a break?
Take a break.
You've been doing this for too long.
Stop.
You earned it.
But anyway, uh, I can only see myself doing the, uh, breath of the wild stuff in short
bursts.
Like, like I would go into a temple and be like, Ooh, pretty look around or climb to
the top of a mountain.
Ooh, that's pretty done, you know, but I guess, you know, if it was a relatively easy thing
for Nintendo to implement, which it must've been, uh, then, you know, cool.
It's like added value.
I love when Nintendo puts like new value in like really old titles.
And they've been pretty good about doing this a lot.
Yeah.
So, uh, apparently HBO go crashed from all the people watching that other thing that's
going on tonight.
Uh huh.
So there's already bets as to who dies first.
All right.
Well, let's not, let's not talk about that.
Let's focus on video games, uh, and comments in our chat over at twitch.tv slash vog network,
uh, double O Waldorf, who I'm gonna refer to here.
What game are we talking about?
The Nintendo Labo, uh, VR experience.
And then breath of the wild, uh, being plugged in there, but I do want to start today's show
kind of like segue.
So we talked about like Nintendo adding these value experiences to really, you know, older
titles.
I want to start with what I had planned to do for the kickoff topic tonight and talk
a little bit about maybe not so great free, not free things in games.
Uh, and this is a trend I think we're seeing, um, it's not unique to this game, but we're
seeing it more often, and this is definitely a big title.
Uh, so Resident Evil 2 got a remake recently.
I know dark soccer, you're a big fan, right?
So I'd be very curious what you think about this.
So apparently, uh, what you can do, uh, is if you want, you can just pay $4.99 and you
can buy in the shop, an in game rewards unlock add on, and this would allow you to unlock
the two extra playable modes, costumes, bonus weapon and art.
And it should be noted.
All of these things are what you would unlock.
Yeah.
We have them anyway.
Right.
You guys did the same way.
So this is the whole pay $5 to get it now type of thing is you get it anyway.
Yeah.
But, but if you're impatient and we should point out, it isn't, this is not a trend in
the industry.
You know, it's just, this is, it was either mafia two or the Godfather, I think it was
the Godfather.
I was Godfather on the Godfather because on Xbox 360 you had, um, the cheats that were
in the game where paid DLC versus the PlayStation two and Xbox versions of that game.
The cheats were button presses that you would do like a combination of button presses, unlock
different cheats, but they've decided EA, of course, I know shocking, um, decided that
they would sell that to you because they like all of the money.
So that's why this is the way it is.
And that's why our industry is the way it is.
Well now the 360, you know, that was several years ago at this point.
So apparently this trend, I mean, my people must be buying them or we wouldn't continue
to do this.
Right.
All right.
They dangle it in front of you because what's the worst that's going to happen.
It doesn't get purchased.
I mean, who cares?
It's just, it's a key and I'm sure it's very minimal because yeah, because I bet Sony and
Microsoft, I mean, I don't know this to be true.
Maybe you know, but I bet Sony and Microsoft don't exactly charge these guys money to have
these things on the store.
I mean, maybe if steam charged people a little more money, which I guess they do charge like
a hundred bucks.
What to get listed on the store.
We have all this recoupable.
Yeah.
That's right.
It's recoupable and all that.
But, um, yeah.
So, I mean, I guess there's really no harm in putting it out there cause some people
are going to buy it if nothing else.
And it's, it's just this whole mobile marketplace type thing, you know, even I was watching
psych impressions of the, uh, elder scrolls blades that just recently came out and how
grindy that is.
Like you earn chests in the game.
It's like, Oh, but you're going to wait five minutes to open that chest.
I did see a story today.
We cut it from the show, uh, roll tonight because I don't think any of us have played
the elder scrolls blades yet.
I don't know.
Dark soccer.
Did you check it out?
I know you play a lot of cell phone music and she's saying no.
So, um, but, uh, I heard that like as of like today or yesterday, Bethesda's actually responded.
They are going to be adjusting some of that balance, adjusting, not removing, adjusting.
You know, a lot of angry people on the internet have made them kind of reevaluate that stuff.
And probably a lot of those one star reviews in the store and they have kept many meaning
to check it out.
I wanted to check it out.
They have adjusted some things.
Like there are certain chests, I think that took like five hours to open and they dropped
it down to like one hour instead or something like that.
But I don't know.
It's just not my thing.
It's a mobile game.
I know that they want to say, well, it's a true elder elder scrolls experience, but no,
it's not.
It's a mobile game.
It's a mobile game experience.
Do we think now I'm curious and I want to ask our chat room this as well over at twitch
TV slash vog network.
I want to look at the other side because I think a lot of us gamers, especially those
that have been around for a very long time, uh, remember the days of up, up, down, down,
left, right, left, right.
BA start was the only, you know, coach you needed right to unlock the extra help or whatever.
Um, I'm curious if anybody would be willing to say they see a positive in this.
Like maybe there's a reason you would want to do this.
I mean, my, I don't really like it, so I'm really having to kind of try to put my feet
or my, you know, put the other shoes on my feet to kind of think this way.
But I'm thinking like maybe like a positive could be, you know, we have had a lot of talk
about how difficult some games can be.
And maybe if some people are willing to pay to make that easier, although like as the
words will leave you in my mouth, I kind of go, God, that just seems shitty though.
Like, no, I don't think, no, I don't think we should have to pay for that.
But okay.
Like maybe I'm not phrasing it the right way, but my point is that like, how, how many people
can beat Contra, even people that, that claim to be hardcore.
Yes.
I know, you know, you and your husband, Jamie, but you guys are anomalies.
You know that, but how many people can beat Contra without that code?
Right.
So y'all need a little bit of skill adjustment once in a while.
All of you do except, except that the crazy people like dark Sakura and her husband.
But that was the half the fun, like with games, like I would love have, I loved owning the
game genie because I'd rent stuff and I'd play it and if it's too hard, I just go find
the codes for it.
Of course, back then you didn't have like the internet to find codes.
You had to rely on either gaming magazines or you had to buy a code book that had games
in it.
And then hopefully the one that you're trying to play has, you know, codes for it.
But that was, that was where the fun was because 30 lives wasn't even enough sometimes with
Contra.
Yeah, that's, that's the truth.
So, and it's funny because later in the show we're going to be taking a look at like old
Nintendo games that get boosted, uh, in the Nintendo switch online library.
And sometimes even that isn't enough to get certain things.
Yeah.
So some games still remain very, very hard, but again, Oh, you know what?
Great example.
Here's Nintendo boosting something for free while these other companies are charging five
bucks for it.
But it's not just, you know, and I know I pick you on Resident Evil here, but of course
we know EA does this as well.
Uh, heck our show, our roots are in music gaming, right?
I'm positive that when I went on PlayStation four, there was a DJ max technica thing that
you could download that would unlock everything that you would get just from playing enough
of this.
You know how like every time you play like three or four songs, you get a little thing
and sometimes you get extra songs.
And I'm not talking DLC, I'm talking like some of the extra like remixes and some of
the original tracks that show up in the game, they sell a key to unlock all that stuff out
the gate as well.
Cause it does take a long time to unlock.
And I get that if you have, you know, less time to play that stuff and you want to play
certain things, maybe that's an option for you.
But at the same time, when you do stuff like that, it kind of ruins the point of the game.
Cause the whole point is that you're unlocking everything.
And once you've unlocked everything, then then what?
I mean, I guess it was music and we can play songs and get better at them, but you know,
what's the point if we're like unlock, I don't, I don't know.
I think if you're going to put that option in there, that it should be something that
is free later on down the road or something, but they can make a buck and people aren't
going to complain about it.
Although apparently people write articles about it.
So somebody not like it, but at the same time, it's been like this for years now and it's
more of like, Oh, there's another company doing that.
So we're going to buy their game because so if you don't like, am I going to protest
everybody?
If you don't like it, don't buy it.
Um, the end of the end of the day, right?
Bottom line.
If you don't like it, don't buy it.
Most important thing.
Well, I mean, you can't say that about everything because there are some games now and they've
gotten smart about it is like, they'll patch that shit in later.
So like for example, call of duty, modern warfare remastered, you know, call of duty.
Modern warfare is probably one of the best FPS games, you know, ever made.
Then they decided, Hey, you know what?
We're just going to go ahead and fucking put some loot boxes in there now, even though
you purchased the game and they weren't in there originally.
And if you're totally taking a lot of shit, totally getting that to that, but we're going
to throw it in there now.
You know what though?
I can resell you that DLC.
I liked what you kind of like referenced there where you said something about like you could
come back a year later and then it could be free.
Like that would be a great way for developers to kind of get people to revisit maybe an
old title is that after a year, why not just put out that sort of DLC for free?
And the value is that more people revisit the game, more people play the game, talk
about the games.
And then you can sell your resident evil, whatever remaster or you put the game on sale
and now maybe you sell a few more copies because people know they can just unlock everything
out the gate or whatever.
Maybe we're stopping them before.
I think that's a, that's a very Nintendo ish idea to, to do is just like make that code
or whatever free a year, maybe if even that long, six months after the game is out, maybe
I guess if they feel the need to charge for it out the gate, then whatever.
I still don't think all they'll do is they'll bundle it together with the game.
They'll reduce the price down to the original cost of the game, be like, look at the deal
you're getting.
And I'm sorry, I can't, I can't give, I can't give this industry the benefit of the social
media sees straight.
Where do people find out about most of those sales, social media, who sees through that
shit right off the bat, social media, you know what I mean?
So I feel like, like, I realize a lot of game company, executive boardroom type discussions
don't think gamers are that smart, but like, I kind of think we are.
And like, you know, your sale is not going to gain a lot of traction if, if it's very
clear, it's a stupid sale.
Yeah.
So that's where my head's at on that anyway.
Uh, let's see, going to our chat over Twitch TV slash vog network, uh, pod culture says
Forza horizon has a key to unlock a map, to find all the barn find cars.
Uh, and Bobby adds to that and that last damn bonus board.
Yeah.
And that's like stuff, you know, and I always thought that was really silly too, because
I was like, you have an internet and the internet, all the location, I mean, I understand it's
awfully convenient to just unlock it in the game and then use the magic GPS to take you
there.
I get it.
But like, it's not like you can't, can't download a high resolution map and just see everything
right there.
Like it's just, it's kind of blows my mind that they actually make money off that, but
I get it.
People want to collect stuff and those types of collectible games, I guess.
Um, let's see.
And Bobby says, it's hard to figure out which bonus boards you don't have when there's 200
though.
But once the point out, I've never paid for the treasure map, but I see.
So it's kind of like you're sitting there at one 99 out of 200, you have no idea where
that last board is.
Maybe looking at a map on the internet isn't going to help because you're going to see
all 200.
You're not going to remember which one 99 yard.
I remember that they did something similar to that.
I think it was in crackdown one where they, they, uh, for people that were down to like
the very last few things it was, they actually had it where the, there was a detector that
kind of let you know where some of the last few orbs to collect were because I know when
it got down, it's like, Oh great, I have two left.
Where the hell are they?
I've been all over this map like crazy.
So it like actually makes them louder so you can hear them and stuff because yeah, it was
a pain in the ass.
In crackdown one, I never did get all of them because I couldn't find the last, like however
many I had left, probably less than five.
And I was like all over that map, uh, at depth points out the dragon ball fighter Z also
does it.
And you can buy a key to unlock some of the characters that you unlock will play in the
game.
But I could see a little bit too, because like if you're saying, um, not really into
just going through the story mode and progressing through that, normally maybe you're into the
fighting game scene or something and you want to play those characters that you want to
main as, then maybe unlocking them now would be beneficial to you.
I don't know, but see, you know, back then what we used to do is just download a save
off the internet and then put it in there and all this stuff is unlocked or there would
be a code you'd put in a menu and unlock all the characters or a game genie code that would
unlock all the characters.
I mean, there's lots of ways around everything.
We need, where, where did the game G Gottlieb, is that who made the game genie?
We need them to come back and make a game genie for the PlayStation four and the Xbox
one.
That's what we need.
What do you mean you can't?
You can't do that anymore.
Hacks.
Hack the planet.
I can't.
I can't put the CD in the cartridge.
It doesn't work.
You're not trying hard enough.
Can't push the digital games.
You can put Linux on it, Loki.
There's gotta be a way.
Just get the game genie.
Oh, Galoob.
Sorry.
It was very simple.
Thank you.
It was Galoob.
Are they even around still?
Gottlieb makes pinball games, I think.
They did.
They made the game genie.
What's that?
Is that like tilting the table?
It's like going into the menu and changing the rule set.
Or sawing the legs down.
And then putting a big blocker right behind the flippers.
Or turning the tilt off.
Or what we used to do is strip, or put a rubber band in between the, was it the channels going
down towards the bottom?
Just put rubber bands on the side so it only can go down the center.
Oh, permanent like ball save?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
We did it with Attack on Mars.
That was fun.
Okay.
Made the game much easier.
A lot easier than it would have been otherwise.
I like that.
Alright.
Let's get into some other topics that we have here at Orange Laundry tonight.
One way we always like to start the show is by talking about our gaming weeks and the
types of video games that we've been playing this week.
So Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Eh.
That fun, huh?
I really didn't do much.
I've been playing a lot of Animal Crossing on my phone and trying to farm an ingress
at work.
You know, just little bits and pieces, it's just, I've had migraines all week from some
problems I'm having in my neck.
And so it's been really hard for me to just sit and look at a screen for any significant
amount of time outside of doing my job.
But you're building up hype for Animal Crossing on Switch, right?
I really want it.
I know.
And then Dan will never see the Switch again.
He'll have to buy a second one.
Right.
Alright.
Well, if that's all you got for now.
Oh, and pinball.
I mean, there is pinball.
Okay.
So there is still that.
So you're still you're still gaming something.
It's just not maybe video games right now.
Yeah.
What?
You guys just got a new pinball table, right?
No.
Well, we had Ghostbusters for a while.
That was our last new one.
I thought there was something.
We sold Demolition Man.
Okay.
So we're selling Monopoly.
Right.
And you're selling.
I may be selling World Cup to Melomelody.
Right.
Okay.
I thought there was something coming in to replace one of those.
Black Knight, Sword of Rage.
Okay.
Maybe.
Because now Dan's like, I'm like, shut up.
We're getting it.
You tell him.
And Steve Ritchie did all the voices in it again.
He was also the designer of the table, of course.
He did all the voices again.
And I think that all the guitar in it was written by someone from Anthrax.
Why not?
It was pretty good stuff.
Nice.
All right.
Loki, how about you?
How was your gaming week?
I played.
Well, I built a lot of Labo VR stuff.
So I got that on Friday and I've been building it pretty much ever since.
I have still two more toy cons to build.
I've got the elephant and the wind flapper.
I don't know what they call it.
It's a pedal thing with the...
It's the one that they have the Toad picture that they posted on the Nintendo Twitter account.
Everyone's like, why are you stepping on Toad's penis over and over?
I get it.
He's supposed to be doing sis, but it looked like you're just stomping on his penis.
I'm not going to paint Toad on mine.
So we're not going to have that problem.
So I played lots of that.
I actually did finish the Toy-Con Blaster earlier today and actually played some of
that.
And that's actually really cool.
It's kind of like an on-rails shooting gallery type thing.
And so it's hard to see from there, but you actually pull it back and it clicks and then
you push a button and it's almost like firing a rubber band gun or something like that.
But it's really cool and it's a lot easier to hold than holding the headset by itself.
So I did that and then I've been playing Borderlands Remastered a bit.
I had the hardest time getting it to run and it still crashes every now and then.
It's just some general protection fault thing.
It could be because I'm modding my saves.
I don't think so, but it might be that.
It shouldn't cause the game to crash.
I've never had that problem before, but you know, I have to cheat.
It's Borderlands.
I've already played through the whole game once, so I don't care anymore.
Not even once, several times.
But it's just fun to mess around with that stuff.
But I'm like level 15 now and yeah.
So it's been okay.
And then what else?
Pokemon Go, I guess.
A little bit of that and a little bit of working on my game.
And that's it.
Okay.
My Gaming Week may surprise you.
I am still playing Borderlands Remastered.
I'm not having these problems you're having, but I'm also not fucking with my game.
But it was doing it before I fucked with my game, so I think it's actually the game.
No, I've been playing it just the way it comes on the computer.
And I've been playing it.
I mean, I don't play the 4K, I play 2K, but it runs really well in the 2K mode.
And I talked a little bit about this last week, I don't want to repeat too much, but
I've still been playing.
I think that's noteworthy because you guys know how often video games hold my attention
for more than a week as new things come out.
I'm up to level 17 now, which for me is pretty good.
I guess that doesn't sound that high.
I heard you beat the game around level 35, right?
I don't remember.
I don't know.
So I don't know how many levels you go through in the game, but I'm at level 17.
I feel like I've done a lot.
I've only beaten the second boss so far.
Is that when you go into the hideout and you're like in a big circular room and there's this
big guy, scary, because I think I just did that part.
Maybe I only did nine toes.
I thought I fought the second guy, but maybe not yet.
Okay.
So I did this whole area, I think the last thing I remember doing, it was either that
or it was the one where you have all these shock crystals and you blow up the shock crystals
and pick up the little fragments they leave behind.
And then he makes a shot.
Maybe I only got this quest because I'm the soldier, I don't know.
But he makes a thing that you put on your turret and now it does shock bullets from
the turret.
So that's like the last thing I did.
Oh, that's yeah.
That's another side quest, I think.
But here's, here's the thing that's made.
Okay.
So like with Borderlands, I felt like the game was like kind of hard because you have
limited ammo, right?
Even though it kind of like seems to drop from everything.
And I think that's kind of the trick.
Like even though I kind of get annoyed at how everything responds, I think there's a
method to the madness because I think like if you're running low on ammo and for whatever
reason you can't afford it, although I noticed it's really cheap.
So I think that's by design is that they make the ammo really cheap so that you can't easily
run out.
But like also even though some of the monsters level up, not all of them do.
Like I noticed right outside that Firestone town, those little, um, Scott, what are they
called?
The skags, skogs, skags, skags, those things that hang out, they never go up beyond level
two.
So if you just kill those things, which is really easy, you can melee kill them when
they're level two and you're like level five, um, you they'll drop ammo too.
So you can kind of farm it that way.
So there is a way to do it where you're not really running out of things, but it will
take a little selling guns.
You do that.
You can do that too.
But where I'm really feeling progression now, and I know this is funny to some of you because
this game is how old is like 10 years old at this point.
And I'm like just discovering it for the first time where some of you have been playing it
for forever, but maybe you can appreciate that now I'm discovering it.
Um, I just got in this last little thing that I did.
Um, I got, somebody dropped a purple shield and it's like, it was like twice the shielding
of the one I had.
It went up from like 160 to like 300.
Okay.
And it has very fast health regeneration and I was like, yes, this is exactly what I needed
because I kept dying because there's like no, are you using the shift keys as well?
Because they have shift keys that they post online and you can read, you can redeem them
on your, um, like the shift key to run it.
You're talking like a DLC thing.
Yeah.
They're shift keys.
So you can register on the borderland site under your VIP thing or whatever, and then
you can unlock, uh, there's a chest in Firestone you can unlock and you get loot from there.
It's like rare loot.
Oh, it's free.
Oh, that's how you open that.
Yeah.
So you have to get shift keys.
So you go online, just search.
And I mean, I don't think they expire really.
And you just, you can put as many of them in as you want and they unlocks five each
time.
Passcodes and ingress for gear.
Yeah, sort of.
Yeah.
Okay.
Wow.
Interesting.
But if it's something, does it generate stuff at my level?
Cause maybe I want to hang on to those till I'm like,
um, yes.
Oh, so maybe there's, you don't want to just burn them all at level one.
That might not be a good idea.
Yeah.
He probably wants one gain a few levels.
Use another gain.
Okay.
Okay.
That's probably what I'll do that.
Like I got a shield out of that one time.
Yeah.
But now that I have that purple shield, I feel like, okay, I can actually go in there
and take them.
Cause like I'm supposed to, I think the soldiers, the tanky guy, right.
Or is it the, maybe there's another guy that's like really big and bulky.
It's probably him.
Yeah.
Soldiers never laid the tank guy.
Okay.
I don't know.
He has the tour.
I, the turret thing sounded, I was like, Oh, uh, that's like mass effect with the drone.
I'll like that guy.
And I do because I remember the first time I played border lands years ago, I played
the girl who's like the siren.
And although that was a cool ability, like knowing my sense of what I need in first person
shooters and how I do better in those games, I went with the turret building guy because
I'm like, Ooh, I like turrets.
I like, that's like the type of character I like to play.
That's why I like Symmetra and Overwatch.
And I always play as the hunter mortar guy is that now he, he probably uses snipers,
huh?
He's sniper rifles in, uh, revolvers and pistols are his specialties.
Those are the ones that he loves.
Look faster.
Okay.
Everybody can use everything, but it's, yeah.
Because I've been, I was using the sniper rifle a lot to like, like what I will do is
like, I'll use this when I'm a distance away, I'll use the sniper rifle to attack them.
And then that kind of like agros them, then they come at me.
And then I was using a pistol cause I had a really good pistol, but I noticed, I looked,
I looked at the skill trees and I was like, Oh, here's a shotgun ability.
So let me set out for a shotgun.
So now I use the, I was using the sniper rifle to pull them in and then I'd shotgun them
down.
Right.
Good strategy.
Right.
But, uh, I just recently replaced the sniper rifle with a rocket launcher.
That's a much better way to get people's attention.
Yes.
Well, Doug, and you have to be subtle with one and absolute opposite of subtle with the
other.
I'm not a subtle person.
So yeah, it's, it's, it's so weird to me that I'm talking about like Borderlands strategy.
I never thought I would like get into this game, but Mass Effect, I didn't enjoy the
first time.
Right.
But now I'm kind of like into Borderlands.
Some of the humor is a little bit toilet, but whatever.
It's it's fine.
And I, I, I let it go.
I'm just, whatever.
It's there is something really fucking satisfying about like when you get the car that you could
just run over enemies and their blood splatters everywhere and H I definition.
I'm like, that is really satisfying.
So yeah, I, I'm liking Borderlands y'all.
Now there's a reason to have this poster back here besides the fact that one of our listeners
got it for us.
And I also, look, look, he always liked Borderlands.
I also play a zero all the time when I play in Borderlands two.
Yeah.
So I, I'm going to try to really finish this one and then try to play two and maybe make
my way to Borderlands three.
I don't know.
Anyway.
I'm looking at some comments in chat over at Twitch TV slash VOG network.
Bobby Blackwell points out, I also picked the soldier because of the turret, the necromancer
in Borderlands two also had a turret.
I think.
Yes.
I would imagine that's having a little helper is kind of a standard class design thing I
think is usually one of the arch types if you will.
Um, other games I've been playing this week, Final Fantasy 14, I'm back, I'm back on that
bullshit.
Uh, I leveled my, so my astrologian has always kind of been my main and I've, that's been
70 the max level.
My white mage hit 70 in this past week and my scholar is now level 66.
So by the end of next week, I should have every healer in Final Fantasy 14 at maximum
level.
Why?
I don't know.
It's fun.
It's a thing.
It's a thing.
It's a thing.
I'm working.
It's just a thing.
It's a thing.
Um, so there's that.
And then of course, Pokemon go like you guys, community day was yesterday.
Um, so we went down to Capitol park, our usual stomping grounds for that.
And what was it?
It was bacon.
And it was bag on, but I said, I didn't get a single shiny.
You didn't?
Well, I'll trade you one later than maybe I forgot that it was at that time.
I thought it was earlier in the day.
Oh, you know what they've been doing?
It's kind of, well, it seems permanent, but they could change it whenever, but it seems
like they figured out a way to roll it out in every time zone.
And that probably has been helping with the server issues immensely too, but it's every
time zone from three to 6 PM.
And I like the later hours for now, but like, it's not like it'll work for maybe one more
month.
But when we get into June and July three to 6 PM is like the hottest point of the day.
No, thank you.
It's going to be like 115 out.
So I'll be playing at the Galleria again, because I'll play at an indoor mall and I'm
not playing out at the park in that kind of heat.
So I'm hoping they go back to the earlier hours, but yeah, for now the three to six
has been kind of interesting, but I caught a seven shiny bake-ons, which is pretty good
because the first hour and a half I only had one.
And then I just got like three more and then that was when Alan and I were like, okay,
we're good.
Cause he, he also got like way more in the second half than the first half.
And we, so we each had our three and we're like, okay, we're done.
And so I switched to my Bluetooth, my gotcha.
And I was catching that way and I caught like three more shinies from the gotcha.
So there you go.
That was a pretty good, except none of them were very good appraisals.
That's the only kind of bummer.
So and then one of my friends who plays like super casually and doesn't really care about
shinies, but he does want to fill his pokey decks.
He needed a far-fetched cause he, he guess he wasn't playing when that event happened
or whatever.
He's never hatched one.
So I got a far-fetched and he gave me a shiny Q bone for it.
I'm like, are you sure you want to give up a shiny?
He's like, I don't care.
I don't care about shiny thing, but I want that far-fetched.
I was like, okay, so I got another shiny that I needed.
So I got the Q bone.
So, uh, which is also good because that was the ingress event shiny and that's the enlightened
one was the Q bone.
So I finally got one of those.
I do, even though I'm not a resistance person, uh, the pony does that are the blue ones.
Those are really good.
Like I have, they're, they just look fucking cool.
Like I have to have those.
So, but I don't have one of those yet.
So, uh, anyway.
Oh, you don't?
I think I have one.
The blue pony tusks?
I don't have one of those either.
Cause I got one of those first.
Oh, hang on to those.
Cause yeah, unless you, when you get two, I'll trade you shiny.
So I've got, I have like multiple shiny swab blues.
I know that's one that like hasn't had a community day.
I've just hatched a bunch and some turn out shiny.
I wish I could part with my togepi.
I have two shiny togepis.
Well, one of them's a shiny toga kiss.
What's the, no, what's the last, there's a third one.
Really?
Gen four toga kiss, I think is the last one or something like that.
So that's the, uh, my, my only one of those is a shiny because since it was a hatch, it
was also a wonder or highest level appraisal.
So it made sense to do that one.
So yeah.
Um, yeah.
Anyway, Pokemon, Pokemon.
Oh, maybe, maybe I transferred it to, uh, I transferred the Pokemon.
Let's go.
You, you put a shiny and let's go.
Yeah.
Cause I don't give a crap about this stuff.
Save me all the shinies ever.
All right.
Yeah.
It wasn't.
You need to get yourself a Bluetooth catcher.
That's, that's been great for shinies.
Just you have to just remember to kind of sit there and clean up your Pokemon all the
time.
And it's, it's only really works when walking.
They really nerfed it when driving.
But since I've been trying to walk more and do the fitness thing more, um, I've been using
like I'll go walk the giant park, not far, not, not the park that's close to the house,
but the giant park.
It's a little further from the house.
I've been walking that pretty regularly.
And like, I'll use my Bluetooth to catch, I'll play ingress and I'm walking and it's
exercise.
Postmates is expensive.
Yes.
Yes it is.
For pita kitchen anyway.
All right.
Anyway.
Uh, that's it for my gaming week.
So I guess, uh, we can get into some housekeeping real quick.
You can always follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash O L R.
We're also on Facebook, facebook.com slash orange Laundrio.
And of course, if you aren't already following us on Twitch at VOG network, VOG network,
I would really hope that you fix that.
Thank you to everybody who helps us out on Twitch through all your hosts, your bitty
donations are appreciated as well.
The bits, uh, and, uh, the, the, um, subscriptions are really, really amazing.
You guys have really shown up and we're so happy.
Uh, you guys have been supporting us on Twitch for the past few months, ever since we switched
to Twitch in December.
And there's been a lot of exciting news on the Twitch front lately, right?
Uh, we got some new emotes, so I know Bobby Black Wolf has this little, a Wolf emote and
we're going to have one that represents a well are pretty soon.
We've been talking about it behind the scenes.
I think we know what we're going to go with, but we'll have an OLR emote very soon.
Uh, that's going to be a thing.
And then I'm hearing something about, uh, um, at the Twitch con Europe, I think happened
this weekend, right?
Yeah.
I saw the thing.
They were talking about like highlight reels.
Like, like something about the volume of your chat and the clips that are made will make
this highlight reel at the end of your, so I'm really curious to see what the highlight
reels end up being for the show because it sounds, it sounds very play of the game and
Overwatch, like it kind of uses an algorithm to figure out like what the highlight is.
Those always work well.
Yeah.
I'm, I'm really curious to see how those turn out.
And there's other stuff too.
We'll talk about.
It's going to be, it's a little later.
It's going to be like him, me talking all of a sudden, it's so much fun.
God damn it.
Fuck you algorithm.
Oh, now I really want that to happen.
All right, let's get into some gaming news for now.
Uh, start us off, Logie.
All right.
Apparently, uh, Bungee has been blocking people from using a weapon that they accidentally
sold to them in destiny.
Um, so that seems to have, there was a, some exclusive stuff that they had in PlayStation
four.
There's this weapon that was, uh, the exotic trace rifle wave splitter, and apparently
this traveling alien salesman would sell you and, uh, somehow that, uh, wave splitter was
made available, uh, to players on Xbox and PC.
And of course, you know, they, they're aware of the issue and they're working on a fix
in the meantime though, if you've, um, acquired that weapon, you're not gonna be able to use
it.
So even if you paid for it, sorry, that's money not well spent and they're not going
to refund them.
I think that that's maybe what they're working on doing.
They haven't said that they're going to do that yet, but most likely that's going to
have to be the outcome unless it's going to become a non-exclusive weapon.
Um, so I don't know.
Here's my, my honest to God reaction to this story that I'm hearing.
Like I realized it was a mistake and so forth.
First off, we know these exclusive sorts of things are really silly.
Like I understand why it happens in the industry.
I get it.
You know, people like Sony offer money, they offer, and Microsoft does it too.
Nintendo kind of doesn't need to, well, no, I take that back.
Nintendo does it too with things like star link, the Ubisoft thing, right?
That practically became a Starbucks game.
So Nintendo does this too.
Speaking of which, they have that on sale.
Yeah, I heard.
It was down to like 30 bucks.
Bargain basement prices.
Yeah.
But I might need to pick that up.
But anyway.
The Switch version too.
I don't want to digress.
I don't want to digress.
All right, sorry.
So Sony, um, you know, spends this money on Destiny.
I'm, I'm only picking on them because we're talking about destiny, but my point is every
company does this.
Okay.
So this isn't like a Sony problem.
This is an industry problem.
So, um, they pay money to get these exclusives, either they're paying money or they're offering
advertising, booth space, trade type of MDF is what they call it.
Oh, fancy.
What's MDF stand for?
It's, uh, I think it's marketing development funds or something like that.
I don't know.
Less fancy.
That's all right.
MDF is that's the, that's the ad dollars.
It's basically it's ad dollars.
So what it is is they, they say, I'm going to give you $100,000 MDF, you know, and so
what the company has to do is they have to show them how they're spending that on marketing.
So they submit, okay, here's our print ad run that we're going to do, or here's our
TV advertisement, you know, and the, all the money behind it.
All right.
Thank you for the peak behind the curtain, but it's kinda, it's with all respect, it's
not surprising.
That's kind of what I figured was going on.
Right.
So they're paying the money for the exclusives, whether we'd like it or not, even though we
think it's like, it's just kind of like ridiculous or whatever.
Like why, you know, why can't Microsoft and PC, when it comes to destiny, just have the
same things.
It's really, really ridiculous.
I get it when it's IP things.
Okay.
I get why Nintendo or excuse me, Sony and Microsoft can't have Star Fox in their version
of Starlink.
I get it when it comes to IP, but that's why I thought one of the coolest things ever was
back in the day, Soul Calibur 2, right?
And how like Nintendo got Link, Sony got Hahachi, Microsoft got Spawn, right?
So that was kind of a weird one, but it, you know, it was still, they got something special
too.
And that was kind of neat.
Right?
I'm like, I don't know, master chief, there's not really any really space shooting years
ago.
It doesn't matter.
So they put master chief in a million games.
It's fine.
Spawn's cool.
So anyway, um, but it is really like, okay, the thing and the kind of the point I'm trying
to get to with this is that, okay, so it was a mistake that they opened it up and sold
these weapons, but these are not like, it's not like these are Sony branded weapons, right?
These aren't like God of war guns, right?
They're not like, um, horizon, zero dawn bullets or things like that.
Right.
These are just guns that are marked for PlayStation exclusives.
Right.
Yeah.
So here's my thing is that like, Hey, this is a silly thing to have exclusive.
They should just open it up already, but be fine.
The economy is what it is.
Capitalism is what it is.
Deals and wheels and all that are what they are.
But if they opened it up and they accidentally sold these things, I'm sorry, but you done
fucked up.
You let people keep them.
Okay.
And that's so that's your fault.
And honestly, in this society we live in, Loki, it, this is going to be a lawsuit in
six months.
No, it's lawsuit in six months.
Funny that you mentioned six months, though, because this is what's going to, this is the
fix.
Okay.
So this is the fix six days because see, while it's an exclusive weapon, like most things
that are exclusive on multi-platform, um, games, it's a timed exclusive weapons.
So what's going to happen is you will have it in your inventory if you purchase it, but
you can't use it until September of this year.
So what dot, dot, dot.
So it's a timed exclusive.
So you know, you fucked up.
Just deal with it.
Like you, you fucked up.
Open it up.
Just lucky fucking people that got that when they could like, just deal with it.
Like I just, I feel like this just ends in lawsuit.
Well, by the time the lawsuit happens, it'll be out in the general public and it won't
fucking matter because you'll be able to use it again.
So what happens if I like, if I go to, um, target and I buy, um, peppermint Hershey's
kisses or something, even though it's not Christmas, does target come to my house and
repossess those kisses?
And then they're like, we're sorry, you don't get your money back, but come December, you
can come back and get these and we'll give them to you.
Like that's not how it fucking works though.
They hold it in your general inventory, so it's in your cabinet, but you can't touch
it.
They padlock your cabinet until September.
That's not, that's not how this works.
That's not how any of this works.
I'm telling you a lawsuit.
That's just, thank God that this isn't fallout 76 and that gun has weight to it and stuck
in your inventory for six months until you can, you know, actually use it and weighing
it down.
Guys, you don't enter chat at a Twitch TV slash vlog network says the problem is not
the marketing.
It was probably blocked because gamers are screaming.
Opie.
It happens too much with games.
That's the real problem.
I don't know if that's what happened, but that's what I suspect I kind of get.
I get your reference, but I think in this particular example, they are selling that
gun on Sony's micro marketplace and Sony players aren't screaming, Opie, are they on?
Maybe they are.
Okay.
But regardless, it's functioning on one platform.
This is just about, Oh, well due to our agreement with Sony, even though we're the ones that
fucked up and somehow open that sale on other marketplaces on PC and Xbox live and all this,
you were still going to lock it away from you because we have to honor our deal with
Sony and it's like, you just need to admit you fucked up and there should be some type
of clause in your contract with Sony where it's like, you know, we made a boo boo, but
in good faith we pulled it from the store as soon as we realized there was an issue
and it's still going to be exclusive until such a such day.
Like they're not going to do that.
God, what's going to happen is everyone's going to forget about it next week and then
it'll just come available to, no, we'll talk about, I want to, I want a reminder.
That's not going to happen at the top of every L R justice for death.
Just forget all that happened because there's so much news that it's just going to be forgotten
and the next thing someone will be mad at, I can't even think about like what few weeks
ago we were mad at.
Do I need to put, is everyone still mad at Metro Exodus is on, um, the, was the Epic
story and people still remember that or cause they're mad about borderlands three now or
whatever next Epic exclusive they get.
Do we need a little like, you know, you know how at the beginning of every year, you know,
every show here on Twitch, we have our little parody intro.
Maybe we need another slide that says, Hey, hashtag remember things were mad at things
were mad.
Yeah.
The list of things to remember.
We're mad at.
Do we need like a Wiki page?
I bet RTC would be willing to make a Wiki page.
I just fall.
I just fall and told him, I'm like, unlike the, uh, was it like the wall of fame that
like certain other podcasts have that they write their listener names on their world,
right?
All the things that were mad at.
So the wall of shame, the list of grievances, lists of grievances.
The orange lounge list of grievances.
We can move this poster and put like a big whiteboard here and have the orange lounge
radio list of grievances.
Do you want to do that?
Cause we'll make a list of grievances of how expensive this crap is coming soon.
Coming soon.
The orange launch radio list of grievances.
Awesome.
No, it's needed.
It's needed.
I don't even play.
I don't even play destiny and I'm mad.
All right.
$13 for cheese and bacon and egg burrito.
Delivery's expensive.
Yo.
All right.
I'm hungry.
All right.
Yeah.
You're hungry.
Uh, it has just 200.
Matt says the airing of the grievances.
Yes.
Bobby Black Wolf says an on notice board.
No, we would not want to copy anybody else.
This is a list of grievances.
TM Pat pending, O L R uh, it's the orange lounge log.
Yes.
The orange log.
The O L log.
The O L log.
What rolls downstairs.
Hops over repairs.
Your neighbors dog.
That's great for a snack and bits on your back.
It's O L R log.
What's great to complain and scream at the rain.
It's O L R's log.
All right.
Anyway, I'm never doing that again.
Let's move on with more stories.
Do we gotta, cause I don't know.
I'm stuck on that log thing.
No, I know you don't have to.
I can do the next story cause the next one's supposed to be mine anyway, but it'll be fast.
It's about an apex legends update, which I know you guys don't play or do you surprise
me?
You guys play apex legends?
Nope.
All right.
I played it a couple of times.
It's cool.
I feel like it's one of those things like border lands that I won't really grow to appreciate
it for 10 more years, but the times I've tried it, it's interesting.
But um, you all should know if you, if you don't already know this, don't fuck up in
apex legends.
Meaning like, I mean, you can be bad.
Well, if you're bad, people might yell at you.
It's going to ban you if you're bad.
But you know what?
Here's the trick.
If you're afraid of other people in apex legends, which I completely understand, turn off your
audio incoming and outgoing.
They can scream into the abyss and you'll never hear it.
And you can still be an effective team member because apex legends has a really great pinging
system.
They have a great, like, you know, here found a weapon.
You can ping things.
I'm sure people go ping, ping, ping, ping.
Well, they've got to have a ping flood stop.
I don't know.
But anyway, my point is you can just turn the audio off and then no buddy can ever scream
at you.
But anyway, uh, but don't cheat.
That's the one thing you can't do.
And honestly, if you're cheating in these types of games that are meant to be multiplayer
online, I mean, if you cheat in your own game, you know, if you hack your, uh, borderlands
one file, as long as you're not playing online with other people, especially going into randos.
It's co-op, who cares?
Or if you're okay, but if you're going in with people that know what they're getting
into, that's one thing.
But if you go into rando matches and do that shit, that's what's fucked up, right?
You don't-
Besides, I would share my modded weapons anyways.
You don't inflict that on other people that don't want their games to be messed up.
So anyway, there's this whole thing going on, of course, the internet forums, the reddits,
all that places.
Uh, PC players are finding out that if they've cheated, they're getting banned.
And the usual types of ban evasions aren't working.
Like they're trying to change their IP addresses.
Nope.
Use a secondary account.
Nope.
It does appear that Apex Legends is actually using some type of hardware ID ban.
So they know your computer specs, and so that is, I don't know if it's like a Mac address
reading or what they're doing, but they're doing a hardware ID ban.
They drink and they know things.
So there's a whole Reddit thread that goes on.
Nothing's perfect.
They'll find a way to edit.
Well, we'll see.
But it's really funny to read, there's this Reddit thread going on, there's like 19 edits
on the thread with this guy on Twitch who's screaming.
And he's like, he got banned for the second time in 10 minutes.
And then he says, I didn't use my personal info anywhere.
That's the frustrating part.
I'm going to run every single fucking cleaner I have.
And then he rebooted the PC.
And then he says, all right, I guess I have to find a new game to cheat on until I get
a working spoofer again.
That's edit five.
And then it keeps going.
I'll be back tomorrow.
You better fucking believe it.
It's just a soft bet.
Da da da.
And they edit seven.
Apex can suck my dick.
They can't keep me out.
What people don't understand is that they're so fucking big they can't control everywhere.
Seeing this guy get owned makes me so happy.
Like you're not wanted in this game by.
Don't let the door hit you.
Makes me happy.
I mean, what is very satisfying?
I just want to go in the comments and just fuss at them or laugh.
Just nothing but like as many characters as it would let me is ha.
God, some of these edits are crazy.
Dishonesty isn't toxic, but OK, I'm not toxic.
All I do is kill people.
Wow.
Anyway.
Ah.
So anyway, I'm I'm I'm really glad to hear that they've found a way to like make at least
ban them harder than they have been doing historically.
Well, yeah, because, you know, again, it's one thing to cheat in a single player game.
It's it's one thing to cheat co-op.
If everybody knows that they're signing up for it, then whatever.
Right.
But it's another thing to go into these one versus 100 type of games is what apex is and
flex your opinion, which is fake.
It's Viagra.
It's fake.
It's a fake pain because you're cheating to do it.
And you know, for what?
To just, you know, yeah, I won, except I can't win without cheating because I have no skills.
Yeah.
Look at how awesome I am.
I don't understand what L.O.
How does that make you feel good that you beat people, but you suck?
I don't understand how that works or it's L.O.L.
I ruined all these people's day.
They're probably sitting there crying.
Who's crying now?
Who's crying now?
I need some tea to sip right now.
You are.
Oh.
Yep.
Fuck cheaters.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Dark Sakura.
Well, finally, finally, finally, finally, you can change your PSN ID.
It actually is live now for North America, Europe and Australia for anyone on the PS4.
Some games may have issues after you change your ID, but you need to make sure that some
of the games, you know, if they're big games that you have a worry about, you need to make
sure that they're going to be fine with the name change.
A lot of the big ones like Fortnite, Destiny 2, those are fine.
So basically it, you know, a lot of people have asked for it.
People will put like, like, I'm trying to think of like a really crappy username, like
Rob Roberts.
No.
Oh, you mean like a shitty toilet person type of name like, like, um, like lead hacks or
101.
Okay.
And then decide, oh no, I actually want to be like, like just cool guy number two.
Reformed troll 101.
Oh yeah.
Like, or, you know, have someone's ex go in and change your name to angry crusty bridge
troll.
You know, something like that.
I'm sure someone actually is that.
Oh, perfect.
X, X Sephiroth 420 X, X.
Perfect.
Perfect example.
Anyway, um, the first time that you change it, it is free, but it will cost you afterwards.
Um, $10, um, or eight pounds.
Uh, if, if you just have a regular account, if you're plus, then it's five or four pounds,
$5 or four pounds.
So you can change it as much as you want.
You can always revert back to any previous version of your ID for free.
If you contact PlayStation support, no one can take your old IDs so you can choose to
display your old ID next to your new one for up to 30 days so that your friends will know
it was you doesn't do good.
If you were trying to hide who you were, child accounts cannot change their ID.
So, you know, if you have, you know, mommy's a little gamer girl, 23 cause it's her 23rd,
you know, gamer girl child, she can't go, God damn, this name sucks, mom.
I want it to be blood rage woman, you know, or something like that.
She can't do it.
So I would have blood rage woman though.
Just saying, of course you would.
I would just have, here's, here's the thing though on PlayStation.
Like, I don't, I don't like the gamer tags or the usernames, whatever they call them.
I don't like, because I can never remember who's who.
Some of them are obvious.
Like when I see Bobby Black Wolf, like I know who that fucking is.
Right.
And usually like if your name kind of matches misty, OLR, I know who that is because that's
her name every single place, which bless you for having OLR in your name in the first place.
But, um, you know, there's some people where it's like their one name here, their one name
on PlayStation, their one name in Twitch chat, their one name over here, which, you know,
it's your life.
You are welcomed as many identities as you want, but I can't keep them all together.
So I love Facebook's name implementation where you can trade.
I don't.
And so that way, oh, because you don't, because you don't use a fake name on Facebook like
I do.
So I don't care who knows.
Well, no, no, no.
I, I have, I don't really want to say this live, but I know plenty of people who Facebook's
name policy is highly detrimental to their safety.
Oh, we've talked about this on the show before.
Sure.
Especially, especially in the trans community.
That's why I don't like to have a single name like that.
I would rather people, people be able to have a handle.
Well, okay.
But to be fair, like, here's the thing I w when it comes to like your Facebook name,
you and the friend have to agree to show each other the name.
So like randos don't see it.
So like I, I, and usually I'm the one to do it cause I'm using a fake name on Facebook
anyway.
Um, I will go reach out.
I'm like, who is this?
And I'll just go do a close friend request and see if they accept it.
And most of the times they do.
And then I'm like, oh, it's this person.
And then you see their Facebook, uh, picture and I'm like, okay, it's that person.
Now I know who it is because I had no clue who X, X, X, Sephiroth 42069, uh, weed.king.com,
X, X, X is like, I had no idea who that was.
And now that guy sounds so awesome though.
Well, the problem was he probably picked that name when he was 13.
He couldn't change it till yesterday.
So it's like, you know, perhaps the two triple X is, it's a bit much.
I sure really only done one triple X, but if you triple, triple X, then does that mean
like extra fun times?
Yes.
It doesn't sound fun to me.
Interesting.
I'm, I'm getting some comments in chat.
I'm reading like Bobby's, um, story.
Cause you know, he has, I think on, on, uh, uh, one of the services, he has a name that
a lot of people really want cause the very like common more thing.
And like he's been offered money to get off that name so that other people could use that,
you know, on Twitter when my, cause I, you know, y'all know I changed my Twitter account
like six months ago.
So I'm now Mr. Rob Roberts on Twitter because I just don't use the online name sky as much
anymore, which I realize is in the intro to our show, but at some point we'll get our
intro updated.
But, um, when I had, because I've had my Twitter account for 12 years and I know that cause
I got one of the memory things the other day.
So when I first went on Twitter, I got on Twitter really early and my username was at
S K I E at a four letter name, pretty hard to get right.
And I would have people tweet me like, can I have your name?
Um, no, this is apparently like, especially in some other cultures overseas, that's like
people's like legit first name is S K I E and stuff, but it's like, no, I picked it
first.
Sorry.
You know, this is my identity online.
You know, this is my name too.
And in a sense I can't.
So what I did when I went onto Mr. Rob Roberts, I tried to grab sky back as fast as I could
because my plan was I would let that name go when I could get at Rob Roberts, which
is spammers sitting on right now.
I couldn't get it back because Twitter won't let you get an account name under five or
six letters anymore.
So nobody can have that name anyway.
So anyway, you were the last, I was the, I was the first and the last.
I get people asking me for dark Sakura and I'm like, fuck, you know, no, it's my name.
We have OLR.
We do.
We do have OLR on Twitter.
And that's a three.
And why would I let that go?
Yeah.
So even, even if the show were to end someday, it would still be an archive of all the episodes
of this show that ever had existed.
It's going to be, no, it's going to be inherited by like Julian and all the cool kids.
Honestly that's where this is headed is that there'll probably be a gen two of OLR at some
point.
So, and I'm okay with that.
Yeah.
Why not?
I'm going to be doing this when I'm 90.
I'm going to be like, just like Iris Apfel with my big huge ass glasses and just be like,
fuck you.
Games suck.
Well, it's like, it's like we've got this record now.
Like we've been doing this video game podcast fee thing longer than anybody else can consistently
like weekly, you know, some people are really close and I'm sure would love to see us hang
up, hang up our hats, but it's like, it's one of those things where, you know, in a
friendly competitive way, nobody's really like cutthroat.
But I, I it's, it's one of those things where it's like, it's so such a habit.
How can we ever stop?
What would I do on my Sunday nights?
Watch Game of Thrones.
Not for much longer.
I can't even do that much longer.
You have to watch the Game of Thrones prequel that they'll do.
I know, you know, now the thing I see like all now is like the memes, it's all the Game
of Thrones fans.
There's tons of memes on here already.
Well, no, but they put these memes out there that say, nobody cares that you don't watch
Game of Thrones, asshole, let us have our moment.
And I'm like, okay, wait a minute though.
Like I don't watch Game of Thrones, but I don't like, I'm not shitting on people who
do.
I feel a meme from a friend of mine or a friend of ours, I guess I should say, but everyone
who's going out going, well, I don't watch it.
I don't watch it.
I don't like good for you.
Literally no one cares, but I, it's, it's a Cersei quote, every breath you draw in my
presence annoys me, but, but why can't I say I don't watch it?
Like it's not like, it's one thing to say, I don't watch it.
It's another thing you like you'd be, Oh, I don't watch it, you know, but other people
who make a big fucking deal and it's not watching it, it's, it's, here's the thing.
It's when it implied I don't watch it and people who do are stupid.
That's then I get that.
Be mad at that because let people enjoy things.
Just let people enjoy things.
And I'm all about that.
But like when people like expect me to know Game of Thrones, it's so noisy when people
like things, when people expect me to know Game of Thrones or I'm not a real nerd, I'm
like, okay, real nerd.
You want to talk about why I haven't been watching Game of Thrones?
Cause I do this other thing online, Sunday nights with literally half of my fucking life.
So you want to talk, you want to talk about nerd?
We'll talk about nerd.
I'll do this.
Have you read the books?
There's that too.
Have you read the books?
Did you see the four hour version of Dune?
But what was your first movie?
Mine was fucking Star Wars and I was nine months fucking old.
For the record, if you're watching the Game of Thrones and you're having a good time,
the hats off.
Enjoy it.
Live it up.
Embrace your nerd passion.
Love it.
Um, and I hope, I hope everybody dies because that's what seems to happen every week on
that show and people lose their shit.
So they like it.
Right?
I only literally care about one character that I don't want to die.
Anyway, actually three, three characters, uh, Akuma JP in chat says Game of Thrones,
too much sex for me.
There is.
I think that's what I think.
I know.
I know you're from another part of the world, but I'm going to let you in on a little secret
about like America.
I think that's why nerds like it.
Just just an inquiry.
I honestly, I just wait and fast forward pass all the shit I don't want to see because I'm
not into it.
I'm, I'm ace.
I don't like the gory stuff.
It doesn't add to anything watching this like, okay, good.
They fucked.
Whatever.
Yeah.
You, you would just rather see the black screen that says, and then they fuck.
But both sex, both sex.
That's the thing in Game of Thrones.
You watch this.
Don't you?
I watch Game of Thrones.
Of course.
Of course.
I could know.
Of course.
That's, I called it on demand, dude.
I mean, geez.
Like watch it later.
Okay.
But I shipped it on the ship.
Aha.
Okay.
Here's the thing.
Yes.
That's the number one thing I get told by all the Game of Thrones fans.
Oh, you did something.
So now watch it on demand.
I got two reasons for you.
Number one, have you seen my on demand cue lately?
Did you, did you miss the memo that like fucking everything went to on demand sometime
ago?
Like respectfully.
There's just a ton of shit to watch.
This is why I'd watch jack shit.
So that when something really awesome is out, I can watch it.
Number two, because there's so many of you that enjoy it and that's cool too.
You all have spoiled it by the next day.
Like I literally saw a tweet earlier that said, if you don't want Game of Thrones spoiled
for you, then stay off Twitter at night.
That's what I'm doing.
This is the exact same person who said, I'm looking for spoilers right now.
Don't don't.
Obviously we all know not to say them on air.
If you want to seek them out.
That's one thing.
I'm doing it.
I'm looking for them.
Go for it.
But, um, I was gonna say, um, uh, this is the exact same person who then says, if you
brag about how you don't watch Game of Thrones, you're an asshole.
And I'm kind of like, you can't have it both ways, sis.
How are the rest of us supposed to watch Game of Thrones when you're sitting here going,
but I'm going to spoil it as soon as it airs and it's your, you can't have it both ways.
Anyway.
Sorry.
It is a video game show.
I don't know why.
Well, I also didn't really care for chair of swords because I tried reading the first
book in the first book.
Actually, I literally hated everybody.
I hated everybody for like the first three seasons.
Ooh, you're edgy because you don't like Game of Thrones.
But then I discovered characters I liked and then saw the ones I hated die or about to
die.
So it's like Mass Effect kind of.
Yeah, it is kind of like that.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's get back to games.
I'm happy.
I don't know how we went from PS4 name changes to Game of Thrones podcast waiting for my
fucking $20 burrito.
Let's move on.
Let's talk about a world where the Vita is still getting games.
Wow.
Physical games.
So, uh, was it Nasalis?
I think that's how you pronounce it.
They're publishing a couple of physical copies or physical versions of a thousand one spikes
and VVVVVV.
I love this box art for VVVV.
I wish I'd had the forethought to make a video thing I could put on Twitch.
I love the VVVVV cover because that looks like an old Commodore 64 cartridge.
Yeah.
It looks like if you guys have seen like old Commodore 64 cartridges with like it's like
the same font and design and everything.
It's gorgeous.
Yes.
So, I mean, I it's awesome.
I don't have a Vita anymore, so.
But yeah, I love the box art.
I know that came out for other systems.
I'm surprised they're not publishing on other systems, too.
Thousand one spikes, to be clear, though, is actually a PlayStation 4 version.
So Vita is getting VVVV.
But yeah, it's pretty awesome to see those physical versions.
And this, I don't think I don't believe this is actually by Limited Run either.
So this is actually being published by Nasalis.
So coming soon, apparently they did leak out early to the promo, promo copies that they
had been floating to like Sony employees had somehow made it to eBay.
It's still a collectible of sorts, really, at this point.
So that's pretty cool.
Over in chat, Renji221 asked, what's a Vita?
Well, put up a chair, Sony, and let me tell you a story.
One day, Sony thought they'd compete with Nintendo in a handheld space.
So that's almost worth being $20 or $13.
Don't interrupt grandpa's story with your burrito.
You know what?
It's a burrito and it's delicious.
No one cares because they're not eating it.
Discrito, burrito.
Yeah, you need to be a little more discrito with that burrito.
All right.
Other comments in chat.
Let's see.
Oh, Akuma JP in chat says, I'm playing Stardew for the first time on iOS.
So bye bye free time.
Yeah, that happens.
It's interesting how we discover big games after the fact.
And sometimes it's because it's on a platform, you know, the right platform that we want
to play it on.
Who knows what big games I have in my Steam library that I've never played.
I know there's hundreds of them.
So I thought there was something you could use to like, look at the, like, it's coming.
Look at your library and see what you haven't played.
It's coming soon.
That's an update to the Steam store.
Oh boy.
Library.
I can't wait to see that.
We talked about that a couple of weeks ago.
Okay.
Yeah.
I thought that was the thing that come up recently.
All right.
Anyway.
All right.
Uh, moving on.
Let's, uh, talk about our next story, which has to do with a, uh, leaked little, uh, information,
little sheet of information about the disc free Xbox one, uh, a site called win future
got images that show off the, and take it with a grain of salt because people are weird
and do photo shops and all that stuff.
But I mean, we have heard so much buzz around the, this, like nothing is shocking with this.
I wouldn't be talking about it if it wasn't one of those.
This is, we know that Microsoft has been headed this way where there's smoke, there's fire.
But anyway, but some of the specifics, somebody could be fucking with us, but they're probably
not to be fair.
So anyway, uh, the design is what looks like an Xbox one S, but there's just no drive on
it.
How about that?
Uh, it made it much smaller though without the drive in there.
Cause you would think that the drive takes up quite a bit of space.
Yeah.
You'd think, I don't know why they decided to still keep it the same.
Assuming that that's legit because that totally looks like someone just photoshopped out the,
uh, you know, actual drive image.
So maybe that's you that maybe it isn't legit.
Whatever dude, like really like a month away from it apparently being released.
Well, it's supposed to have a one terabyte hard drive and the Europe version, cause I
think that's the version that actually leaked out the Europe version we'll have for Forza
horizon three.
It should be noted that four is the current one.
So it's an older one, but Forza horizon three Minecraft and sea of thieves will already
be installed.
So you have something like old three though.
It's still a good game if you're new to the universe because they want you to play and
enjoy three and then, Oh, click this button to purchase for now or buy X-Box game pass
for only XYZ a month and or that should just be ABC a year.
Just with withhold the games, like withhold actually purchasing, you know, or including
like additional games.
You're like cut that game out.
Like how much is that game worth?
I mean like 20 bucks maybe well 30 but I think these, I don't think they're, I, I feel like
the price they're charging for it, which by the way is, is speculated to be 230 euros
or $260 is what that translates to.
So like just cut the cost out of there and just like throw a few months in is that I
think these are kind of freebies.
I think Microsoft, I don't think Microsoft isn't is inflating the price.
I think they're throwing in these freebies to make that price a little more like lucrative.
Oh, I'm saying is they should do game pass instead of at one of the games.
You know what I would do, I would support that because you know, Minecraft is one of
the games that's supposed to be in there as well, you know, eventually.
So why not just do game pass so you get the fours of game and the other one and see if
these, I think all those game pass games actually.
So just game pass, no game, I don't know.
All right.
Well, anyhow, that is apparently what's going to happen.
They're saying April 16th is the unveiling, which would be like Tuesday.
Is there a, is there a, is there like an inside Xbox plan pretty soon?
I don't know.
I don't remember either, but April 16th about is supposed to be the day that this shows
up and they're saying May 7th will be the release.
So this is all supposed to be kind of wrapped up by E3.
So this isn't something they're planning to unveil at E3, I guess.
So yeah, we'll have to see.
Interesting.
Yeah, we will.
Yeah, actually they do have, it says an all new episode of inside Xbox on Tuesday, April
16th at 2 PM or 5, 2 PM Pacific, 5 PM Eastern time.
There you go.
That date matches up with what we're hearing here.
Latest news on E3, including Xbox Fan Fest and more.
So there you go, possibly then.
That will probably be the day we get the specifics, if anything.
So tune in if that's your thing, I guess.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cool.
Um, I also want to point out in our chat, our Renji221 in chat says, honestly, I think
Horizon 3 is better than 4, but that's just me.
That's an interesting kind of perspective is that maybe 3 is the better, 3 did have
the Hot Wheels thing.
Does this have all the expansions?
Cause maybe that, is it 4 is Horizon 3 with the expansions?
Cause that would be pretty rad because that Hot Wheels was pretty cool and maybe, maybe
they, maybe some folks think 3 is the better representative.
Who knows?
Who knows?
All right.
Anyhow, uh, let's move on with Dark Sakura.
Well, for fans of, uh, the Star Wars prequel, some looks like something kind of good is
coming out of it because the rest of it was kind of shit, but the pod race was cool.
Well, there is a game coming out called Star Wars Jedi Fallen Order.
That's a third person action adventure game coming up by Respawn will be on X-Box 4, X-Box
1 and PC on Origin.
Um, because EA is publishing it, um, it's going to be $59.99 standard $69.99 deluxe,
but it also has like a director's cut that shows like behind the scenes stuff and content
and you know, some cosmetic stuff.
But I just like the, um, the, uh, story like that's actually what has me interested is
that you play someone who escaped the, uh, order 66 to kill all the Jedi.
It's like, it's, what's funny is about like all these games that are based in the prequel
era or like literally everything that's come out of Star Wars that's in the prequel era
is better than the actual prequels.
Exactly.
But I don't know.
I always thought I, I, I used to be in a tabletop game where we played, you know, remnants of
the Jedi order and it was, it was a fun thing.
So just to see like my old tabletop game kind of coming to life just was really, really
kind of cool.
So, um, it's a shame you can't like actually customize your character, you know, do whatever,
but whatever.
Um, it has, I'm going to mispronounce this name, Cameron Monahan from Gotham Monahan,
I think, but close, get close.
But anyway.
Cool.
Anyway, I thought I'd make a mention.
It has droids.
It has lightsabers.
Yeah.
So you know what has me more excited, honestly, than anything else about this, the fact that
Respawn's making it and Respawn is like a studio to watch right now because Titanfall,
you know, was pretty, especially Titanfall, it's Titanfall 2, a lot of people slept on.
And of course, Apex Legends is like the hot shit in gaming right now.
So the fact that they're the folks that are making the Star Wars game, which many people
have also been going, what the fuck is EA doing with the Star Wars?
Titanfall 2 had a pretty great single player campaign.
So I hear, haven't played it yet, own it, but still haven't played it yet.
Talk that up to your inventory, but that would be your origin backlog as well as your
Steam backlog.
That's my PlayStation backlog, actually.
And on top of this, the trailer looks really freaking good.
I mean, it's pretty beautiful.
So we'll see what happens.
Here's our chance to talk about, I know it's a gaming podcast, but why not?
We already had one tangent tonight.
I'm sure a lot of nerds watching the Star Wars celebration have some thoughts and feelings.
Like I have to admit, I haven't, okay, I've been a really bad Star Wars fan.
I still haven't seen episode eight.
I like, that's like on my to-do list.
I need to see it.
But I did watch the episode nine trailer and I got verklempt when I saw Carrie Fisher.
That was the number one thing I noticed.
Yeah.
I mean, yeah.
Ray jumping over the pod thing.
That was badass too.
But like...
TIE fighter.
It's called the TIE fighter.
Yeah, whatever.
The thingy, the space space plane.
TIE fighter.
It's like...
When she jumped over the space plane, I was like, and it looked like I saw a great side
by side comparison on Twitter.
That Hitchcock movie North by Northwest when the plane comes in.
There's a great side by side.
Like that scene looks like that.
Yes, I loved when he did a back flip with his lightsaber over the...
Shut the fuck up.
No, no, no, no.
But, but the thing is that the movies actually do take from like some of the cinematic greats.
Like the whole Rashomon storytelling when it came to Luke's flashbacks.
Oh, wait.
Okay.
You need to see that one because it has the Rashomon style flashbacks.
Okay.
And basically you see the same scene from different perspectives.
Oh, um, God, who does that a lot in their movies?
God, that's like a Tarantino thing actually, Pulp Fiction was kind of that.
No, but this is like exactly the same moment from different perspectives.
So you have, you'll have to see it, but basically the entirety, I believe it was Rashomon that
was told that way.
It's Kurosawa.
I mean...
Who's that famous director?
I think, um, um, his first movie was Phantom of the Paradise.
That's how all the cult movie people know him.
De Palma does that.
Like he does the split screen thing.
Like, okay.
Oh, not the same.
Okay.
It's basically it, it is interjected at different points.
Now I think all of Rashomon was told this way where you have everybody at the same event
that different their own perspective on it, but this comes in at key points in the movie
as it pushes the narrative, as you get more story and perspective on it, but it's still
exactly the same scene.
So, but yeah, there's lots of wonderful, wonderful, um, just different.
And cinematic quotes, I like to call them, you know, in art, when you see someone refer
to the same art style as someone else or something from another painting, it's called a quote.
These are definitely quotes back to, you know, other theatrical grades.
Can I do a really random thing?
Cause you talked about art.
Can I do a really random thing?
Cause this is something like I should have done like six months ago on Twitch.
This is going to be a Twitch thing.
Okay.
And I apologize to the podcast listeners for this, but this is very important.
Can you help me fill time here while I go grab something?
Um, sure.
I'm just making sure that it is the story that I'm thinking of, that it is Rashomon.
Um, that's the short story I'm looking for the movie.
Um, but yeah, the, uh, the movie Rashomon, yeah, that's the one I think is the, uh, the
one where they tell it a different, yeah, different, uh, levels of the story.
And it's another one with Mihone in it, so.
So since you brought up art, I've never been able to show this and I'm so happy I can now.
This is an example, this is one of my mom's paintings.
And so we have a whole collection of paintings.
No, this is a good, this is fine.
This is fine.
Uh, there's a whole collection of paintings that she made, um, before she passed, you
know, cause she was a painter like her whole life.
So I've never been able to show these on the show before and I just thought I would now
that we're on Twitch.
So what's that?
Nothing.
Oh yeah.
So anyway, I just thought I would, uh, show that.
And I love this painting too cause it's cats.
And so she made this with me and mine just so we're clear.
I like the penguin one.
Yes, there's a pink one that's hung up in the hall though, so I can't exactly take that
one down.
And for those who don't know, by the way, what Russian one is, there is what the poster
looks like.
So anyway, but yeah, I, that's been the big kind of nerdy thing for me enjoying the, um,
the movies though, is that there really are some wonderful callbacks to just really beautiful
movies and just the storytelling.
I'm super happy with it, but just like, you know, you were mentioning the one throwback
for North by Northwest, which I do believe that the titles for North by Northwest were
done by Saul Bass.
Let me double check, which is everyone know he's one of my heroes.
Yeah, I think it was Saul Bass.
Yup.
It was Saul Bass who also did the man with golden arm and a man with the silver arm,
sorry, and, uh, Vertigo.
And he directed the shower scene in Psycho and actually when it came out that he did
Hitchcock said he would never talk to him again.
Anyway.
Uh, anyways, yeah, we, we, uh, before we move on to the next gaming story, anything Star
Wars related that anyone wants to get out about everything around this celebration.
I'm looking for it in the movie.
Yeah, the movie very much because the last two movies are kind of, but the new movie
looks awesome.
The movies were great.
Wait, when we say the last two movies, do we mean spinoffs or do we mean seven and eight,
seven, eight?
Okay.
Cause there were no prequels.
So basically remakes of the first two original.
No.
Well, I, people, people have their different opinions, so we'll see.
I still haven't seen eight, but I liked seven.
I did definitely see the parallels to the original in seven, but I still really liked
seven for what it was, for what it's worth.
Um, I will say the thing that definitely has my attention, that's kind of tangential to
Star Wars, this whole Disney plus and their competitor to Netflix.
Like it seems like Disney is like ready to come out the gate with this Disney plus thing
it's pretty loaded with stuff.
I got to say, I'm not looking forward to having yet another subscription, but I have a weird
feeling that the marketplace is going to force some of these things to consolidate before
too long.
Just like Spotify and Hulu have kind of joined forces here.
I think you're going to start to see more of that stuff show up.
I'm looking forward to Hawkeye series.
Oh yeah.
Cause that's a Disney thing, huh?
Yeah.
Well it's Marvel, but, um, but it's going to be taking, um, it said that like one of
my favorite comic characters who was like the girl who took over as Hawkeye while he
was dead in the comics, Kate Bishop, she's supposed to be in it too.
So that'd be really awesome.
All right.
Well meanwhile, we'll also look forward to whatever Lucasville's games is working on
because that was a story a couple of weeks ago that Lucasville's games apparently making
the comeback.
All right.
Well, anyhow, let's move on.
We have a couple more stories before we get to our classic segment of the week or is it
month this week?
Uh, Loki.
Yeah.
So there's a rumor that the next, uh, Assassin's Creed game has been teased in the division
two.
Apparently there's a poster that can be found inside the Potomac events center.
And one of those shows the title Valhalla, which of course, uh, features kind of a Viking
character in there.
They are saying that the Viking appears to be grasping the apple of Eden, which they
says the main plot device, and that, uh, apparently the following, um, or following Assassin's
Creed Odyssey, the next game is going to be set in the Viking age.
I think it's just kind of a guess, but maybe, I mean, it seems plausible since they were
kind of using my word since, since, since, you know, they kind of threw in, I think some
like Greek mythology stuff with the last one.
So why not?
It fits the Assassin's Creed kind of M O and Vikings is not something they've explored
yet.
Right.
We haven't had a game in that.
So it fits the, the, the mold, let's say, and would, I think it's something people would
be interested in.
I know that even though I'm not super into the Assassin's Creed games, I know that what
I want to happen, if this is the direction for Assassin's Creed, is that if my character
gets defeated in Assassin's Creed, I want to have a Viking funeral.
I think that would be fantastic.
So I hope that plea, as long as a Viking funeral, which, you know, of course is when they put
you on a boat, say you have to see, and then light the boat on fire where they're shooting
all the arrows at it.
That is what I hope to see reflected in this game.
Okay.
Well, you don't want to see a Viking funeral?
No.
I know someone who did that for their cat.
That's kind of, I don't know.
I don't know.
It's weird.
It's a little, I guess if that's what helped them through it, that was also a Norwegian
forest cat.
Oh, okay.
So there's a reason for it.
Yeah.
Interesting.
Okay.
All right.
Uh, all right.
I just like sitting cats on fire.
So I know their cat was dead.
That was already deceased.
Didn't say the cat wasn't alive.
Right.
One more completely different topic here.
Before we get to the classic game segment, actually, um, I think it would be appropriate
to talk about this service.
This was something that was brought to my attention completely on our discord.
I had no idea that this was a thing that was going on, but then dark Tetsuya I think, or,
you know, the topic came up in our discord server, which if you're not on our discord
survey, you should think about joining it.
Gog network.com slash discord is the only URL you need to get an invite right on into
the server.
And I would certainly encourage you to join that cause that's how you can call into the
show later as well.
But um, anyway, the story was posting the orange launch radio channel is that we, and
we've been talking about this just as recently as like last week, like whatever happened
to services like game tap and the classic games and why, why isn't somebody taking the
advantage to do a streaming service for classic games?
Well, how about this?
It's apparently one has been being developed for a little while and they just went on a
Kickstarter this week.
So, but in usually I wouldn't talk about Kickstarter things, but in kind of reading the website
in reading their pitch on Kickstarter, I kind of got the impression of we're doing this,
whether this Kickstarter succeeds or not.
This Kickstarter just seems to be a way to offer these kinds of earlier perks and maybe
get the word out, which I guess, you know, successful cause here we are talking about
on our show when I guess this has been a thing that's been in development for a while
and I had like no idea.
So the service is called ant stream.
I'm not sure what that's supposed to mean, but I think the logo is really cute cause
it looks like a little ant or whatever.
They are saying that ant stream will have a beta launch on mobile devices.
So iOS and Android, PC and Xbox one.
And the early backers are set to get in in early may, which I guess is probably when
this Kickstarter is about to finish up.
Cause I think the Kickstarter has got about 25 days left on it.
And so when it goes into beta, you are going to be able to play curated titles from the
seventies, eighties and nineties.
They are mentioning titles like Akari Warriors, Joe and Mac, California Games, Zool and Double
Dragon.
It was pointed out that a couple of weeks ago, one of the parody intros we had here
at OLR, we had the epics game store, the EPYX game store, because it was a play on
me always talking about EPIC apostrophe S when really the story is called the epic game
store.
And so you're not supposed to call it epics game store cause it sounds like the old company
from the eighties, but ironically that epics, the EPYX looks to be a company that is partnered
on this service because you go look at the games list, which they're showing off what
400 games, right?
And epics games are all over this list and it's very similar to the type of stuff you'd
see like on the mini Commodore 64 and some of these other places right now, but it's
not just limited to that.
Right.
It looks like they've got, you know, like Akari Warriors would be like Data East appears
to be on this.
A lot of these SNK, Codemasters, a lot of these retro friendly companies you've seen
in other places too, but with their really old stuff.
So I mean, certainly there's that question that's going to be asked, well, why not just,
why not just use emulators?
Right?
Well, and I, I even called this out as one reason I liked to play on GameTap was they
had the additional features like the replays, like the high scores so I could compete with
my friends.
And so that's why like this caught my eye and Stream will be having unique multiplayer
challenges.
So it will put twists on some of the games like score attacks, speed runs and boss rushes.
So there's a whole spiel you can check out over on their Kickstarter, which if you just
start for Antstream or go to antstream.com, I really want to invite them on the show.
I'll probably do that in the coming weeks here since they got a Kickstarter going on
anyway.
Cause I just like, it's funny because I feel like I S I said this out loud, like one or
two weeks ago, not obviously I didn't invent this has been in works for years, but I think
it's just funny that like, this is relevant.
Like I was asking for something like this and here it is.
And I got to say, it looks pretty, pretty cool.
I mean, there, I think like the early fee, like if you get in early, you can like have
your rate frozen at like six, I think $60 a year was like a rate you can get frozen
out.
I think they said they were going to ask for $10 a month for it.
I'm worried that might be a little high for some people for retro games, but I mean, if
they're talking like a library of 4,000 games that were, it, it might be kind of worth it,
especially if these multiplayer challenges are really good.
Like I really want to see the implementation of this.
Unfortunately, that's the one thing that Kickstarter's not really showing is, but I, you know, and
they're about two thirds of the way to their goal already with, yeah, they're probably
going to make their goal, honestly.
So I'm curious, I got to say, you know, I'm a sucker for retro games.
I love that, like as a retro game enthusiast and somebody who would like stream them a
lot, like, because I like to stream games like this would open up a whole new, like
zillions of games to stream.
So I do want to see something like this succeed.
I hope, I hope it is really going to be worth that price that I'm going to be really surprised
there, but I'll probably sign onto the Kickstarter.
We'll see.
So it looks pretty neat.
So it says they're fixed price for Antstream is that's if you pledge 55 Euro is $70 a year
for it.
Yeah, there's, there's weird because they're based in the UK.
So you have to, there's some money conversion things going on.
It's something like if you put down like $120, you get two years because that's actually
the two years and $60.
And then you get $60 frozen beyond that, I think.
So it's kind of interesting.
So I'm, I'm curious, was there early backers already gone?
Cause I was looking at doing that and I got lazy and didn't do it.
And of course it's already gone.
So I mean, that's, that's good for them though.
So we'll see.
Like I said, I really want to try and invite them on the show to later date because I hope
maybe they'll go so far as to be like a virtual museum.
Wouldn't it be really cool if like, not only do they have the games, but maybe they have
interviews with some of these game makers talking about the games.
Like think about like commentary tracks or something, because let's be real, the people
who made these games in the eighties and nineties, they're getting older.
Some of them are no longer with us.
And you know, as people get older, that's going to continue to be the case.
They can't have an interface where I can put arcade cabinets and arrange them in certain
ways.
And, Oh, you take your tongue in cheek reference to game room.
Yeah.
I'd love that.
I'll take what I can get.
I kind of think that's all secondary.
So yeah.
Some folks in chat, S.H.O. 100 Matt saying, like what game room could have been.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Dartitsuya says, yeah, I'm definitely getting a game tap vibe from the service.
I'm very interested to see how they do.
That's what I thought of when I saw some of those games on the list.
I think that was a reference to when we had the Epic store, tongue in cheek joke, who
knew that that may actually become a reality of sorts after this.
So Metal Mayhem says, yeah, I missed out on the game tap era, but I know you were there
for Microsoft's game room era because Kaijuto is asking, what's game room?
It was a Microsoft thing that they kind of tried to do with the classic gaming.
But I feel like they let it, they pulled the plug on it before it had time to really grow.
Yeah.
That's unfortunate.
So anyway.
All right.
Let's move on.
Speaking of classic stuff every week here on the show, we like to step into the gaming
vault and find a classic game that, Hey, you guys should be checking this game out and
show it a little bit of love this week.
But in the 2019 twist, we like to do things a little differently.
So once a month, Dark Sakura picks out a classic soundtrack.
So the classic soundtrack of the month is what we're going to be discussing this week.
And you said the theme for 2019 is going to be all NES or 8-bit games, right?
All right.
So what 8-bit game did you pick this week?
I picked Jackal, which I've covered before for classic game, but my focus is of course
the soundtrack, this music.
And I should point out that the video is not synced with the audio we did replace so that
I took, I stripped the game noise.
Although it was actually pretty close.
Yeah, it is pretty close.
But this is like some of my favorite 8-bit gaming music ever.
It was just that era of delicious Konami music, you know, but this was even better than some
of the other stuff that was out at the time.
Didn't we ever get a remix of this and like Beat Mania or anything?
It's really like a missed opportunity.
Bummer.
But anyway, it was, the sound designer for this was Atsushi Fujio.
He worked on many Konami titles in the late 80s.
He's actually, I think still doing music to this day.
But as far as other games that he worked on, I'm trying to pick like, well, I brought this
came up before YY World for Super Famicom.
He did Jyris for the Famicom Disk System, Blades of Steel, Jyris for NES itself, Twin
Bee 3, Poco Poco Daimaou.
I love the Jyris soundtrack, even though it really just is like classic songs.
You May Penguin, Monogatari, Konami Hyper Soccer, I'm trying to think of things, Bucky O'Hare,
Hunter 3, The Alien Wars, he was a sound programmer.
He did sound programming for Axlay.
He did the same for Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Turtle Tournament Fighters.
Sorry, words are weird today.
He also did the music for Double Dribble.
And he was a consultant on Snatcher, Rob.
Nice.
But at any rate, this is just a good soundtrack.
I played a fuck ton of this game when I was a kid, every time I was in Dothan, and I always
wanted my own copy, and I didn't get it until I was an adult.
But just the music was just, I thought, really solid.
It actually was, some people would say it was kind of generic for like the whole army,
war, you know, military game, but I really did think that it was actually a very fitting
soundtrack and it wasn't just, I think, more of the same how a lot of the other games of
its type were.
And on top of that, Jackal is just a really unique and good game.
So there you go.
Yeah, I remember playing this game on Commodore 64.
I don't think, was the soundtrack the same?
I don't think it was.
I don't think so.
But I remember, like at the time, this whole like driving a jeep around like a much larger
map that kind of scrolled in different ways than what we were used to, like that was a
very kind of like novel thing.
Well, this game was also originally designed to use rotary joysticks, like in the SNK games,
like Ikari Warriors, but they ended up doing this one out for a joystick, I think because
of like cost, but it also, you know, it changed the way that the tactics were going to work
on this game.
It is a very solid game.
And of course, the music is just not even annoying at all.
It's just really good.
So there you go.
All right.
I would love for this in the chat room as well.
Some folks saying, let's see, Metal Mayhem says Jackal was one of those Konami NES games
I saw advertised.
I won it on the NES.
The only time I ever got to play it was on Game Room, the arcade version, I think was
there.
As Joe and Hunter Matt says, my brother and I played the hell out of this, so much better
with two players.
I played this with my papa.
Oh, love that.
Dr. Seuss says, I do have the cart of this.
Still haven't beaten it, though.
And Quest Buster says the music- You haven't beaten it?
No day like today.
Quest Buster says the music in Jackal was one of the reasons I kept coming back to the
game.
Yeah.
And it's all just that intro music where it has the build up and then, you know, it goes
right into it.
Let me play it.
Wait, if I restart the thingy, hold on.
If I go back to us in the studio and then I go and I hit the button to start the video
again.
Yeah.
You can hear this opening music again.
Yeah.
But the little bit of a key change between the two.
Yeah.
Just really with the pause and then a key change, I was like, that's really, I mean,
coming from a musical point of view, I know it's a fucking video game, but it is really
dynamic.
But back in the day, in the 80s with games like this, you know, when sometimes you play
the game just to hear the songs because there wasn't the YouTube, MP3s, OC Remix wasn't
made yet.
You know, you had to go to the game, you had to put the game in and listen to the music.
And sometimes that's how you rediscovered a game that you may not have really played
the first time.
I was telling Dan last night, just, you know, when I was thinking, what should I do?
What should I do?
And then I picked the music.
I was like, man, I feel fucking heroic.
As you should.
Yeah.
As you should.
All right.
There it is.
Your classic soundtrack of the month.
Jackal on the NES specifically.
And just a point of order.
We may see something on a different system next month.
Ooh.
Okay.
It's gotta be an 8-bit.
Well, gee, I wonder what it could be.
We'll see, though.
We'll see.
All right.
What could it, could it be when you put two 8-bits together to make a faux 16-bit?
Because there was one console that did do that.
I'm not going to talk about the PC Engine.
All right.
Fine.
But, but, um, I'll just put it this way.
Um, there may be some Sega love coming next.
All right.
Gee, I would never have guessed.
Or it could also be Atari.
Okay.
Oh, true.
True.
It could.
The 7200.
Old school stuff.
You know that arcade collection is coming out very soon.
So I'll be very curious.
Even though, um, you know, some of the games, like Haunted Castle was kind of like the arcade
version of Castlevania, but the, the gag is it's not that good unless they put, they may
have put cheats in it.
I bet they did, uh, on the Switch version so that you can just keep plunking in quarters.
You know, probably get further in the game than you ever did before.
Um, but it'd be interesting.
I don't know if Jackal was into it though.
I don't think Jackal's in it, but, um, I didn't remember seeing, I don't think Jackal was
on the list, but, uh, yeah, I know that's coming out very soon.
So some folks will be, uh, taking a look at that pretty soon.
All right.
Anyhow, uh, we're going to do a little prerecorded segment that I did earlier today about another
just recorded.
A what?
So it's just recorded.
Yes.
A recorded segment from earlier today, uh, on another news item this week.
So let's go to that.
All right.
Hello everybody from the office studio.
And I thought for a little middle of the show break this week, we could take a look again
at the switch online, uh, and the classic NES library.
But this time, you know, I know that last week we looked a lot at the comparisons between
the American and the Japanese versions of the service, but this week I want to take
a look at some of the new offerings in the service.
So, uh, as you guys know, there was some new stuff that was added, including a special
version of kid Icarus, as well as punch out star soldier and super Mario, the loss levels,
which of course is super Mario brothers two in Japan.
So what I want to kind of focus on during the break, uh, this week is I want to take
a look at these special versions that have been added to the service.
You know, it's kind of interesting as this trend that Nintendo has been doing with the
classic library is that it seems like every time they release new games, they've been
doing like a throwback to one of the harder games from the previous month, allowing you
to take it on in a whole new way, perhaps, um, actually, uh, starting with full life
or full coins or, uh, starting on the very last level of the game, which is the case
with the kid Icarus release this week.
But if you actually look at, you know, the details, they try to give it like this fancy
little name, like, Ooh, you're playing the three sacred treasures level and you know,
you're not really finished.
And it's basically a fancy way of saying we're starting you at the end of the game with all
the items and full life and everything.
So let's actually take a look.
I'm going to load it up.
And the interesting thing about kid Icarus specifically was that the very last stage
of the game, stage four, one was very different from any other level in the game.
There was really no other level like it.
Not so ever, um, it plays more like a shooter game, whereas of course the first few stages
of the game is a platformer and, uh, uh, dungeon stages are also there and yeah, it's just
a very different type of game.
So obviously we're flying through and you notice pit looks very different now because
the story with the game has him collecting the treasures in the various dungeons.
So he has the wings, he has the special arrow, he has the shield, so that's why he looks
a lot different.
So we're obviously flying through here to make our way to Medusa who, spoiler alert,
is the final boss of the game, but I'm sure you all already knew that.
It's interesting too because I haven't played this in a long time, the American release,
but I've played the Japanese.
It's funny cause I have to throw back a little bit to last week.
I did play the Japanese release of this earlier and believe it or not, it's different.
Like you actually use one of the buttons to fly and I seem to remember you walk on this
part, you can't fly underneath this brick like you can in this version.
So the American version apparently lets you fly through walls and that's something new
and you just use the control pad to move wherever you want.
That's a very interesting, a little difference I'm noticing right off the bat besides just
all those sound differences we were noting last week.
Well, this stage isn't very long.
Once you get to the green brick, guess what?
You are about to the Medusa fight.
I think we just have to get through a few more mobs.
Shoot my way through.
Yeah, it's like a shooter, but it's not like, you know, for as hard as this game is, it's
not exactly like cuphead level shooting.
I mean, sure, I've lost a little bit of health and been hit a few times so far, but it's
not like, you know, I'm not like super dying or anything.
All right.
This level is longer than I remember.
Maybe the American version is longer too, I don't remember.
I played the Japanese one earlier this week when it was first released.
Just because I wanted to hear the little subtle differences in the music that we talked about
last week.
But obviously, Kid Icarus is not the only game that's had an SP release.
I know like Legend of Zelda, I did a stream on my personal channel once when that came
out.
They had a version that started you with all the rupees and heart containers and everything
else that you can get.
I swear this thing just looped me through the level twice.
Isn't that what it looks like?
I just looped through the level twice.
I think I did.
Maybe that's how they made it more difficult.
You thought this was easy?
Well, ah!
Do it again.
All right.
Well, maybe this time when we get to the green brick, we'll be able to fight Medusa.
You know, the other interesting thing, though, even though it looks like I'm really close
to dying, well, not only do I start with full hearts, so picking up the additional hearts
really isn't doing me any good, but if you look at the special items, you'll notice I
have like eight life restoration items.
So even if I were to lose all my health, which unfortunately seems very likely at this point,
it's okay because my health is going to refill automatically.
So it makes it very hard to die.
So even if like you sucked at Kid Icarus as a kid, now's your chance to be a winner, which
hopefully I will get the chance here shortly without this middle point segment going on
for 20 minutes.
Pretty sure maybe there's something special I have to do to trigger the Medusa phase.
I don't remember.
I don't think so.
I've got full hearts.
What else could I possibly need?
All right.
Oh, my God, are we living through it again?
We might be if that green brick goes away.
Oh, no, it just looks.
There we go.
There we go.
Okay.
Now, yeah, suspenseful music change.
Here we go.
All right.
So obviously I want to dodge that dragon, which I'm getting hit with a bunch.
You can deflect those little beams that are coming with the mirror.
So as long as but you'll notice the shield goes down for a minute when you shoot the
arrows.
I'm having a really hard time facing forward.
This is probably part of my issue of using the control pro controller.
So I'm just going through those extra health like it's nobody's business.
Hopefully I'll be able to kill Medusa.
Oh, my gosh, I think that's one of the downfalls of using the pro controller is that, oh, look
at that.
I found that sweet spot.
There it is.
That's right.
I remember that being a thing now is that there's like a sweet spot.
There you go.
And there's Palutena.
I think.
So that's supposed to be coming out of the eye.
We did it.
We beat it.
Yay.
Hooray.
There it is.
The ending screen.
And I didn't have any help whatsoever.
And he transforms.
Again, interesting because this is very different from the Japanese version now that that's
recent in my head.
Oh, no, they didn't hug in the Japanese.
Oh, that was a little kiss.
All this blue scenery and everything.
This is not in the Japanese version.
It's just a black screen, but it has more writing.
And then it says Fiin at the bottom.
And I imagine this is the translation of the writing, which is Medusa was destroyed in
the light of peace.
Return to Angel.
I didn't read fast enough.
I need to be a speed reader, clearly.
And we get the staff role, which again, not present in the Japanese version.
So I guess this did end up being a comparison video of sorts as well.
But it makes it a lot easier to see things later in the game.
Thanks to these special SP versions.
So I'm curious, are you guys checking out these SP versions?
Those of you that have Nintendo online?
Like are you using this to see parts of the game that you couldn't get to as a kid?
Now, I did beat Kid Icarus as a kid.
I may have had some help from maps in Nintendo Power or whatever magazines are out at the
time that helped me get through like the third dungeon and all that stuff.
But I did beat it.
But things like, I don't know, like Ghosts and Goblins and some of these other games,
like I would never see these end segments of the game if it weren't for the SP versions.
So I'm curious if you guys are checking them out or if, you know, you're like, eh, I don't
want to see it on easy mode.
No.
Anyway, that's my question to you guys.
And I think that's it for now.
So we'll end on that lovely note where the hero, the hero is you and copyright 1986 Nintendo.
That's it.
We're going to go back to the studio.
See ya.
Thank you, me, for that lovely segment on the SP version of Kid Icarus, which was released
into the Nintendo online library on Switch in this past week.
Have you guys or you guys don't really do a lot of the Switch Nintendo library?
I don't play that often.
Yeah, it's not really.
Yeah.
I kind of check out the SP stuff once in a while.
Well, especially kind of like I was saying there, the ghosts and goblins, but like things
like I just I never was going to see otherwise.
The Kid Icarus thing, again, humble brag.
I saw that already when I was a kid, but also, I mean, all humble bragging aside, and I forgot
to talk about it in the video.
There was also pass codes we would always use, right?
Like I was it like Icarus fights, Medusa, terror, danger, horror, exclamation point.
Yeah.
So there were little codes you could use that would also get you a little further along
in the game to see that level.
But now who needs codes anymore?
You have SP versions.
We could sell you those codes for cheap.
Well, at least Nintendo is not selling those as well, unless you consider the price of
the online subscription, what you're paying.
But I think I let that one slide, considering that's not the only value in their online
subscription.
So anyway, let's travel around and check out some rapid fire news, some other quick things
going on in the industry.
You also have a podcast of the week.
Oh, yeah, let's do that.
Let's do it by all means, please.
You have a podcast to plug.
Absolutely.
And then comes courtesy of my friend Grim, who is the one of the creative talents behind
Voodoo Walrus.
And check out check it out.
It's a really funny, cool adventure comic.
But the podcast is called This Week We're Talking About.
And there are up to 10 episodes from what I can tell so far.
The last one was on April 4th.
And they basically just pick a topic and talk about it.
You know, it's like, oh, but but not.
Not with Katya or Trixie, but like this last episode is a kiss retrospective, 1971 through
1974.
And because Kiss is going to be retiring because it's about time, I'm sure Gene Simmons's tongue
has had so much Botox that it can't move out anymore.
But yeah, check him out.
Actually the favorite title of all.
Actually, there's two titles I super like.
One of them is episode eight.
We've come to teach you the boundless joys of a life without pants.
And oh, it actually is creep night and grim on that one.
So and then carbon units are not true life forms.
And it's actually about Star Trek the motion picture.
So go check them out.
There's only 10 episodes.
You can catch up easy.
All right.
Thank you for that lovely plug.
I had to also plug the shows at vognetwork.com because we have many shows that are part of
the network.
All of them broadcast live on Twitch.
A few of them do not, including anime jam session, which is hosted here on Tuesday nights.
But I will plug, I'm going to plug my own show.
I'm going to plug shaking and crying now, which I do with the lovely Aria snark.
Speaking of Game of Thrones, Aria snark is a cosplayer, but she goes by Victoria in the
real world.
And this week we talked about, well, Victoria did the show high.
So we talked about marijuana.
And we talked about 420 a little bit.
And you know, cause that's coming up.
So we had a very frank conversation on that.
So it was a interesting episode.
Also the first full day of Passover.
And guess what weed is kosher.
Good to know.
Good to know.
So you can check that out.
Shaking and crying.com.
But that's just going to take you to a little subsection at vognetwork.com.
Now we can get into some rapid fire news, Loki.
So if you're a fan of old edutainment, and this was probably a little, this was probably
a little after when I was actually playing a lot of those games, but you're probably
familiar with humongous or humongous entertainment and humongous entertainment did such wonderful
series as pajama Sam, Freddy fish, spy Fox, putt putt, et cetera.
Well they have a bundle now on humble bundle and you can get a shit ton of games for very
little money.
So for a dollar, you get, uh, quite a few.
So big fingers, first grade kindergarten, fatty bears, birthday, surprise, buzzy, the
airport, the farm, the jungle, putt, putt, and pops, uh, balloon, Orama doc on a stick
and activity pack.
What was that birthday surprise?
That was fatty bears or fatty bears.
Your dinner.
That sounds like my trip to Chicago last year.
Let's see where else.
Uh, and then of course spy Fox and cheese chase.
So all that for $1, not bad.
And then of course, um, if you pay the average price, which now is $11 and 16 cents, but
of course that changes as people are purchasing the bundle.
It's spy Fox to, uh, putt putt travels through time.
Freddy fish to pajamas, Sam for pajamas, Sam, lost and found, uh, lots of games basically.
Um, and then of course, $14 or more, um, you get even more games.
So pajamas, Sam, three Freddy fish, five, four spy Fox, three puppet joins the circus.
There's just a ton of goddamn games in there.
So if you really need to fill your steam library full of humongous games, then go check that
out on humble bundle.com because it's, there's a lot.
And then, um, there was this lawsuit against, um, take two, um, regarding red dead redemption
two, because in the game, of course, there's the Pinkertons, which were kind of this rival
to your gang.
And apparently the Pinkertons are actually real.
Um, there is this, uh, Pinkerton consulting and investigation.
Uh, they wanted royalties for every time the word Pinkerton was used in the game, but now
they have dropped their lawsuit against take two over their depiction of the Pinkertons.
Also there was the Pinkerton investigation agency in Hong Kong, just saying, so that's
been dropped.
Unfortunately, um, that lawsuit being gone does not make red dead online any better.
Fair enough.
Uh, maybe there'll be online in this game, although this is, um, you know, this is one
of those take it with a grain of salt cause it's not confirmed, but usually the ratings
boards, when we get leaks from the rating boards, we know there's something coming.
Like those don't tend to be things that lie to us.
So the Australian ratings board just approved something from way forward games, the developers
behind Shantae, um, and that Shantae you stay.
I always like, I can't say that game without saying that, uh, way forward did other stuff
too.
That was really cool.
Did they do blaster master zero?
No, but didn't they do, was it the DuckTales or masters?
Yes.
Yes.
So they've done some really cool classic remasters.
Well, apparently the game that was rated was called river city girls.
So some people are wondering, is this Kunio kun, which is the river city ransom, right?
Those games is that here now that franchise is by arc system works, but they have licensed
that out for other releases like river city ransom underground, which was by a Canadian
studio.
Did they maybe make like, did way forward maybe make a new river city ransom as game,
but now it's, you know, the twist is it's going to be girl fighters maybe, uh, who knows,
but I'm into it.
I'm into like river city ransom coming back.
I think that's a fun twist, uh, on the, the franchise, um, beginnings.
So that'd be cool.
Uh, dark soccer.
I know you love the Kunio kun type games.
Would you play river city girls?
I probably would.
Yeah.
And you know, especially if like the boys are the ones that are working at the cafe
and have to have to smile for free.
Yeah.
They're like, like they'd be prettier if they smiled more.
Fair enough.
Why not give everybody a turn?
Uh, and then that's, that's all I have.
So dark soccer, what do you have for us rapid fighters?
Well for fans of octopath traveler who don't necessarily have a system to play it on, um,
it's going to be on steam.
Of course.
Phoenix is going to put it on steam on June 7th.
So keep your eyes open if you sincerely want to play it.
Um, which honestly it's not a bad idea, but I hope that it will, there will be a Mac version
as well.
Um, and then, um, this one I thought was funny for all of you oculus sisters, there's creepy
messages on your controller, at least a few thousand of them.
Um, so there were, um, you know, different versions that went out for testing, um, different,
uh, but about tens of thousands of oculus touch controllers have creepy privacy related
Easter egg messages written on the internal hardware.
Like one of them says, the masons were here inscribed on a cable, others are big brother
is watching.
Um, you know, and other develop, developers will put jokes in their kits too, but here's
a few others.
One of them says, uh, this space for rent, the masons were here.
Big brother is watching.
Hi, I fix it.
We see you.
So that they will throw back to pin bot.
Now I see you.
I can see from bride of him, but, but yeah, but, um, they basically were part of the prototypes
and they went into production, but, um, they're trying to keep them from happening again.
Um, but yeah, the affected touch controllers are shipping with the rift S and oculus quest
headsets.
Um, and they're not going to recall them because I mean, why the fuck it might be really funny.
It's not like we don't have hidden messages and a lot of things that we use in our everyday
lives.
For example, um, currency, right?
Like coins, they have little, you know, things on them.
Um, also like, hello, don't y'all know, like, like everybody loves in and out when they
come to California.
You ever looked at one of the bottom of the cups at in and out Bible verses, Bible verses
on them.
So no, not on my cup, but thankfully they don't, you know, contribute money to, well,
do they not to anti LGBT, but you know, it's just, you know, you gotta do your research.
But I also, I have a controversial opinion on all that anyway, but I, you know, I still
eat it because, um, they treat their workers very well from what I understand.
And kids really want to work there.
So I think that's also very, I like that everyone who starts off there, even if they're, you
know, fresh incoming CEO or whatever, or executive have to take, um, have to spend a day on the
floor.
Oh, okay.
That's, that's interesting.
They're absolutely required to.
Oh, that's cool.
Yeah.
You know what's interesting?
The orientation I do in my work is the same required.
Why wouldn't you want to do that for a day?
That'd be fun.
Yeah.
Just for a day.
I think for a week.
Oh, well, you know, why not?
It's the best way to learn about what's going on, right?
So anyway, but my point is there's hidden messages in a lot of things.
It sounds like, sounds like this was one that wasn't meant to get out in mass.
In fact, Bobby, who we all know loves his VR in chat says, I fix it does tear down YouTube
videos.
That's what the message was for.
So of course that makes sense.
Yeah.
So, you know, they tried to hide a cute message for those folks and now it's turns out a lot
of folks see it.
I'll be honest.
I have used, I fix it before and for lack of having a manual with me when trying to
change on a hard drive and it wasn't like on a PC.
It was on, it was a, my old Toshiba.
Right.
So, all right.
Anyway, hidden messages.
They're everywhere.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's travel around the world and check out some release dates that are coming up.
Well, we've got Anno 1800 coming out on PC, Final Fantasy 10 and 10 2 HD remaster on the
Nintendo switch and Xbox one.
We have my time at Portia on switch PlayStation four and Xbox one world war Z on PC, PlayStation
four and Xbox one, um, trooper Brooke on the Nintendo switch PlayStation four and Xbox
one cup head on Nintendo switch.
And finally Katana zero on PC and the Nintendo switch.
That's it.
Are you going to pick up cup head on switch?
I've heard a lot of people talking about it on PC and I don't play it.
So why would I pick it up another platform not to play on PC and it makes me cry to continue
to not play it.
Oh, why is it?
Just cause it's fucking hard.
I do want to pick up birth defense force.
I did hold off on picking that up this week because I knew I wouldn't get to play it this
week.
So it's, which is why, and also it's kind of expensive, but I, I do need to get it.
All right.
Let's talk about some titles coming out in Japan on the PlayStation four this week.
It looks like the biggest title they have there is Langrisser one and two on the PlayStation
four.
This is a remake of these RPGs that were out on the mega drive in 1991 and 1994.
So now it's like a one, two combo remastered for the PlayStation four.
So there's a regular and a limited edition of that.
And that's on the PlayStation four this week.
The other release in Japan this week, override mech city brawl is also out this week in Japan.
And that is also on the PlayStation four looking quickly at the Nintendo switch that Langrisser
one and two is also out on the switch.
As well as a game called Tai Shu cross Alex, excuse me, Alice all in one.
That is the other release in Japan this week.
Otherwise it's a relatively slow week in Japan, but I know we're heading into a big holiday
thing coming up here pretty soon, I think at the end of the month.
So it's probably going to be slow for a little bit.
How about Europe?
It's a little bit slow.
I mean, there's some stuff to look forward to.
So there is my time at Porsche on April 15th.
Also out on the 15th is world war Z and then final fantasy 10, 10 to HD remaster.
On the 16th, we have snooker 2019 which is a pool game.
On the 17th, we have trooper Brook constructor plus, and our world is ended.
And then on the 18th ghost giant deluxe edition.
That's it.
That's it.
And then my birthday, which is a game in and of itself because trying to just live is fun.
That's right.
Happy early birthday because we do another show.
It will have passed.
Right.
Thank you.
I'm old.
So no, you're not.
You're doing a 24 hour stream for your birthday.
Right.
I'm just kidding.
No, I'm going to be in San Francisco.
Oh, that'd be.
Oh yes.
Oh, cause you're, you're not here on the next episode, right?
No, I am not.
I'm going to be going to the, uh, conclave for the 40th anniversary of the sisters of
perpetual indulgence because I know you're very heavily involved with that.
I would love to go.
I have a very busy next weekend is very busy myself though.
I'm hosting an event Friday here in SAC, a burlesque show in old town and then a rocky
horror is on four 20.
The very important thing though about the theme burlesque show or is it just a regular
burlesque?
It is a themed burlesque show because it is also a, it is that cannabis weekend.
So it's a cannabis burlesque show.
That's interesting.
Come see what it is.
The other thing though about this particular one is that, um, the, the, the Easter in the
park had been done traditionally at Dolores park and had to move to golden gate park when
they changed the gathering rules for Dolores park.
They got a special, uh, dispensation for the 40th anniversary to have it at Dolores park
again.
So if anyone, any of our listeners is in San Francisco, come find me.
Um, I will be, uh, in my sister persona, I'll be wearing a little blue and white Lolita
dress with a floofy hat and I'm sure there'll be pictures on social media, but my face will
be hidden.
Can you find me?
It's where's Jamie?
Uh, and I'm okay going off topic a little bit because this is the part of the show where
we would be answering your emails, participate at orange laundry.com is the place to send
us emails and every week, dark soccer dives in the mailbag and finds what she wants to
read about tonight.
But this week, someone washed the floor.
It's not sticky anymore.
It's clean.
So there's nothing in the mailbag once again.
Yeah.
And because of that, I'm going to play animal crossing.
No, no.
We're going to talk about RuPaul's drag race.
Oh, that's right.
So, so girl, I didn't watch this a week's episode.
Why?
I just haven't gotten around to it yet, but it was so satisfying.
I know.
I've heard what happens cause you know, things get ruined on social media.
If you, I was ready for that bitch to go.
Now I got one more bitch to go.
You know which bitch I want to go.
Uh, probably Dr Ganesh.
Dr Ganesh.
Yeah.
I'm thinking.
Dr Ganesh is proof that you can be well educated and still be a fucking moron.
Let's keep it positive.
Who are you rooting for?
Positively stupid.
Who are you rooting for at this point in the competition?
Evie.
Evie?
I really like Evie.
I like Evie too.
But I super love Miss Vangie and I want her to, I think Vangie is going to get, um, Miss
Vangie is going to get a spinoff series.
Miss Vangie just, Miss Vangie is going to be like the Alyssa Edwards of this generation
of drag race.
You know what I mean?
Miss Vangie though, I think is going to be, um, what, what fan favorite called, um, uh,
crap that De La got and oh, Miss Congeniality.
Yes.
Thank you.
Cause I was like, I couldn't make the word come out of my mouth.
Oh, by the way, in chat right now, Frodo's swaggin says reload the mailbag cause I sent
something 10 minutes ago.
Too bad.
It's already closed and you made me lose a fish.
Damn it.
All right.
Let me look at this freaking mailbag.
We can roll it to next week.
Well, you won't be here next week.
Then you can read it.
Rob.
It's up to you.
No, you go ahead.
Let's do it.
Let's do it.
Loki.
Loki is literally typing in chat.
Save me.
It's just called OLR.
Okay.
All right.
Hey, OLR.
Frodo's swaggin's here.
I wanted to take a second to talk about Roblox.
I've always, it's coming up later in the show, but okay.
It's fine.
We'll talk about it now.
I've always seen it on X-Box and PC.
I've also seen it.
It's on X-Box?
I didn't know there was an X-Box.
That's cool.
Cause it's windows shit.
Makes sense.
Yeah.
I've also seen people try to do add-ons for it.
They get their computers hyper infected.
Watch what your kids download.
Is that the technical term for it?
It's windows shit.
Shit.
Yeah, exactly.
Is that the technical term?
Yeah.
Is that what we call the windows store now?
I did this number.
Sorry.
Sorry, Loki.
I didn't mean to.
It's very popular.
I know it's popular.
My son plays it every day.
Watch.
What do you download?
Come to find.
Oh, I don't want to download whatever.
What's it going to do?
Hyper infect this computer that has nothing on it?
Can I read an email, please?
Come to find out it's on all platforms, actually.
I also just assumed it was going to be for younger age group just by looking at the title
and screenshots.
Anyway, last week I said why not and opened up the game and holy shit, there are thousands
of games in there to choose from.
Not all games are great, but there are many gems here to have fun with.
It's literally all I've been playing lately, especially some of the first person shooters.
The graphics obviously aren't anything special, but the gameplay is definitely there.
Especially on PC with keyboard and mouse, the shooters feel great.
Also been dumping hours into restaurant tycoon.
Anyway, I had no idea what the heck Roblox was and I'm glad I opened it up.
Lol.
Also, I've seen people making their own games and putting it on there.
Loki, have you ever thought about making a game for Roblox?
No, I mean, sort of.
I've looked at it, but I'm not really interested in Roblox at all.
My son is.
That's actually why he's doing his programming class now, because actually part of the programming
class once he gets high enough into it, because they have to learn Scratch, then JavaScript,
then they actually do Roblox level making with Lua.
I keep forgetting your kid's going to finish a game before you do.
He doesn't.
He already did a game.
He's done several, because they have several projects that they work on.
I just don't.
The John Cena game.
He had that, but he has several that he's done since then, because he's been doing it
for like a couple months now.
But no, once they actually get out of, he belts up to yellow, they start doing JavaScript
and stuff.
And then eventually I think it's like they do Lua and Roblox and they start teaching
like level design, stuff like that.
I've thought about it, but like, I just don't want to.
You should say you've made him a game and it's nothing but like Josh's adventures at
the broccoli farm.
There's so much rampant like IP theft on that.
It's just not even like you think you think like YouTube's bad with all like the weird
children's programming, but like people like because I think some a lot of kids are making
so they don't give a fuck what they rip off.
It's just like, oh, hey, I'm playing a Five Nights at Freddy's game.
I'm sure you had permission to do that or hey, I'm playing an Avengers game or whatever
the fuck I'm playing.
The way I heard about Roblox the first time and like I thought it was just like a kid
only thing and I never even bothered to look at it.
The way I heard about it was that there were you know, I played those fakie fakie survivor
and big brother games online.
Well, some of those people play survivor Roblox games and so they have all sorts of this is
happening by the way.
Yeah.
Oh yes.
Now who's derailing the topic?
Yeah.
Yeah.
They have all sorts of like simulator games that he'll play and stuff and that's fine.
It's entertaining for him.
It's free.
He does want me to buy the premium currency form every once in a while.
I'll do that like once or twice a year for him and then that's it.
But like they've got like physical toys you can get the unlocked stuff in the games and
they have.
And you can basically build a game and build your own like premium stuff in there that
they purchase with their points and you get money for it is what kind of the incentive.
So it's funny our emailer brought up Roblox because I actually have a showreel story on
it here later.
We just haven't come across it yet.
And so I only know of this game what my friends from the other stuff have told me about it.
I haven't really bothered to do any research.
So sometimes when I want to learn more about a game I'll go look up twitch streams.
So you should totally stream yourself playing Roblox.
It's free.
OK.
Maybe I will.
Well here's the problem.
When I went into those like Roblox streams and like just clicked on some random ones
I sampled like for every single one of them was like a 13 year old and I felt fucking
creepy because I'm like I'm a 40 year old dude watching these 13 year olds play like
where are the adults.
You know the average people that play Fortnite though in like Apex Legends stuff is probably
the same.
So if you're probably you know what.
And see when I was 13 back in my day I was calling into BBS's and I bet like a lot of
adults are on this.
I remember talking to people that were in like their 20s and 30s and I was 13 posting
on these like fucking BBS threads and stuff.
Sorry I'm sorry.
I scared the hell.
My mom hated it.
Sorry to derail that.
Once again.
What else.
I did want to bring this up and this is to your interest as well.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Is the email done.
OK.
The email is done so we can we can do a tangent.
Sorry.
So Humble Bundle as I was talking about before they have another bundle right now that is
a classics video games.
It's boss fight books and they do kind of post mortems and stuff.
It's a nonfiction documentary style books about classic video games and stuff.
The reason I mention this is in their one dollar one there is a book on ZZT Oh get out
and not only ZZT but Earthbound Mega Man 3 Galaga.
And then of course you know if you pay that more than the average which is eight bucks
they have like Soft and Cuddly Super Mario Brothers 2 Bible Adventures Metal Gear Solid
American one.
And these are all e-books.
Yeah these are all e-books.
But like I saw the ZZT I'm like I may have to pick that up and that's good for another
about two and a half days.
So I hope I remember after the show to go look that up.
I love ZZT.
I'm curious though who the authors are because if they're authors that work for a particular
large gaming Web site then I'm interested.
It's Anna Anthropy.
I oh I've I've heard that name before.
I believe she was at one of the gamer X events.
Yes.
She's been right or author of Rise of the Video Game Zenisters.
OK yes I know I think I recognize the panels a gamer game creator historian 30 year old
teen witch.
All right.
So OK.
I can deal with that.
Teen witches are so in right now.
Yeah.
You know watching Sabrina.
All right.
OK.
Oh.
And says.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She says her previous.
Yeah.
Rise of the Video Game Zenisters and Starwench which she recently made is easy to version
of.
Oh so.
OK.
So there's a little credit in there.
She makes her own ZZT game.
So yeah.
All right.
I'm into it.
Yeah.
Definitely.
All right.
I'll check it out.
All right.
Anyways that's all I had.
No that's fine.
Let's move on.
Let's get into some more gaming news.
You have a few more things that we're going to get to the discord part of the show and
as well as any chat room comments.
We'll get to that a little later on here in our roundtable.
But first Loki.
So this is interesting.
We have Twitch actually releasing games on their platform.
So this is a new free to play karaoke game called Twitch sings and it's a partnership
between harmonics and Twitch and it's been in beta for a while.
Yes.
Because you've probably seen this on Twitch already but only certain people had access
to it.
So apparently yet.
So they have now close to 2000 songs and we'll get new songs over time.
And apparently it ties directly with the players Twitch accounts letting them stream
games without needing any sort of additional software or whatever.
Interesting you also support duets using asynchronous multiplayer where one person records half
of it and the other person sings to the upload of that.
Interesting I have no interest in doing this whatsoever but it's interesting that it's
something that's available.
I hope we see more things like this or you know Twitch built games or something.
I downloaded it and I'm too afraid to play it on stream.
I got to be honest because my one like karaoke infamous thing I did was when we were at that
theme park years ago and I went to sound booth and I did Madonna's like a prayer because
that was like a big thing you will do like yeah you go record your video or the video
no music video is a CD this is before like CD burners were everywhere.
So like that was the great America right now is a great America.
Yeah we're there.
You know I didn't do that Jessica did Lisa Loeb or oh oh no non blondes that was always
her like no she did.
She did stay.
Oh yeah.
That was one of her go to.
So yeah.
Yeah.
But anyway.
So anyway.
Well the problem is that CD ended up in the hands of trying to Travis Donovan.
Oh no.
So it kind of like makes me nervous to do karaoke again.
I've gone out and done karaoke at bars and stuff but I don't know like I'm not a great
singer like I'm not William Hung but I'm not like great.
I'm going to get off key sometimes.
So makes me a little scared to play it on Twitch.
I did download the client just to see if I could play it like offline.
I think I can but I didn't even want to play it because Alan was home.
I didn't even want Alan around I was trying to play it.
I should have played it earlier today when he went to the gym but I was working on it.
I did that movie you saw during the break instead when he was gone at the gym.
So I don't know.
Maybe I'll play two things somewhat.
Would you be willing to do karaoke on stream or soccer.
I would do it once once.
OK.
All right.
I've I've done it and I've been recorded before.
Maybe I'll do it for charity.
Maybe that's maybe that's will finally get me to do two things if it's for rock band
for charity maybe.
Yeah.
Something like that.
By the way why are all the copies of robot money do you like expensive.
I have no idea why.
I don't know.
All right.
Moving on to talk about World of Warcraft something a little more old school and getting
really old school pretty soon because World of Warcraft classic as you know is on the
way out because what's new is not good for some people they want to go play the game
the way it used to be back in my day so World of Warcraft classic is on the way and people
want to know how's PVP going to work.
Like because you know PVP didn't just like end up in the game all at once.
How is it going to work in World of Warcraft classic what's going to look like when the
game rolls out.
And the answer is it's going to be rolled out gradually just like it was when the original
game launched.
So there will be no kill tracking or reward system at first.
If you take down other players just to kill them.
That's just good.
Good on you.
E-peen.
E-peen points.
That's all you get.
Phase two kicks in there will be an honor system and rank rewards.
And then the third phase will bring in the battlegrounds.
Alterac Valley, Warsong Gulch.
The fourth phase, Arathi Basin.
The fifth phase I don't think I don't think will affect PVP I think they're doing other
updates.
And the sixth phase is finally the World PVP in the Eastern Playlands and Silithus.
But we don't know how long these phases are.
We don't know if they're months.
We don't know if they're weeks or what that's going to look like.
But I don't know.
I really think all these people have been demanding the classic WoT and I think they're
going to download it, play it, and realize it sucks.
Like I just feel like Blizzard's pouring all these resources into something that's not
going to last very long.
I mean I'm sure there'll be like a little a little audience that sticks with it hardcore.
Now if they were doing something a little more frozen in time when Wrath of the Lich
King was current content maybe but I even then I still feel like it would be something
where it's like oh you download the novelties but you've just gotten too used to the quality
of life stuff that's in the MMOs now.
Like when people realize that there is no flying mounts that's going to be irritating.
When people realize that oh there's weapon skills you have to level up because that's
what you used to have to do and wow they're going to be annoyed.
Like there's a lot of things where the quality of life you forget like how much these games
have progressed because oh everything sucks now I guess.
I don't know.
Anyway World of Warcraft classic I'll still check it out.
Like I mean it's supposed to be free if you're a wow subscriber anyway which I am so I'll
check it out anyway but it's just I don't think it's going to be that big a deal.
All right.
Anyhow let's move on.
DarkSakura what do you have for us?
Well there is a documentary coming about this comes actually from Destructoid but they are
doing a project about Shirley Curry who is the gaming grandma.
And so they're going to basically it's going to be actually no it looks like it's already
released but it's for her 83rd birthday.
Going through Skyrim and YouTube and how all of these people have affected her life and
how she keeps doing it and enjoys what she does.
So I think that's pretty cool and I'd say if you want to watch it I'll link the page
for it in the chat room but it's on Destructoid and I think it would be a worthwhile watch.
And this is the same grandma that is like known for Skyrim and we just had a story like
two weeks ago about that she's in Elder Scrolls 6 now.
Yep.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
She seems like a fun lady.
So I tried to get my mom into games but she wasn't having it.
I can just imagine your mom sit her down with Skyrim you know and what she would say.
No.
Yeah.
She would.
Yeah.
No.
I detect holding a controller like this.
She'd be like what do I do.
There's too many.
But you know you do it.
I'll just tell you what to do.
No.
The only games I could ever get my mom to play would be like Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy
Family Feud like the game show games.
She would play those but she would still be like you type it in.
You do.
You run it.
I don't want to touch it.
Oh my God.
Why don't they have game show games like in VR.
Like imagine actually being able to spin the wheel in Wheel of Fortune.
I'm sure somebody is working on something like that.
Just I was going to say just waiting for VR to gain a little more of a foothold.
But honestly PlayStation VR is so like out there now I'm now I'm surprised there isn't
a Wheel of Fortune VR game.
You can even have someone host it or something.
I don't know.
It'd be funny.
It's like a wish.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
These I smell money games live game show apps are all the rage.
Now did you know that even dating apps have like game show things in them.
What Yeah.
There's like there's a there's what are you saying there's like a tinder game show now
sort of like I wouldn't expect you to know about this because it's a gay dating app.
There's a gay one called Scruff that like you know gay dudes used to find each other.
And this thing has a game show built into it that they do.
That's just it's the exact same thing as HQ it's the exact same thing as that.
But it's in this and they'll they'll do a thing where they're all like if you've been
eliminated from the game you can swipe to the side and see other players that have been
eliminated and you can tap on their profile to save them for later or whatever.
I don't I don't know all the ins and outs of it but yeah they do like a game show and
I know it's funny but like it's all the rage these these game show things okey doke.
And I don't think it's just dating apps that are doing them too.
So I'm surprised that we don't have like an HQ type of thing on PlayStation yet or Microsoft.
Maybe it's a matter of time.
I don't know.
So let's see Kai's you know says I was watching a trivia show in Altspace VR SSU 100 Matt
says got to have a VR match game with a digital Charles Nelson Riley.
Hell yes.
Well ABC has been reviving all those old game shows like match game is back on ABC and they're
they're doing a press your luck.
And I think it was the other one concentration maybe that they're doing to I know there's
they're adapting.
Yeah.
ABC is having a lot of those game shows are probably more successful in American Idol
reboots doing so you know that's on air.
It's like literally on right now like on the word like there's an American Idol thing on
now.
Like against Game of Thrones.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
I guess it's something to realize that was on.
Yeah.
No it's back.
Well like it's not even Simon Cowling there anymore it's Katy Perry some country guy Luke
something and Lionel Richie.
Yeah I watched that like part maybe part of it last season.
I don't really remember.
I don't watch the show but I see the emotional porn clips on Facebook of like this really
sweet audition that just knocks it apart.
You won't believe what happens at the 75 second mark like those types of things.
I just know I'm not doing this.
I tried to.
We tried watching I think we just got bored of it really fast.
All right let's move on a few more stories for you guys before we get to discord if we
have anybody tonight unfortunately because of those things our live viewership is a little
lower than this week.
How long is the season again.
There's only like six or seven weeks right.
It's a short season.
It's like eight episodes.
No offense but good.
It's gotten into our numbers.
All right.
A few more stories for you guys first though Loki.
So in case you're not aware there is this Twitter account called Can you pet the dog
which basically answers or ask that question among lots of things including games.
I'm assuming just games.
But apparently one of them it actually looked at into the gungeon and it said no.
And so into the gungeon of course the devs behind that once people I guess saw that they
prompted them to like hey you know why can't we pet the dog in the game.
So with the latest update they have now added the ability to pet the dog into the game in
which the of course tweet was deleted from the Twitter account.
Can you pet the dog with now it being updated to say yes yes now you can pet the dog.
All those updates just to get on the Web site that yes you can now pet the dog.
Yes.
What happens when you pet the dog.
Just go Arf.
I don't like in some games when you go up and talk to the dog the dog just goes wolf
estimation boy and that's like you petting the dog.
I don't know but you can I guess I'll have to download and see I don't know.
All right.
Anyhow.
And lastly tonight my last story that I had earmarked for tonight was about roblox.
So I guess we kind of already got into that discussion earlier but the notable landmark
for roblox is that they have hit 90 million monthly active users.
They announced that news today actually.
This gaming company is also going to be expanding into other territories.
French and German languages will be added into the game and even more languages from
there.
So in a statement the president of roblox international which yes is a thing Chris Minzer
said roblox is where anyone can unleash their creativity and have fun with their friends
no matter where they live.
By bringing top games and resources to French and German audiences we're uniting the next
generation through a truly global platform for play.
Everyone playing it is 13 I'm telling you.
Or younger.
Or even younger.
No I should I there was one or two people in chat that were like I'm 30 and I play it
so I'm just saying I just knows wow.
I feel old.
I don't usually get that feeling a lot but yeah and dark soccer if you're in your feelings
right now with your birthday being this week I implore you do not watch roblox streams
because you'll just be more in your feelings because that's where I was today.
I have no feelings.
My heart shriveled up.
All right.
So congratulations though to roblox no you know what I will say this.
I will say that it's really cool that roblox is getting kids interested in programming
and stuff like the way you describe it.
That is pretty rad.
So as much as I like poke fun at this game tongue in cheek I think that is really cool.
Wow breaking news I had no idea this was the case.
Bobby Blackwell is telling me buzzer the network on Twitch that has all the classic game shows
is no longer airing.
That's tragic.
Is the over the air buzzer still there.
I'm sad.
What happened.
They put a goodbye message or anything.
God damn it.
This is why we can't have nice things.
I love my classic game shows but I guess that's actually I feel like it probably went off
the air a while ago.
I haven't seen it in a long time actually.
So they probably pulled themselves a long time ago.
No I don't see anything.
It just said we'll be back soon.
All right then.
Yeah as soon as any time.
Yeah that could be anything.
All right well anyhow hopefully you'll be with us very soon.
We're going to take some calls now via discord.
So if you want to be on the show you can join the green room over on the vog network discord
which again is accessible over at vog network dot com slash discord.
Although of course nobody's there right now I have a feeling it's going to be a very slow
week just because our live listenership is a little bit lower than usual and I imagine
all the TV going on and other things share of sorts.
Well not just that but if I'm not mistaken if Easter is next weekend then I mean spring
break started this week for a lot of people.
Right.
Yeah.
So that's probably cutting into it too.
So I don't think it's just the HBO shows fault and that sort of thing.
So we'll take questions in our chat and comments as well over a vog.
Well I mean vog network dot com will get you there but over twitch TV slash vog network.
So as you know says I just saw buzzer a day or two ago it's a sister network on one of
my local channels.
Yeah they they are you know when TV switched from analog to digital right.
So like TVs don't have the dials anymore or if you had a TV that had the dials you had
to get an adapter to get digital signals that changed like God that was probably like eight
years ago at this point it's been a while.
When the expansion to digital happened there's more room there's more bandwidth.
So it's off the air because I'm like it seems to be pulling up on their Web site.
I don't know if maybe they're streaming through a different platform or something interesting
I don't know if they have it or that could actually that could be the buzzer.
That could be the buzzer network that's over the air.
Maybe it's just on their their but but I can't pull that up on my Xbox one.
That's what I like to do with the twitch app is I would just pull up buzzer and watch old
game shows.
So anyway but yeah no but the digital expansion happens so that's why you have like all these
like little networks that you're like you know like your CBS station like here we have
what CBS is 13 right.
So I think 13 too is like the CBS all news network all day and it is news all 24 7 and
I think there's another one that's just weather 24 7.
And so that's where buzzer goes on some of these areas is that they just go on one of
the digital channels.
Some will do like Christian programming all day long depending on what part of the country
you live in or other types of religious programming or possibly Spanish language programming is
another one.
There's another one that's on to movies.
There's some that just show classic movies all day long.
So it just depends.
Let's see Frodo Swaggins is asking in our chat room is did Facebook streaming ever go
anywhere.
Oh it's it's still a thing.
I see it's so easy from your mobile phone.
I mean like the real life streaming.
I see that all the time.
I was watching because I was a youtuber that I watch only 43 who does a lot of Grand Theft
Auto stuff and all sorts of other games.
But he for a while tried doing live streaming from Facebook for the Facebook gaming stuff
specifically gaming.
OK.
Yeah.
So Facebook gaming stuff and his thing take away from it was when he did like his first
few streams.
He got quite a few views on there but then it really dropped immensely afterwards like
he was getting just no traction whatsoever and he thought it was probably their algorithm
that's fucking with it.
And so he's basically given up on it and going back to Twitch and YouTube instead.
So it sounds like it's still out there but however they have their algorithms it's not
working out.
They might have had that curiosity factor at first too.
But then like now people aren't talking about oh Facebook's getting into gaming streaming
so people aren't looking at it.
Yeah.
I think that's a huge part.
So it's there but I don't know how long until I think that the problem where I think a lot
of the competitors to Twitch and so forth have a real problem getting their foot in
the door is because Twitch has an app.
Twitch isn't just a Web site.
Twitch is a phone app.
Twitch is an app on PlayStation 4.
It's an app on Xbox One.
And I would bet those that are watching the show right now some are probably on their
PCs.
Most are on their PCs or Macs whatever you know desktop computers right now watching
the show.
And I would say quite a few are on their mobile phones watching probably so they can watch
in their bedroom or while they multitask or something.
Maybe some might just have their headphones in because you can just listen to audio only
on Twitch.
So some people might be doing it that way.
And then some folks might be on their PlayStation or their Xbox One streaming through it right
now.
That's what's so I think great about Twitch.
When Facebook gaming came out the only way to watch it was on PC or Mac or whatever.
Could you even do it on the mobile app.
Maybe you probably could do it on the mobile app.
That's it.
It wasn't really baked into consoles or anything else.
At least Mixer you know which is probably Twitch's biggest well Mixer and YouTube I
guess which are probably the biggest competitors.
YouTube is also available everywhere right.
We know that YouTube is everywhere.
Mixer is on most of those places.
It's just not on the PlayStation or the Nintendo Switch.
But if these rumors and things about Nintendo and Microsoft being in bed together continue
I would bet we're going to get a Mixer app on Nintendo Switch before we get a Twitch
app on Nintendo Switch.
Not saying you're gonna be able to stream your games.
I don't know if the Switch has the power for that but you might be able to watch at least.
I mean YouTube is on there now.
Am I correct.
So yeah.
Yeah.
Look in our chat lights up there and Bobby says the Amazon Fire TV stick finally got
a Twitch update.
Act Deaf is using his PlayStation 4.
Spyro 557 Jonathan's on his phone.
Frodo Swaggins is on his phone at work.
So people that's the great thing about Twitch in my opinion.
And one reason why I was really sold on the move over from how we were doing this before
on Shoutcast.
Yeah.
Because you couldn't really do Shoutcast I mean you could do Shoutcast on mobile but
it was like you had to know that you really download an app called TuneIn and that will
get you into it and like all this stuff like it just wasn't the same.
Like Twitch is very very easy and that's kind of what I like about it to be honest.
Anyway I do see we have a call waiting in the green room so I want to go ahead and take
a call here.
I just closed my control panel however so there we go I think I can do my drag and drop
now.
Yes there we go.
Hi you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey this is Act Deaf.
Hey it's good to hear from you Act Deaf.
What's up buddy?
Well I want to talk about KmonGo and pretty much all the events we've had for the last
like two months maybe.
There's been a lot right because we don't just have the community days but we've been
having these research days right so it's it's been a lot.
Yeah it's been a lot we've had the at least in the last month.
We've had the Econox event, we've had also the Lotad and Castform event, then we also
had Trico last month, we had just the Bagon community day also and we had this past week
what what what other event we had oh the debug got a bug out event.
So yeah there have been like really really tons of events but by my question here for
for you and anyone on the studio playing Pokemon Go have you liked the events at all?
Have you literally been like excited to play an event?
When I can go to them.
Yeah I'm kind of with you Jamie I like the concept of the events I think they're doing
too many of these limited time events.
I think these like week long things like the bug festival or the raid bosses are changing
that's fine but like there's too many things that are limited time and then you have that
whole FOMO if you fear missing out and you feel like well the object of the game is to
collect them all and they can't do every event then I've flopped and I might as well quit
playing and like these things like the lunchtime raids like in theory that's a good idea but
that they should be doing it like more often than what they're doing or the you know the
community day and stuff that's fine and good but like I can't like put aside this specific
three hour window to go do these things every time you know at the whim of Niantic and whatever
window they choose that's why I think the low tat event and the castle one thing ended
up being a little better because that had the nine hour window on it right yeah yeah
and that was a little better so you didn't feel the need to grind the entire nine hours
you just did it enough to get like your one or two but then I guess the shiny drop rate
was so low on some some people did grind for hours and hours and still didn't get what
they were looking for so I think Niantic in some ways has to find the balance there but
I think as far as like the burnout of Pokemon go with all these events and the limited event
fatigue I think it's very real like I have a friend who is a big presence in Pokemon
go like co like he doesn't lead the raid group but he's kind of like the vice lead of a big
raid group here locally and he kind of said like yeah I'm just getting really kind of like Pokemon
go is kind of starting to drag a little bit like it's just not as exciting as used to be so he
picked up ingress and like he's gone like off the deep end and ingress I mean that a good way like
he's already up to like level he's gonna be level 9 pretty soon which you know takes a little while
I know it doesn't sound like a long way but it's a pretty long way in ingress and it like he's just
enjoying that right now so it's and I'm sure when the Harry Potter game comes out of all things it's
gonna make this worse because so many people are gonna want to jump ship to Harry Potter now is that
really a loss for Niantic I guess not if they're just it's kind of like it's kind of like when
people leave World of Warcraft to go play overwatch is that really a loss for blizzard not really
because you're still kind of keeping them in the system keeping it in the fam so to speak so yeah
I don't know but um how are you feeling about it all act after what's that what's the impression
from you as well as like your community well mostly my community has been someone liking it
but but I understand also the frustration coming from the loss of people and friends that are
playing right now because like for example the past bug out of band that lasted a week do you
get any like shiny from from it from which event I didn't get any from the last one yeah from the
bug bug out of and from oh the bug event no I didn't get any I I'm sorry when he was saying
that real fat I was like is that a bag on I got no no the bug event I ain't gaining I had well I
already had a shiny Caterpie I had that from before I got it in a research task but I know
like Scyther was the new one no I did I saw Scyther's everywhere but I didn't get a shiny
yeah and many people were frustrated because of that because oh there they all wanted us
a shiny Scyther I managed to get one and I was like really really lucky but so many people even
in my my personal raid group like we're really really frustrated they were like oh I'm tired
of this I don't want to do this every every single week like per se because if if you're not gonna
get like new content we're not gonna get like that really really big chance of getting a shiny
and I understand that a shiny it's like a really really lucky occurrence it shouldn't be like oh
they they just dust them around especially with this kind of events but still it's like there's
no not gonna say pressure but there's no there's no really really great reward yeah or doing those
events so yeah you just play normally I think Pokemon go could really benefit from like a
crafting system sort of thing like a way and you know not maybe like literally the way you might
interpret what I'm when I say that but like you know a way to sort of guarantee that you can get
a shiny Scyther if you do like a lot of work like you might still have a chance at it through RNG
but like you guarantee yourself one if you're willing to do a lure item for a shiny yeah well
because they don't want to give out well I've heard that that might be something because somebody did
data mining I've heard there is like a shiny it's either a is it a lure or an incense these an
incense thing that they're looking at doing like that would attract more shinies but I also
realized Niantic doesn't want to necessarily give away shinies like candy because there's only so
many and then like if somebody fills out a pokey Texas shinies then what you know like what's what's
left to do in the game for some people so they want to keep people coming back so but I you know
I think of things like the Meltan quest I took a long time to do or the what was the one the
Halloween by the way I know it's hard it's hard to find the Aerodactyl huh spirit orb I think I've
had a bunch of Aerodactyls had a spear I just keep forgetting the transfer stuff to my let's go game
but um you know they had a question I think I think maybe if there was like some type of
questing or some other way you could like guarantee you to get a shiny if you do a lot
of work if you spin a stop every day if you're checking like I I think it would help I think
with some of that so that at least you can still get the reward and not feel like you're just at
the mercy of the random number generator yeah and I've seen concepts of that like the shiny
incense and also like in the main games that you can have a shiny charm so you could possibly get
they could reward it if if they they're planning on expanding levels like instead of 40 being the
limit like 45 or 50 being the level limit they can probably reward the a shiny charm for yeah
those getting levels or you know maybe maybe you'll hate me for putting this idea out in the
universe but one big thing they started doing in ingress when they released ingress prime is that
now you can do something called recursion so if you were a max level agent in ingress level 16
you could basically go back to the beginning you wouldn't lose your badge you wouldn't lose your
perks that come with the leveling you wouldn't lose like your badges or anything you wouldn't
lose your lifetime AP is still track but basically you go back to level one and level again I
actually did it and I'm only on level 10 in the recursion process now so soft six levels to go
which can take me a very long time but my point is we're still waiting to see what the perk is
for recursing in the first place besides a shiny badge but what if they brought in a similar type
of system in Pokemon go where okay you've hit the max level you've gone as far as you can go in
Pokemon go you can reset back to level one but you get a big reward like a shiny charm maybe would be
like your your reward for resetting back to level one I bet you there's people that would do it for
a shiny charm Shane or maybe like a permanent incubator and a second permanent incubator for
recursing going back to the beginning there might be some people that would be really intrigued by
that idea so I don't know this is something that I could I think when we talk about extra levels in
Pokemon go I have a feeling they might do something like the recursion from ingress instead or
prestige ing is how they call this in other games too and yeah that that would be actually awesome I
would be down for that actually because even right now and as sj100 madison and shad you get to level
40 and lucky x are like yeah I I don't need them I I have no use for them I have like almost like
more than 40 lucky x that I don't I don't use because I don't have the need for them
so yeah having like recursive or or prestige whatever they want to call it yeah it would be
great because they I would be like more incentivized to play more because I would
like to to get those rewards again at level 20 level 30 or even getting again to level 40
that that would be like really awesome that the game is fine right now it's it isn't
and like bobby buckwolf says also a dead game it isn't at all well he always says that just yeah
yeah he's that's the recurring joke there but but still that there's many people that think that
and it it isn't but it's starting to feel like is it is going to be a dead game it won't it's
starting to feel like a job and games shouldn't feel like a job yes and I see people that treat
pokemon go and ingress as their job you know and it's like you just kind of like okay you don't
want to let a game dictate that much you know what I mean it's it's really it's really kind
of hard to watch that but um maybe niantic is listening and maybe would adapt some of these
ideas I think that would be very exciting but I will say this you know despite this conversation
about some of the troubles of pokemon go I don't know about your neck of the woods but like
community day yesterday down at capital park where I usually go it was it was hopping like it was
more crowded yesterday and I've seen it in quite a while so I don't know if that's just because the
weather was really good too or what but it was it was hopping yesterday oh yeah I've seen that
effect on my neck on the woods were there server problems there's um not in the states yeah there
were server problems in japan yeah yeah they they always happen in japan it's like they give
they end up extending it and in japan what happens is because now they do it time zone by time zone
who has the first time zones on the planet that region like australia asia they get the first
ones and so all the problems show up then yeah in japan it's always a given that it's going to fail
that these at the first hour so yeah they always extend it they always do something like that
because it always fails because there's way too many people playing in japan yeah and not
mentioning spoopers but yeah i was gonna say i didn't notice anything going on so no it was
fine here but but california if you think about it we're one of the last areas to do community
day because the only place on earth that has time zones later than us is like hawaii alaska
the hawaii and alaska would be the latter or earlier than us would be the no they're they
because they have to wait till it's three o'clock in their region so oh i see and they're behind so
hawaii is like the last on the planet to do the community day basically yeah so yeah but but yeah
going back to the community day thing it was pretty great the past two community days have been
really packed their way there have been way more people than in previous community days and that
has been awesome but something that is going to suck but really really suck is coming into the
summer having the three to six time in a 110 degree weather i don't know if you caught me
i complained about this exact thing earlier i said they're gonna need to re-evaluate those times when
summer gets here because five o'clock is the hottest point of the day so either it needs to
go back what do it in the morning or yeah they need to go back to the 11 am time frame or i'm
just gonna go play indoors like we have a mall here that has 10 pokestops it's enough
yeah that's what we're planning to on on on possibly torture community day
we're going to the mall it has four five pokestops too and two gyms so we're gonna be fine
there there's tons of pokies uh pokemon spawning there so so yeah because in the summer at least
we would have endured the first hour and a half um being outside at the middle of the day but
still it would have been uh like okay we can we can endure it but three to six is gonna be like
hell literally hell because it's gonna be way too hot you know what i'm thinking i'm like while
it's on my mind i'm like next time i go to galleria i need to submit more ingress portals
there so that way by the time summer rolls around maybe there'll be some more pokestops
like kind of help myself in advance that's what i'm thinking too that's what i'm thinking with
my brother since his level 10 ah we can make more portals there yeah go get him to submit some
portals at the mall get ready for that because those take a few months to go through so get
working on that yeah all right all right my friend i'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up the show
but thank you for calling in i appreciate that and uh it's always good to talk to you and have
a great week okay hey thanks for having me and good luck with shiny latios thank you i'll try
my best take care buddy thanks all right always good to hear from act theft and i think uh i think
on that note that's probably the i didn't see anybody else in the green room waiting so i think
we'll probably wrap up on that note but thanks of course to everybody who's uh listening live
tonight and participating and of course if you're listening on the podcast feed or watching the
twitch archive then that is all fine and dandy too we appreciate that as well um hey if you
enjoyed what you heard here at orange lawns radio tonight tell a friend or two about the show help
us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice but if the voices aren't
here to chat with us how can we possibly get all the opinions out there we need people who want
to pay for dlc to unlock everything in the game we need more of those types of opinions and the
the other sorts of takes there and if you only have one friend then tell your one friend yes
and or or leave us a nice five star review on a place like itunes or google play or um you know
a nice uh twitch hosting i really can't tell you how far that stuff goes and helping like twitch
hosts and five star reviews on podcast apps are like the number one way to like help this grow
and of course we're buying me a pizza no buying jamie a pizza will do nothing that's just something
she wants but making me happy makes me uh have more incentive to do things anyway although
staying in bed also works all right well uh we're gonna go around and give everybody's final
thought because we're about to wrap up for the week here uh dark soccer will not be joining us
next week as she has her easter commitments in the golden gate park in san francisco and i'm
gonna be old oh too old and happy early birthday and none of that none of that on your birthday
i'm gonna be doing none of anything all right but happy birthday thank you remember when we were
kids and we first met no i'm too old to remember it was the olr my god i was how old was i when
our last started like 24 it's crazy i was still older just not not by much so i think i was still
in my yeah i was in my 20s all right um let's go around to everybody's final thought dark soccer
will start with you have a good week off next week we'll miss you but our what our aim will continue
to improve uh cadbury creme eggs speaking of eggs and this is my final thought deer animal crossing
put more of these fucking eggs where i can find them i need 150 more so i can get the stupid bunny
and get more fucking leaves leaf tickets or points or whatever shit they're called
frodo swagans wants to know what day is your birthday the 19th 19th i will it will officially
be at whatever 2 a.m is central time all right fair enough i was born into central time
uh loki so that would actually be midnight here the day before if you think about it i
think that 4 a.m um central so it'd be 2 a.m here okay it's 4 a.m yeah 2 a.m here
i was also born early in the morning i was a 5 a.m baby i woke up my mama labor because i'm a brat
all right um listen i'll do my final thought my final thought tonight is um i'm gonna try to get
to at least level 20 in borderlands and keep my going my way through the story and probably hit
level 70 on all the healers and palm asi 14 as well that'll probably be my week and then i have
to think about what i want to play after that because i'm not sure yet uh loki your final
thought i'll probably finish the other two toy con things that i have still for labo vr and i'll try
to roll back my uh insane borderland save hacking to it it's a damn game because it crashes whenever
i go to the actual uh perk screen and that's what causes the crash every time for no reason and so
and it's apparently this bug is not necessarily just from what i've been doing it's related to
the phys x and it's also from the original game like the original release and so it's a bug that
they've had in there they patched out and then remastered the bug um so yeah that's what we'll
be doing this week mr smoosh sounds like he's in heat uh he does that all the time he's just
screaming in the other room would you know something like that used to happen for becky
because i would hack her mass effect save file so like she could use like one of the hairstyles
that's programmed into the game but it wasn't available mr smoosh screaming still is like what
what you hacked the cat no and had the cat i like mr smoosh me too i just wish he'd scream
weird funny smooshy face alan keeps saying the only way to shut him up is to get another cat
and you have two cats yelling i know that's exactly my response then we'll have two cats
yelling and knocking everything over when they play me today because i took her outside on her
leash and she was mad all right uh that's it we're out of here for the week we'll see you
in seven days looking i'll be back here in seven days dark soccer will still be playing animal
crossing i'm sure uh let's go oh sorry i can't i can't i'm my old eyes can't see across the room
all right that's it we'll see you next time thanks everybody and happy gaming
uh be nice to people online it's the right thing to do bye you've been listening to orange lounge
radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show
tune into fognetwork.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions
expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
so
