Tonight, May 9th, 2010, Starcraft 2 gets a release date, Nintendo promises to increase
anti-piracy measures on the 3DS, and a sequel to LittleBigPlanet gets confirmed.
Hello, my friends, and welcome to episode number 366 of Orange Lounge Radio, the video
game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host,
the one, the only, Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Mmm.
How are you?
Mmm.
Mmm.
Filled with food, apparently.
I had nummies.
Had nummies.
Have you talked about this on the show, your new diet, a little bit?
A little bit, yeah.
It's not really so much of a diet anymore as a full-on lifestyle change, because I got
sick of getting sick every time I eat, because I can't eat anything without being stuck in
it.
I'm gonna say it.
Everything makes me constipated.
Everything.
You just need more Metamucil.
No.
Or McDonald's.
By the way, that made me throw up.
That is the voice over there, the one and only tech master, Loki.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm fine, but I think I've eaten too much.
It's weird, because you would think, with the quantity of food that I normally consume,
that I would be able to eat more.
But it's actually, lately, I've been unable to eat as much.
Blessing in disguise?
I guess.
Granted, you probably don't know, I eat pretty, not healthy, but healthier than I used to.
I mean, really, during the week, I don't drink soda.
I don't go to fast food.
I have these low-fat salami sandwiches with whole wheat bread and that kind of stuff,
and I eat usually one in the morning, one for lunch, have-
And a sensible dinner.
Sorry.
For a snack later on, have no butter or popcorn that's light and stuff, and then for dinner,
I just gorge on whatever I have at home.
But usually not- On the weekend, you have fun a little bit.
Sometimes, yeah.
I mean, usually within reason, although this weekend, we discovered Smashburger and there
went everything.
So this weekend's been bad, but yeah, so now I'm trying to eat my twists and I'm shoving
the last piece down my throat, because I'm full.
But they're so delicious, I can't let them go to waste.
They're good stuff and they make the whole room smell yummy.
May I say one thing so that I don't leave what I was saying on the word constipated?
Yes, of course.
I know.
Sorry.
Yes.
I'm eating 70 to 80% raw now, like certain things I'll have cooked.
And I finally got to the point where I'm trying to see where I can go out to eat.
So far, Persian food is out if I eat meat.
Not chilies, but Chevy's is kind of okay, but I have to be careful of corn chips.
Corn chips make me sick.
This morning I had eggs and they didn't make me sick.
Hooray.
So now I know what I can eat.
This morning I went to IHOP and I had pancakes with cheesecake spread in the middle.
That just sounds amazing.
P.S.
I'm fat.
Anyhow.
And you might be wondering, why do they always talk about food on Orange Laundry Note?
But you know, these...
Food keeps us alive!
And we talked about Smashburger last week because their logo rips off the GameStop logo
because it's the exact same font and colors.
But instead of selling games, they smash meat and make it delicious.
It actually is a condensed font.
You know what, and it's important because if you think about that stereotypical image
of a gamer, what, you know, fat, lazy, controller, crumbs, you know, pouring off your face and
all that stuff.
What was the weird owl line in your pitiful?
I don't know.
I just think of the Warcraft episode of South Park and that guy.
Eating, what, Cheetos off your chest playing Halo 2?
But how easy is it, though, to sit there and play a game like Halo 2, you know, or whatever
it is you play, and go through like a whole bag of Doritos?
That's not the smartest lifestyle.
That's called idle eating.
Yes.
And I do it when I'm working, like, because I've been working on my homework for my finals.
Because my finals next week, ooh, they're all projects, so that means I have a lot of
crap to do.
But the biggest thing that I always loved is I loved eating blue corn chips.
Like just chomping away because I would feel too, I would get distracted from other stuff
without something for my mouth to do or something.
And now I have pecans and goji berries that I snack on.
Let me give you my piece of dieting advice for the, you know, not that I'm one that really
should be giving out dieting advice.
But here's my tip for those of you that want to defy the gamer stereotype.
And this is one really easy thing you can do that will really cut back on a lot of this.
Well, kind of a two-part thing.
Hey, if you're eating Doritos, Ruffles, Lay's, whatever, see if you can't switch to something
low or fat.
Like, even if it's just the baked version or pretzels are a really, really good substitute
as long as you're not getting the, like, ranch pretzels and all that.
Carrots and hummus?
I don't think, you know, a lot of people are going to go that extreme.
You know, certainly that would be ideal.
Or pita chips and hummus.
Right.
But here's the other tip.
Put it in a bowl before you take it to the living room.
Yeah.
And you're rationing off a certain size and you don't go through a whole bag in one sitting.
I'm not perfect.
I downed a whole bag of fortune cookies over the weekend because they're really good.
And, like, they sell, like, flat fortune cookies.
They're like sugar paper.
Oh my god, they're so good.
With orange flavoring.
So, but you know how it goes, you know, we're not always perfect.
But that would be my tip if you want to be better when you're gaming.
And for anyone who is curious about how eating raw has affected me in other ways, after my
birthday, you know, all that beer and cake that I consumed all week because I had a lot
of beer and cake left over.
I had gone, with my eating less thing, I had gone down three pounds and then I put back
on eight or nine.
And now I'm back to where I was before my birthday.
So that means I've lost, I've lost about eight pounds in a week.
Congratulations.
Hope it can keep going for you.
And I've been eating more, for the record.
I've been eating more.
But more vegetables and stuff.
I've been eating a lot of vegetables and I like bananas now, Rob.
I used to only like banana flavored things.
Now I actually like bananas.
And I'll give everyone a quick recipe.
Bananas are good.
It's a quick one.
All right.
Hurry, kids.
We got to get to games.
Get a food processor, throw in a banana, some two tablespoons of raw cocoa and about a tablespoon
of honey or agave nectar and just blend it all really smooth.
Put it in the fridge.
Take it out two hours later.
Chocolate banana pudding, consistency and everything.
So there you go.
Sometimes, sometimes.
All right.
Let's get into video games because believe it or not, between the food, we do talk about
video games once in a great while on this show.
Let's start off as we always do with a little bit of how is your gaming week?
So Dark Soccer, what kind of games you've been playing this week?
I actually started off playing Final Fantasy II.
Finally, I got around and I like it.
Oh, like the iPhone one?
Yeah, the iPhone one.
The control is pretty interesting and sometimes it doesn't want to actually go where I tell
it to go, but maybe it's because I've got big fat thumbs.
I don't know.
I bet it plays better on a 3GS than it does the 3G too.
I bet because it has a slightly faster processor in those things, right?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
It plays smoothly.
No problem.
See, I have a 3G and I have issues.
You can try mine.
Maybe I will.
Okay.
And then I actually, while we were waiting to get into the stupid restaurant this morning,
because seriously, we were waiting for like an hour, I just finally got bored and beat
Espagluta again on my iPhone and I played some Star Trek Online a little bit and I've
been trying to fix my Sims and I think that I just have way too many mods.
So fuck it.
I'm just not going to play Sims.
And Dark Soccer is trying to sucker me into the world.
I should say back into the world because I did play the beta for a little bit of Star
Trek Online.
She gave me a little 10-day code.
So I don't know.
I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see.
I don't know.
And I've been saving stuff to give you.
Like stuff to add on your ship.
You know I've already addicted to one MMO.
I don't know if I can get addicted to another.
We'll see.
We'll see.
I don't know if it was on the show or not, but there's that, remember they're doing now
like an unlimited trial basically where you can go play the first couple tutorial levels
or whatever and spend as much time as you want doing that.
That's Star Trek?
I thought that was one of the others.
No, it's Star Trek Online.
Oh, okay.
Very cool.
Alright, well if that's it for Dark Soccer's Gaming Week, then Loki, while you're filling
us in on those MMO tips, how was your gaming week?
Didn't play a lot of stuff actually.
It was pretty much just Grand Theft Auto.
Been trying to, basically I have to in order to get where I want to be in the rankings,
which is the top of the list, I have to win 500 games in a row.
Actually probably more like a thousand games in a row.
So I'm working on that.
I'm about five now.
So doing a good job, I'm actually, because with how high I am on the Trueskill leaderboard
right now, if I lose a game, it bumps me down about five to ten ranks, and I have to win
about five games to go up a rank.
So it's really frustrating when I get in, not necessarily lose a game, because losing
basically just by a few bucks would be considered a loss, although if you beat people, like
say if you don't win the game, but you beat like three people, that still counts towards
going up the leaderboards.
Anyways, but I have been playing perfect games though, so much so that it's been pissing
off my coworkers and they actually threatened to pull the ethernet one time.
In fact, they did for a second and plugged it back in.
I got pissed off at them, but hey, I'm pretty high up there.
I'm like rank 70 right now, and 70 out of 60,000 people is pretty damn good, if you
ask me.
And then...
Me, me, me, me, I'm the best.
Me, me, me, I'm the best.
Hey!
I'm just messing.
No, I think it's great.
The leaderboards say so.
I had a leaderboard thing this week too, and I'll get into that in a minute.
And I work really hard for it.
Trust me.
For anybody that plays actually Grand Theft Auto out there on the ranked games, you have
to know how hard it is to get an actual game with people in it.
And then on top of that, getting a game where you finish with everybody still in the game,
because a lot of people rage quit out of all these games.
Especially the games I'm in, because I kick the crap out of them.
I'm surprised you don't get penalized for that stuff.
Do you have big devahissies?
You can.
Basically what you do is you go, if they quit out, and when you're done with the game, or
during the game sometimes I'll do that, you go to their profile and you put, you know,
a review.
You can do that in any game though.
There's no, like, they lose rating points or anything?
No, there's nothing like that.
And you know, that's good in a sense, because our internet at work really sucks, so we get
disconnected from live a lot, and it kind of sucks.
But I mean, the people that...
There's a difference between getting disconnected from live and being a devah.
Like DarkSaga said, there's a lot of devahs on Xbox Live.
There's a lot of Halo devahs out there.
There is a lot of people that are like up in the top ten in the ranked games and stuff,
and they will not play me.
Because I know they're trying to look for these newbie guys to just basically pick on.
I'm playing anybody.
Anybody that hops in the game, I'm gonna play them and I'm gonna kick the crap out of them.
The last game I played, I had 33 kills.
The person below me had three.
So you know, I'm just very intense.
I had 33 kills.
Whatever, okay?
Just, I'm messing.
Yeah, I wish someone would show me up, but no one's coming.
Where's the other 69 players ahead of you?
I don't know.
But see, it's weird though, the true skill rankings, it's just win-losses.
So there's a lot of people on there.
I play like 300-some games.
There's people on there there above me that played like 20 games, but they've just happened
to win the majority of those 20 games, you know?
Yeah, I could create a new profile, win all the games, and then, oh look at that, I'm
at the top of the list, but that's not playing fair.
Anyways, so other than that, I'm actually now working on, we're gonna go back to playing
the modded games again, because it's just too hard to find people to play with.
So I'm looking and doing the research phase of a new modded Grand Theft Auto games.
I'm looking now on map editing and stuff like that, because we gotta have ramps and stuff
going to the moon, you know, basically in this game, just to edge it out a little bit
more than it was last time, but I'm definitely looking forward to doing that, and without
modding the consoles, of course, we're gonna do the disc swap technique with that.
And then I just have a lot of games I'm waiting for, Red Dead Redemption, supposedly coming
out in a few weeks, so look forward to that, but have Alan Wake and Lost Planet 2 to get
to, and a whole bunch of stuff.
Alright, well, if you're done then, my gaming week.
Oh, and I joined the APB beta, so hopefully, the beta requirements are a little bit more
than what the actual game requires.
It says I need more RAM, even though I have Windows XP3 2-bit, and I have 2 gigs of RAM,
and Windows doesn't see really any more than that, I mean I'll get like 2 point something
gigs of RAM, so I just need to get some more RAM, probably gonna upgrade my graphics card
as well, looking forward to that game.
Good times.
My gaming week, honestly, not a whole lot different than last week, a little disappointing
because I had so many games last week and this week, not quite as many, or mostly the
same stuff, I'm still enjoying my new video card with lots of World of Warcraft, of course,
and Dragon Age a little bit here and there too.
Probably the only other newish thing I played was some of the new Game Room releases, although
I guess that's not really new, now is it?
These games from 1981 and so forth, wouldn't really be considered new, but whatever.
It was exciting to at least see some new content for Game Room, especially after my little
rant last week.
I guess I got put in my place a little bit with them finally coming out and having just
the one week delay.
So obviously, they've committed that it's out there, what's coming out for the next
few weeks, so hopefully they're gonna stick to that schedule and prove me wrong a little
bit on some of the things last week, which is good, because there's a lot about Game
Room I do like, again, I think there's a lot of room for improvement and I hope that that
base engine for Game Room will not stay that way forever, I do hope they make some upgrades
to it, meh, we'll see.
So I did play, Pitfall was probably the biggest release this week from the old 2600 days and
that's a game I spent a lot of time with when I was a kid, when I was about five or six,
played through a lot of Pitfall, so I actually sat down and played a full game of Pitfall,
when I say a full game of Pitfall, Pitfall is a timed game, you only have 20 minutes
tops to run through the jungle and collect as much treasure as you can.
So I played for the full 20 minutes without losing all my lives, because you know, some
things you learn when you're five and you never forget, and the thing I learned is how
to get across that alligator pit, when there's no vines, you know, and that's the part of
the game that usually trips people up, but yeah, I was able to get through there and
I pretty much ran consistently for 20 minutes, I go to the left, you know, most people think
you have to play Pitfall to the right, because that's the way your character faces, but you
actually don't, if you want to start the game going backwards, you can, so I actually start
the game going to the left, and kept going until the time ran out, and I had a score
of about 89,000, which isn't bad, because the most you can possibly score in Pitfall
is 110,000, that's if you get all the treasure, I was only 400 points shy of being in the
top 20 on the game room leaderboard, at the time, I think it's gotten a lot harder now,
I think the minimum score is about 100,000 now, but I just need to learn one thing I
didn't know as a kid, was how to navigate the tunnels, I thought the tunnels were stupid,
because trying to get around the scorpions is kind of hard, so I never really learned
how to navigate the tunnels, and my little five, six year old brain didn't understand,
you know, a tunnel skips three regular screens, so I didn't really learn the patterns that
some people I'm sure memorized when they were younger, and that's how they're getting on
the leaderboard now, so maybe I'll go back to that and try to actually play a better
game, we'll see, but other games I checked out this week on Game Room, Super Breakout,
which I think kind of stinks, and you know, I realized it was the first game like it,
but I would much rather see a game like Arknoid or something come to a game room, and plus
the controller, just not the same thing, it's like a trackball, that's what we need, we
need like a trackball on 360, that'd be great for like Crystal Castles, and some of the
other games.
Maybe they'll just have the tall support or some crap like that, and be like, oh look,
instead of being, you know, the control scheme that makes sense by moving your hand around
or something like that, they'll have you like roll a fictional trackball or something.
Tiger Claw in our chat room, by the way, join us in our chat room if you're not already
there, we do tape live every week at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com at 6pm pacific, right
after the Bobby Black Wolf show, but if you are listening to us live, pull up a chair
and join us in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com, and Tiger Claw actually says, I used to play
a whole lot of Pitfall to see how far I could get, and hoping I reach the end, but it never
ends.
It actually will, if you get every piece of treasure, and there are only 255 screens,
or 256, because you know how everything has to be based on powers of two a lot when you're
programming for those old languages, so I think there's 256 screens in the game, but
there's like, I think 32 pieces of treasure, because again, everything's on powers of two,
so I think once you get every piece of treasure, the game ends.
I think the clock just stops and it's over, and you know you basically beat it.
There's no actual ending like there is in Pitfall 2, where, no kill screen, it's not
really a kill screen, it's just Harry jumps over and over again, and that's how you know
you beat it, because he goes jump, jump, jump, because you beat it.
By the way, I hope that game does come out eventually, Pitfall 2 I want to see, H.E.R.O.
I want to see, what other big Activision classics do I want to see, Oink, which is out next
week, I actually just play that game a lot.
One other game I'll quickly talk about, Mega Maniac, is also on Game Room this week, and
that was kind of a funny shooter game, it was a little silly, you could say it's Space
Invaders-esque, but basically objects are falling from the sky, or they float in the
sky, you shoot them, da da da.
It's a little more challenging, I think, in some ways in Space Invaders, because the things,
they're supposed to be based on household objects, like you shoot toasters and hamburgers,
but it's Atari 2600 graphics, so they just all look like things, you're shooting things,
and some of the things in later levels like float down towards the bottom, but they're
in very specific patterns, and you have to, like, some of them will hover right where
your ship could go, so you have to actually kind of memorize the patterns, or you could
go explodey.
Ooh, and Vandy in our chat room says River Raid, that is definitely a classic Activision
game, too.
Lots and lots of good stuff.
Ooh, Salacious Pop asking me in chat if I ever got in on the Civ 3 for sale, I should
put that out as an FYI.
Steam was running a sale, Civilization 3, complete edition, $1.25.
That's a great deal.
What?
Yeah, on Steam, Civ 3, the complete edition, but get this, Civ 4, I think it was like,
and Alan, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it was like $19.95, no, I think it was less
than that, maybe $12.95 for everything, Civ 4, Civ 4, the expansion and colonization was
like less than $20.
It was nice.
One other thing I do want to mention during my gaming week, because I do play a lot of
World of Warcraft, lots of information leaking on Cataclysm this week.
I don't want to go too spoilery, because I know some people are really trying to prevent
hearing all the spoilers.
A lot of what I've seen is very visual, so thankfully this is a radio show and I can't
really spoil the visuals, but I will say I am so glad that the game is getting like a
graphical upgrade.
I think it's great that Blizzard is kind of taking this opportunity to say, let's see,
how could we like retcon a graphical upgrade into the game?
Oh, let's blow up the world as it is and make this whole new world and it'll have all new
graphics.
And some of the screenshots are great, so yeah.
And Bobby in Chat is correcting us, jumping in, $10 for Civ 4, the two expansions and
colonization.
That's a great deal.
That's a great deal.
I've got to get in on that before it's over.
Damn you Steam, nickel and dime me for all these old games.
Yeah, so World of Warcraft Cataclysm, I'm excited about that.
Kind of surprised at how fast information is leaking out, but the friends and family
alpha is going on and unfortunately not everybody's friends and family at Blizzard can apparently
be trusted because once it hits the internet, which the client has apparently, it's done
because that thing's got data mined and there's pictures and models and everything.
So yeah, looking forward to some of the things they have planned for the expansion.
All right, let's get into some housekeeping tonight.
We want to wish a very happy Mother's Day to all the mothers who happen to be listening
and all of your mothers or motherly figure in your life and what have you who happen
to be tuning in.
I don't know if we have a lot of mothers that listen to this show.
We all know mine doesn't listen.
We have one listening now.
Oh, Becky.
Right?
Well, happy Mother's Day, Becky.
And I think Deep Man's wife might listen once in a while.
And I don't know what other mothers, I apologize if I forgot you, but happy Mother's Day to
all of you or just anybody who considers themselves a mother.
All right, let's move on and actually get into some gaming news now.
And speaking of Blizzard, I believe we're starting off tonight with just an avalanche
of Blizzard news, right, Logie?
Yeah, there's a lot of news coming out for.
I heard what you did there.
I totally unintended, too.
Totally unintended.
With StarCraft II, of course, they announced the release date for July 27th, and both the
collector's edition and the regular edition will be coming out at that time.
Of course, this will be the first StarCraft II that's being released.
I believe there's still going to be two more because one for each campaign.
Way to whore it out.
So that's kind of neat.
Some other neat things, though.
Apparently the map editor is very versatile.
In fact, not only can you make custom maps with it, you can make custom games with it,
including some people have used different examples here.
They've made a Tetris-like game.
There was a Mario Kart type of game where you can race different characters around.
And then finally, there was also a SHMUP game made with the editor as well.
So that's pretty awesome that you have so much flexibility with just that editor.
It'd be very interesting to see what kind of mods you'll see for it.
It'd be more interesting to see what Blizzard does to not have this happen.
Although, I don't know, Blizzard also kind of is supporting the mod community because
they kind of realize it's going to happen.
Warcraft especially, you know, I notice there's two kinds of people.
There's Starcraft people and there's Diablo people.
And I'm more of a Diablo person, so I don't follow the Starcraft news as much.
But at least when it comes to World of Warcraft, they're very embracing of the mod community
there.
So maybe they're laughing at this too, I don't know.
It's pretty neat.
I'm not planning on picking up the game, though, because I don't think I was either a Starcraft
or a Warcraft type of person.
Although I did play the original Warcraft, but that was how long ago I played the original
Warcraft.
That would have been about 15 years ago.
The original Warcraft's pretty old.
Yeah.
So, that's it.
Alright.
And I'll have you know, I didn't actually buy Warcraft.
I played the demo in PC Gamer.
That's how old.
Going to our listeners' chats here at chat.orangetonstrategy.com, Tigerclaw says, Sky, you should call your
mother during the show, and also Lumi's follows up, any chance of the OLR crew calling their
moms?
I remember y'all tried a few months ago and it was a lot of fun.
Yeah, you know, I already called my mom this morning and we chatted about that, because
she said I was surprised I wasn't, or she was surprised I wasn't calling her during
the show, and I was like, well, you know, we just, we kind of did that bit a couple
weeks ago.
I called my mom and talked to her while I was waiting to get in the restaurant.
I already did stuff with my mom this week.
But I did tell my mother, just for you all, that I consider my mother to be like the Betty
White of Orange Lounge Radio, so, there you go, and of course all of our moms are really
great.
But so, not today, we're not going to call them today, but maybe in the future, you know,
that whole time, the last time we called mom was related to a chat room comment, I believe.
Some chatter said something and I called my mother as a result of it.
So stay tuned.
You never know what will happen.
Let's see, other comments from our chat room at chat.orangetonstrategy.com, Bochi Kawa
talking about the cataclysm leaks, Sky, remember not all leaks are unintentional.
Blizz only gets more people interested for what they're showing off in cat.
That's true, you know, I'm sure Blizzard to some extent realizes that a lot of the stuff
they put in the Friends and Family Alpha is going to be out there, even though it's all
under NDA.
And they've come out and said, hey, all this stuff is still under NDA, although it hasn't
stopped MMO Champion from running everything.
But I think to some extent, anything they put out there they realize is going to leak.
But there's a lot that isn't in the cataclysm beta right now.
Like not every zone apparently has been overhauled yet.
And I don't think the Goblin and Worgen zones, like we're not hearing a lot of information
about really what's happening there.
So I think there's still a lot to kind of be discovered that isn't in the alpha yet.
Remember it's in the alpha, really, really early testing stage, and not finalized by
any means.
Everything is subject to change.
Anyhow, one thing that also could change in the future, apparently the Wii and Nintendo
in general might be kind of reconsidering their stance on online, because apparently
Nintendo, you know, one place Nintendo fails hardcore is online.
And a lot of that has to do with, you know, the whole friend code thing was a little bit
silly.
And, you know, just that they haven't embraced the online gaming to the extent that Xbox
Live or even, you know, PlayStation Network has.
Well there's some comments that Miyamoto, of course the god of Nintendo in many ways,
brought us Mario and all these folks.
He talked to Edge Magazine and apparently was talking about online business this week.
Miyamoto said the following, quote, probably the other thing that we are desperate to realize
is the core online business structure.
Do we need to demand customers pay monthly fees to enjoy online activities?
Or give an online subscription that is free of charge but then offer something extra for
people to pay so they get some extra value?
With these core business strategies, I think we are less active than we should be.
Apparently it had come up in conversation that Nintendo actually wasn't being very proactive
with their online strategy because, well, they're not.
You know, basically if you look at what Miyamoto is saying in those quotes, I mean in my opinion
he basically says Xbox Live and then PlayStation, right?
Pay monthly fees to enjoy online activities.
That's Xbox Live.
Or give an online subscription that's free but something extra for people to pay.
That's PlayStation Network with their free model but you have like the core magazine
that has all the little frills in it and some of their other.
It's also kind of Xbox Live because you can access it for free.
True.
So, but Miyamoto does say don't forget that there is like a reward program for folks that
get their Wii's online if you help others.
But he did admit Nintendo hasn't been very proactive in developing such online activities
as an MMOG.
Hmm.
Who knows?
I mean, the door is still wide open I think to make a real Animal Crossing online game.
I would say the door is still open to that.
Not a rehashed frickin' original Animal Crossing game with online elements as the DS and Wii
ones were.
You could still make a full-fledged MMO for Animal Crossing.
Also Pokemon I think would lend itself to an MMO very well.
But could we perhaps see something at E3 this year?
I would guess probably not.
They're never going to embrace online, at least not with this console.
I would say probably not with this console either.
I don't think it's going to happen with the Wii but I think it's something you've got
to see in their next console.
They have to.
There's no... because they're basically saying, oh people don't really care about online.
Well, that's not true.
And then you see 11 million subscribers of World of Warcraft and you're like, well maybe...
Or all the people on Facebook and stuff.
That's still online.
I mean, it's not, you know...
That's true.
I'm surprised Nintendo doesn't try to do something with Facebook because a lot of it's the same
audience.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
In fact, wasn't there something...
Ah man, I'm thinking of something.
No, that was...
I think you're thinking of the parody stuff with Mario.
No, no, no, no.
I know there was that but there was something else I was thinking of.
I thought there actually was something with this whole, like, get your friends on the
Wii that somehow tied into Facebook but I could be wrong.
That's fine.
I'm wrong sometimes.
It happens.
So we'll see what happens with Nintendo in the future and their online presence but I
would say don't get your hopes up, at least with this generation.
They're gonna probably hype it up for whatever console is coming next and make it sound like
it's new.
Like, all these things are just new ideas that have never been done before.
We'll see.
Oh, and real quick, since we're on the topic of Nintendo and being that we did sort of
like a sort of secret club a few weeks ago, I have something to tie in with that.
Oh really?
It hasn't quite made it out there yet but we'll be out there soon enough.
I see.
Okay.
I wish I knew I would have brought up the secret club theme music.
No, that's alright.
It's really stupid.
Remember secret club?
I didn't hear it here.
So as you may remember, it was confirmed that today, actually, that the black Wii system
bundle with Wii Sports Resort and Wii Motion Plus and all the Wii Sports that came out
for the same price and, you know, great.
What they didn't mention is, it's always coming out white.
Ah, that's stupid.
Yeah.
I see exactly.
Okay, so that's good to know that the white Wiis aren't like going away or they're not
going to be collector's items or anything.
It's basically going to be, they're just going to do this for, I don't know how long.
Because it is limited.
It says on the box, limited edition.
But that might be just like, buy this, please, you know, so I don't know.
So basically, you will be able to pick when you go to the store if you want to make a
Wii and you'll have a big decision to make and that would be, do you want it black or
white?
Yes.
Do I get the Wii in black or do I get the Wii with the white glass?
Alright, anyway.
But that's the question shoppers everywhere are going to ask themselves.
Black or white?
Alright.
I am a dork.
Dark Sakura, what's up next?
Well, Nintendo has sent out a little plug for something that's supposed to happen for
June 16th, which is right during E3.
The official Nintendo Magazine is going to have a world exclusive in issue 57, which
is something.
But the quote goes, you may want to mark Wednesday 16th, June in your diary will be revealing
world exclusive details on a top secret new game in the next issue of O&M.
How do they know I have a diary?
I think that, given the way that the date's listed and diary, I would suspect that it's
European information.
Anyway.
But, um, maybe it's an excuse to try to get people to go out and buy more official Nintendo
Magazine.
All they have to do is say, Howard and Nestor, back for real, forever.
Howard, how about this?
I mean, it's like, why don't you just wait to see what's at E3, because I can guarantee
whatever's at E3 is going to be there.
It's what's coming out during E3, right?
June 16th?
Well, not everyone gets to go.
That's like the Wednesday of E3.
Yeah, but everybody that we know has internet access.
And if it's the June issue, typically the issues for one month come, for subscribers,
come out a month earlier.
This could be a time thing, though.
I mean, they could still be like the July issue, you know what I mean?
It's going to be timed.
Especially if it's sensitive information that is going to be blown at the E3 press conference.
They're going to make sure they don't leave headquarters until...
It'll be a new Zelda game.
That's all it is.
I mean, come on.
They've already been...
It's going to be the Nintendo money printer.
Hinting that they're going to be doing a new Zelda game.
Yay, new Zelda game.
X-Link in our chat room says, it's Earthbound!
Yay!
Hey, what if it's Kid Icarus?
Jizzed in my pants.
Although, you know, to be fair, I mean, I know, Loki, you're sitting over there going,
it's Zelda.
Big fucking deal.
Remember, one of the best games to come out last year, if not the best game to come out
last year, was A Blind Side by Nintendo at E3 that nobody saw coming.
And that was New Super Mario Brothers Wii.
Remember, there was no news on that before E3.
Wow, that's right.
I never saw them rehashing something that was on another system and re-releasing it
for another system.
You know what though, Loki?
That's so unlike Nintendo.
Your cynicism aside, it really was one of the best games to come out last year, if not
the best.
I mean, last year was not like an A++ game.
Yeah, you know why it sold a lot?
Because people that buy the Wii eat up anything that comes out that's Mario in it.
Have you played it?
It's a good game, and it's very accessible.
It's a platform game.
Woo, okay.
Yeah, it's a Mario game.
But it's very accessible to those that played the old Mario on the Nintendo NES.
It was a great game.
I understand it, that it's a Mario game, and it'll do really well.
Just like Super Mario Galaxy 2 will do really well.
Because it's a Mario game.
Because people buy Mario and Zelda.
And Pokemon.
I mean, if they came out with like, you know, an awesome Metroid game, and yes, I know Metroid
Other M is right around the corner, let me tell you something, Metroid Other M isn't
gonna sell as well as Mario.
If they dressed up Mario in the Samus suit, and had him going, you know, fighting Bowser
and stuff with a blaster, and he can turn into a ball and shoot bombs and stuff like
that, it would sell a billion copies, because people eat up Mario, which is like Apple and
their iPods.
I actually am gonna go out on a limb, and I could be dead wrong.
I don't think Mario Galaxy 2 is gonna sell as great as everyone thinks it is.
No, it's not.
I think there's gonna be this kind of like, just general rejection of the game.
What I think is interesting, and I don't think it's on our show world tonight, but I heard
something about they were releasing Mario Galaxy 2, not in America, but in other countries,
Japan and Europe, with a DVD that basically tells them how to play Mario Galaxy 2, and
how it's not that different from a, you know, the old school Mario, and kind of trying to
make the 3D game more accessible.
Ironic that it's on a DVD, if you think about what system it's coming out on, but that's
besides the point.
You know, that this tutorial video's coming out.
But it doesn't matter that the system doesn't play DVDs, who cares.
Really, they could include the videos on the actual disc, but, so what.
Um, cause if you remember, Mario Galaxy was the first dual-layer DVD game from Nintendo.
And it was a good game, like I'm not bagging on Mario Galaxy, and I'm not trying to say
that Mario Galaxy 2 won't sell well because it's like, you know, a bad game by any means.
No.
I, I don't know, it's just, I think you're gonna really see a difference between how
a game like New Super Mario Brothers Wii and that will be received.
I'm sorry, I'm dealing with the reason I'm saying that, you know, it's just, I don't
have high expectations for Nintendo.
That's, yeah, great, New Super Mario Brothers did well.
You know what, if it was a different Mario Brothers game, it was still done well.
Mario game during the fourth quarter, during holiday season, it's gonna be on everyone's,
you know, shopping list.
Of course it's gonna do well.
That's not a surprise.
But the thing is, Nintendo doesn't really do anything to surprise us.
For example, their latest announcement that was this week.
It was just like, really, really, I mean, there wasn't enough party games on the Wii
that you needed me party or Wii party, I mean, really, Wii party?
Was that necessary?
Where am I gonna get a good party game on the Wii?
I don't know, there's just none out there ever, ever.
If that's what people are gonna buy.
But just like, you know, don't try to pretend Nintendo that you're gonna just come out with
some sort of amazing product that's just gonna blow us all away, because I'll tell you what,
it's just gonna be a port of something or it's gonna be another Mario and Zelda game.
That's all it really is.
And those Mario and Zelda games, I bet you anything the new Zelda game, probably gonna
be exactly like the last Zelda game.
As far as engine goes, just new levels and stuff.
Maybe a few little, Link is gonna turn into a duck this time, I don't know, something
different.
It's just...
Duck Link!
Zelda 2, the adventures of quack.
Or like a Smash, Smash Brothers on DS might be cool, I don't know.
We'll just have to see what they come out with, but I guarantee it's just gonna be,
it's gonna be weird and awkward, just like we relax.
Act Deaf says they'll probably publish President Cat.
That will never happen.
No.
No, President Cat's not gonna happen, sadly.
I wish it would, you all know how I feel about it, but, uh, and there's, there's still my
dream that it'll be the big, maybe that's the big surprise reveal at E3.
President Cat.
No, when is this cat coming on stage?
Holy shit!
I will...
I probably won't get invited to the Nintendo press conference, but that's okay, I've tried
to stay in person.
It doesn't matter, they'll hear you yelling.
They'll hear me yelling from wherever I am.
What the hell?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
You guys really did that?
You really did it?
Oh shit!
Is this real life?
Anyhow, let's move on, Loki.
President Cat'll never happen.
So other stuff, we can talk about Nintendo.
Of course they're gonna wanna step up their anti-piracy measures for the 3DS, seeing as
it's running rampant with the DS and the DSi, even though, oh yeah, we changed some stuff
to the DSi to make it harder to pirate, but yeah, that was defeated within little time
whatsoever.
But apparently, uh, they hate piracy, yes, oh my god, and, um, you know, of course now
that, you know, six years with the system being out, they wanna find ways to, um, stop
the piracy.
It says, uh, we have a strong sense of the crisis about this problem.
Which doesn't really say what they're gonna do.
We're aware of the problem!
Good!
No shit, cause you sued the companies that were doing the chips and stuff, right?
They went after all these people.
So no shit, you're aware of the problem.
How are you gonna make that perfect anti-pirate, I mean, doesn't Sony say this all the time?
We have made our next console unhackable, 48 hours later, lol hack.
I'm gonna tell you right now, unless the system has downloadable firmware updates that they
can do, something like that, um, the fact that these games are on a cartridge, there's
no way that they're gonna be able to stop piracy.
It will get broken, quickly.
Bold statement.
Let's look at the past history now.
Um, really the only system that's been hard to crack is the PS3, but as far as the system
is-
It's just cause Blu-ray has it really, you know, it's somewhat a new technology.
It's not necessarily that, it's just they have good encryption on stuff, but it's just,
look at the Nintendo systems, I mean the DS, the Game Boy Advance, it'll happen.
And especially in the sense, I'm assuming this, you know, this system is gonna have
some of the technology that's in the DS, cause it is gonna be backwards compatible.
So it probably won't be that difficult.
I'm planning on picking one up, cause I think it's gonna be neat.
Alright.
Um, well, let's move on to talk about some of the news, actually, wait, I gotta read
these A-plus comments from chat, cause there was some hilarious stuff, um, going back to
the whole duck Link thing, uh, stand in our chat room, A-plus comment, Link turns into
a donkey, and the next game will be called The Legend of Zelda, Zelda's Tijuana Donkey
Show.
Now that's a game I'd play.
Okay, anyway.
Or Link turns into a wolf, gets captured by Bob Barker and then neutered.
Little Big Planet 2 is going to be coming out, that's right, it's real, it's actually
happening.
If you like leaks and remember the guy a couple weeks ago whose song was confirmed to be in
the game, et cetera, et cetera, well apparently Game Informer has said it is coming and we're
gonna show off more information in our June issue of Game Informer.
So what exactly is going on?
Well some of the little details have leaked.
It is a whole new game, okay, this is coming from the Neo GAF forums, apparently Media
Molecule is making tools that will allow you to do racing games, space invader shooters,
puzzle games, role playing games, and strategy games.
They are just making this engine, it's not just for side-scrollers now.
That's the big difference here.
And the thing I heard I thought was the stuff from Little Big Planet 1 I think you're gonna
be able to bring into Little Big Planet 2.
Apparently a Media Molecule developer made a Command and Conquer clone in the game.
And they also were saying that they were able to, now you can really have good control over
like the cameras and stuff like that, the physics.
You're gonna be able to create and edit short films.
So this is gonna be Mashima Heaven, apparently.
You will be able to record your own sound effects.
I don't even know how that works, but that's what they're promising.
You will be able to move the game's camera around to make your own cutscenes using Sack
Boys.
And, and, and the Sack Bot, a fully customizable programmable enemy unit.
So you can control it yourself.
I almost think this is gonna be too much.
Like you know, part of what-
It is gonna be epic.
Part of what made Little Big Planet so cool was that it was relatively easy to make your
own levels, but there was still, it wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't easy to make a good level.
Let me put it this way.
Let me put it that way.
It's hard with, the problem you run into when you can do that is it's like you don't know
where to begin.
It's just like all these options, you don't know how to kind of focus it.
Whereas if you're limited somewhat, it's a little bit easier, okay, I gotta make a side-scrolling
game.
But people that want to expand beyond that to make like the space shooters and stuff,
you know, they're limited by what they can do.
So this, I think, since you're gonna have full control over the camera and stuff, you're
gonna see a lot of like maybe even top-down games and whatever.
But it's just gonna be nuts.
AlphaKananagram wants to jump in there and try to correct me, saying the PlayStation
Eye has a microphone.
That may- okay, so you'll be able to make your own sound effects, but I mean, what are
you gonna be able to make with a microphone on a camera besides like, you know, fart noises
and, you know, just like random screaming.
It'd be cool if you can import WAV files in MP3s, that'd be awesome.
Make your own background music, hello, although that also opens the door to like rampant piracy.
Like soon, not only will you be able to like listen to Lady Gaga leaks and whatever else
is leaking on the internet, that whole eye leaks thing.
Not only will you be able to do that on YouTube, but you'll be able to like go into Little
Big Planet and like listen to new songs because people will bring MP3s over.
That's great.
So yeah, this sounds pretty awesome.
By the way, there are some other little things trickling out about there, just that it's
just a more robust game that is not just side-scrollers.
And this kind of catches me by surprise because I thought Little Big Planet 2 would just be-
it would be like more side-scrollers, but probably like more you could do with it.
Like the enemy robot thing, like that I would think would have been the sequel, maybe a
couple other little things, but I wasn't expecting this much.
But to hear that you can make role-playing and strategy games, that's really big.
That sounds fun.
That sounds epic.
That's like erasing games, direct competition with themselves almost, is so weird.
But RPG Maker, you used to love that, you used to love the RPG Maker series.
It's just a lot to do though with RPG Maker.
That's the problem, is you don't really- trying to create an RPG or something, it's just a
lot of work with trying to create the storyline and all the different, you know, AI and sequences
and stuff.
It's just- it gets too difficult.
Like I think the most work that I did on an actual RPG or adventure game or something
was actually like in Megazooks, the ZZT sequel.
And the only reason why is because it was pretty much, you know, you can draw your levels,
make your little- place your enemies and stuff, you don't really do a lot of programming,
although I did have some boss characters and stuff like that, like a barrier to kill with
grenades.
But um-
Big Planet 3 ZZT edition.
But I mean, you know, that was awesome.
Seriously though, that's something that they need to bring to like a console or something.
One of these weeks we really need to highlight that as a classic game of the week.
I know that's not really Dark Soccer's alley, but if she's ever gone in a future week we
gotta-
Work on that, uh-
I could do a whole episode about how much I love ZZT.
It was a great game.
Or the create an OLR game in ZZT contest or something like that.
Well actually, Tigerkaw in our chatroom talking about this whole little Big Planet 2 says
somebody can make a level with clips from OLR.
I'm a little scared of what that might bring.
By the way, I thought this was neat too, they're also talking about PlayStation Eye integration
for loading levels using QR codes.
Are those like those barcodes like that are meant for cell phones and stuff?
I think so.
They're able to bring in levels just by holding up a little thing to your camera.
That's a-
You know what, that sounds like the e-reader.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Where they would put full Nintendo games on like five little cards.
Remember that?
That was awesome.
Um, wow, lots of stuff and uh, oh my gosh, just so much.
There's some uh, uh, spoilers of levels that are out there.
I guess I shouldn't give you too many spoilers, but they are talking about a tribute level
to all these old arcade classics.
Awesome.
More information to E3 I'm sure.
Ooh, I wonder if it'll be playable on the show floor.
Excited.
It'll definitely be part of their press conference.
Absolutely.
Didn't they- weren't they supposed to be having two press conferences or was that Microsoft?
That's Microsoft.
It's doing one just about in Natal, I believe.
I don't know if that's like a media night or what that- that's all about.
We'll see.
Dark Sakura, what you got for us?
More stuff Rob, more stuff.
In fact, more Nintendo.
Um, but this is actually specifically about Sin and Punishment, successor of the skies.
Um, the European box art has a reversible cover.
So you can actually put, um, have the Japanese box art on it.
It's not gonna look exactly like the Japanese box art because the big logo is not up at
the top side of it.
It's on the bottom, but it is the, uh, Japanese artwork.
And I was looking at the European box art.
I was- yeah, and it's just- it's not bad, but it's not as really good as the Japanese
one.
I think that it's actually- I mean, it's not bad, but the Japanese art is just really fantastic.
It's a really gorgeous piece of artwork.
So I'd say that's a treat.
I like it when you get fun little reversible things.
You know, also it was cool when we, when, um, Capcom did the Okami and I ordered mine
that I got five months later.
When you can like print your own and put them in there.
Like somebody did one for Wii Sports, it was kind of like fan made.
I would like to see, um, a lot of those Photoshop contests too that do like the retro style
book covers, but out of video games, there's been some very creative ones.
I'd like to just kind of fill up my gaming library with the alternative covers.
I think that'd be cool.
I'm gonna link this image though to the chat room because I think they'd really like to
see it, I hope.
If not too bad, I'm linking it anyway.
Um, going to our chat room, chat.orangelauncherator.com, Stan is asking, wasn't there already a Nintendo
cereal?
I'm sure it was a Mario cereal or a Zelda cereal.
Actually it was both.
And that was in response to a comment Act Deft had said, what's next Nintendo cereal?
It was the Nintendo Breakfast System.
Yeah, the Nintendo Breakfast System.
Um, and it had, uh- Got a little theme song.
Yes, it had both, right?
It's breakfast now.
It had both the, um, Nintendo or Mario and Zelda, right?
Yeah.
And it was split in the center, like those logos for the two game cartridges here.
Hold on.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Here we go.
This is going to take me way back y'all way back y'all before some of you were born.
It's too low.
It's too low.
They probably can't hear that in chat.
Hold on.
Let me try.
Let me try another one here.
This one.
Yeah, it had that little cardboard divider in the middle of the two bags.
Yeah.
Nintendo cereal system.
Yeah.
Nice.
I actually had that when I was a kid.
Uh, my brothers liked that stuff.
I thought it was nasty.
What did it taste like, Rob?
A fruit flavored crunch.
I thought you were going to say a fruit flavored crap.
It was, it tasted like, uh, Froot Loops to me.
I couldn't get over just how awful it smelled, but then again, my favorite cereal when I
was a child was Grape Nuts.
All right, let's move on to release dates and see what's coming out around the world.
Sadly, no new Nintendo cereal, but at least some video games coming out, hopefully.
Yes.
Uh, video games definitely on their way out this week.
I actually some pretty decent stuff.
Um, we've got some big game releases starting off with Lost Planet 2.
Uh, that's going to be making its way out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
Sad, though, I was reading the reviews on it, man.
Just some real, I don't know, just okay reviews, not, you know, kind of gloating over the whole
thing.
Uh, oh.
Yeah, it's not, that's too bad.
Uh, Dance Sensation, Majesco's, I guess, version of Let's Just Dance, except not as good.
That'll be coming its way on the Wii.
Skate 3, coming out on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 this week.
A game I'm probably going to pick up, 3D Game Heroes, coming out on PlayStation 3.
Ooh, you'll have to tell me if that's worth getting.
I'm really, like, curious about that game.
The reviews have been excellent.
Really?
Excellent reviews.
So, I am definitely picking that up.
And that's really a dilemma for me, because that means I'm going to have to update my
firmware on my PS3.
Wait, were you trying to hold off on the whole Linux thing?
Yes, I was.
When do you ever use Linux?
Doesn't matter, it's not Linux that I'm interested in.
Oh, I see.
Uh, the expansion for Age of Conan, Rise of the Godslayer, coming out on PC this week.
Naruto Shippuden, Ultimate Ninja Heroes 3, coming out on PSP.
Batman Arkham Asylum, Game of the Year edition in 3D, coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox
360 this week.
Oh, also, of course, the real overpriced Xbox 360 USB flash drives will be coming out this
week on 8GB and 16GB.
Just seriously, just go buy a third party one.
It's way cheaper.
Okay.
And that's it.
Going to Japan on the Xbox 360.
Remember, last week was a dead week because of the holidays, so we're back in the swing
of things this week.
2010 FIFA World Cup South Africa comes out this week on the 360.
Also a game on the 360 called Metro 2033.
This is coming from THQ.
I have not heard a lot about what this game's all about.
It's a Russian first person shooter game, kind of like a post-apocalyptic type thing.
Ooh, looks like fun.
Is that coming out over here?
It came out last month.
Oh, did it?
It actually came out in March.
Well, it's not usually the type of game I would follow too much.
Same name?
Yeah, Metro 2033.
Oh, I just haven't heard much about this game.
Can't play them all.
That's coming out on the 360 in Japan this week, so I guess it's like a localized version
or what have you.
On the PlayStation 3, also the World Cup South Africa game makes its way to the PlayStation
3.
That's really it on the PS3.
Not a lot this week.
Lost Planet 2 actually doesn't come to Japan until next week.
Also a big, big soccer game next week.
We'll tell you more about that later.
Going up to the Nintendo Wii, also the FIFA World Cup South Africa game.
Other than that, not a whole lot coming out.
PlayStation 2 gets Daisen Ryaku, Daitoua Kobushi, Tora Tora Tora, where Kishu Ni Sekou Seri.
Yes, that is the full name of the game.
Best version.
It's the best hits.
So I think it's probably a price reduction of an existing PS2 game because are any developers
really making that many games anymore?
PlayStation 2?
Yeah.
Very few, but they're still coming.
Basically looks like your Ace Combat clone, so that's what you have on the PlayStation
2.
Lastly, looking at the handhelds and the PSP, you also have the World Cup South Africa game.
Hakioki Yugi Roku comes out as well on the DS and the PS.
I'm sorry, that's just the PSP where that is coming out.
I got my handhelds mixed up.
Hakioki Yugi Roku looks like, I don't know, they don't have a lot of screenshots of the
actual game, but these little chibi anime characters, kind of like in a school, a little
adventure game, so I don't know what the point is there though.
They don't say a lot about it.
So lastly on the DS, Trick DS Han Kakushi Kami no Sumo Kan is supposed to come out this
week.
It's known as Trick and it's from Konami.
So I don't know if this game's about getting tricks or what.
No.
I think it's, looks like kind of like a survival horror, but one of those slower paced adventure
games.
Like if something like Ace Attorney was like a survival horror game.
That's what Trick kind of looks like to me.
I think it's Ghost Trick is what it's coming out over here as.
Ah, okay.
And yes, and the reason why it looks like the Ace Attorney series, it's the same guy
that's doing the artwork for it.
So it's not just points.
Yeah, it is coming out over here as Ghost Trick later on from Capcom.
That's it for Japan, Dark Sakura.
Well, for Europe we have a few things.
On the 11th, we've got Age of Conan, Rise of the God Slayer, Lost Planet 2 for Xbox
360 and PS3.
On the 14th, we have Alan Wake, Naruto Ultimate Ninja Heroes 3, 3D Dot Game Heroes, and Skate
3.
That's about it.
Alright.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys, then we're going to get into the classic game
of the week.
But for now, some more news?
Yes, there was a countdown, well apparently if you got the platinum trophy on God of War
3, it gave you a link to a website run by Ready at Dawn, teasing a new God of War game.
Well, the new God of War game is going to be a PSP exclusive, it's called God of War
Ghosts of Sparta, and it is also being developed by Ready at Dawn, and looks pretty awesome.
No word exactly on when it's going to be coming out, probably something that will show around
at E3, but they were saying that it's going to feature state of the art visuals, and high
quality environments and characters, in addition, the Ghost of Sparta will offer 25% more gameplay
than it's PSP predecessor.
25%?!
That's almost a fourth!
And judging by the screenshots though, it does look pretty good.
And I'd say it's actually really good for a PSP game.
But I remember the God of War game, Chains of Olympus looked pretty awesome on the PSP,
played quite a bit of that one, and I probably have to check this out, I haven't gotten a
PSP game in a long time, I really need to check out a little big planet too on PSP,
I think that might be cool.
So I think they had some new levels in that, I don't know, right.
You sound so speculative.
Well, I have to find my PSP because I have like, I have a few PSPs, I can't remember
if I have one that still has an official firmware on it, I don't think I do.
Salacious Pop in chat says, the first PSP God of War had A++ visuals and gameplay, but
damn was the story milk toast and lame.
I like when people can use the word milk toast in a sentence.
I have not heard that used in a sentence in a very long time.
The last time I actually saw anything with milk toast in it was reading Bloom County.
Anyhow, one more story for you guys, and this is something that Loki was slightly referencing
earlier, it's actually kind of like an internet meme that ended up hitting the blogs.
This is about, I guess a NeoJaf GAF, I would say NeoJaf or NeoGaf, I don't know.
Neo games are fun.
Yeah, whatever.
That forum had a little contest, I guess you could say, a little photoshopping contest
about what would Mario look like if it was released today.
And some of the results are really funny, because you get kind of the achievement unlocked,
you know, hey, you got a one up, five gamer score.
Tutorial levels built in, you know, just kind of like they're doing with the new Mario games.
My favorite absolutely was the one that made it look like a Facebook game, you squashed
a Goomba achievement, and then it says, do you want to post this to your wall?
You just got an achievement in Super Mario Brothers.
So and so just got the Goomba squisher achievement and wants everyone to know.
And I thought that was so on point, I mean, so on point.
I mean, if you think about it, that's already there.
And I'm just as guilty as the next guy, PSP, or sorry, PS3 will post your achievements
to your wall.
Remember when everybody was kind of talking about that feature?
I mean, I'm sure some of you blocked it.
But you know, when I unlock trophies in Super Street Fighter, my wall knows about it.
That freaking Raptor thing.
Yeah, except for those of us that blocked him.
Alan runs that Raptor thing and every day I can see he's playing World of Warcraft.
And so if I know if that thing doesn't publish one day, I should probably make sure he's
okay.
So, all right, anyhow, I kind of need to see some of the concepts of what would happen
if Mario was released today.
Any, any, any ideas on what how it might be different if Mario was released today that
the chat chatters would or folks in studio?
I think we know what Mario would be like if it's released today, because we keep getting
Mario games.
And then, yeah, they have the tutorial levels in there.
And the reason why is because people nowadays don't want to spend the time to read the manual.
That's, granted, I think that's a good idea.
But remember, I know a lot of stuff now is coming out with digital, you know, digitally
and stuff.
So there isn't really necessarily manuals for it, but you think about it, though, if
you just want to jump into a game and play it, then, you know, back then you could do
that and there's no wasting time.
If you don't understand what's going off, or you have difficulty, then you can refer
to the manual.
Yeah, but think about, like, some of the greatest games from the 80s that were all, like, the
coin-op games.
You don't have a manual.
You should be able to just put in a quarter and play.
The button says fire.
That means fire!
Well, also, I mean, there are a lot of times they would have either, like, a little brief
tutorial, and I mean, like, five to ten second tutorial in the beginning.
Some of the Neo Geo games would say, okay, here's what you do, and there'd be instructions
on the cabinet so that, you know, okay, you know, 500 points gives me an extra life.
And you know, if I hit, you know, fire and jump together, I get a special attack.
Or like Street Fighter, too.
When they started making the newer cabinets, they would actually put on there little things
that had all the moves on them.
Yeah.
You can actually do that with some of the Neo Geo games that are out on Xbox Live, like,
I know Fatal Fury Special.
You can actually have the background just show that old little plastic card that has
the moves on it.
Pretty cool.
All right.
Let's get into a segment here on the show we do every week, and it's a lot of fun because
we get to talk about old stuff.
It's a classic game of the week!
Dark Sakura's going to dive into the vault and pull out a classic video game that she
thinks, you know what, you ungrateful little kids out there, you should try a classic game
and know your roots a little better.
Do it!
Where you came from.
Do it!
Delete!
All right, so what game should they be playing this week?
Final Fantasy II.
Ah.
As in...
You mean actual Final Fantasy II.
The actual Final Fantasy II.
All right.
Which I actually own the cartridge of, by the way.
Very nice.
We're going to take a look here at some of the music from Final Fantasy II, if we can.
Let's see.
I actually had the number that I gave you on that was to the battle music.
But anyway.
A little hard to get to the exact right point on YouTube.
Sorry.
Oh.
Well, at any rate, this is the theme, you know.
Yeah, you can skip up.
Anyway.
Final Fantasy II was actually pretty innovative on the, uh, an innovative sequel to the last
Final Fantasy.
Well, to the first one.
It's a, of course, like every Final Fantasy with a fresh number is, it's a different series
of characters, a different world, a different dimension.
So this one is, there's these four people that are killed in an army invasion in Palamicia.
And three of the characters join a rebellion and the other one turns out missing.
So with this one, it actually brought in a lot of stuff that we, you know, take for granted
now in a Final Fantasy game.
Like chocobos and Cid.
There's always a Cid.
Correct.
A lot of people assume that chocobos were in the very first game as well as Cid and
they, those didn't appear till two.
No.
You are right, Rob.
It also got rid of experience point leveling.
And of course the later ones used it.
But it used a system where statistics increased depending on how you use the character or
how you acquire, I guess, you know.
I keep in mind, when I first started playing this game back in the day, I was playing a
ROM in Japanese and I kind of gave up.
I played through a bit more of three than I did of two, but I'm really, I'm really enjoying
it now.
Well, the best way to level is to beat your friends, basically.
Well, anyway, the, it's actually was kind of, well, you know, they were going to do
this one, Rob.
Nintendo actually has, what you're looking at now for our YouTube thing is off the prototype
that Nintendo did.
Oh wow.
So that's where they got the prototype translation.
This one had another really cool thing, as you can see on the video now, Rob, where you
have a memory system where, excuse me, you can, a keyword will pop up and you can ask
to learn the keyword and once you learn the keyword, you can go talk to different people
and if it gives you the opportunity to ask them, you can use a different keyword and
they'll give you new information based on using that keyword.
Like the first one that you get in, you know, right when you joined the rebellion is, I
think it's wild rose and you can go around and you see wild rose to random people and
they're like, I'm really Ivy in this prototype.
I'm really not a senile old man.
I'm a super blacksmith.
That's why I'm hanging out in the blacksmith shop, the blacksmith shop, anyway, he's like,
I don't want them to think I'm anything other than a silly old man, but so your characters
in here, and actually I don't remember that the characters had, do the characters have
names?
The warriors of light have names in the Japanese version cause I don't think they did.
Uh, I believe, I think you could just name them and they had default names kind of like
our words here.
In the U S one, well, there was, you know, fighter, you know, BL mage, you know, or B
major or whatever.
Um, this one, um, the characters, you have Furion or Freoniel in the Japanese version.
And then you've got Maria guy who, when they brought this out on PlayStation, his name
was Gus and Leon in Japanese version, his name was Leonhardt.
And then, um, you spend like a lot of the game looking for Leon, by the way, um, you
can also get other people that hang out with you from time to time in your party, like
Gordon and Joseph and Layla, Minwoo, uh, the PlayStation version was Mindu and, uh, Richard
Highwind.
Yeah.
We noticing themes that come up in later games.
Highwind, you know, Leonhardt sound familiar a little bit, um, again, this is one that
really, really, you know, set a big theme.
And also of course, Furion and Matthias, who was the emperor, um, the bad guy in the game,
uh, they both were in Dissidia, um, as their versus each other character.
And um, but I'm not really going to get too much into the story.
The other thing though about this, another class that this introduced was the Dragoon.
Um, so the Dragoon and the Dark Knight, you could, well, you could sort of get kind of
a Dark Knight, but this was, this had Dark Knights and Dragoons in them, um, a lot more
story driven, a lot more character driven too than the, um, previous versions.
Um, as far as, well, the previous version, I should say, um, now another thing is that
it did have re-releases, and I was really irritated, um, because I was waiting for Final
Fantasy 3 to come out on the Wonderswan color, because I have the remake of the first Final
Fantasy on the Wonderswan color, which was beautiful, it was gorgeous.
And then Final Fantasy 2 came out, and I was like, ah, I didn't play too much of it, I
was waiting for Final Fantasy 3, and then they went right to 4.
Um, but they did, um, a collection re-release for the Playstation in 2002, um, that was based
off the Game Boy Advance re-release of Final Fantasy 1 and 2 Dawn of Souls, and then it
came out on mobiles later, and then, um, the PSP version in 2007, and then the Japanese
Wii Virtual Console got, um, a version last year on June 16th.
Now, um, what I think is super cool, and, you know, this, this makes me really happy,
is that we've, we've had other releases now, Final Fantasy Origins was the first release
outside of Japan, um, but it came out on iPhone, and I have been digging it on iPhone, and
I think part of it for me was not being able to read all that well when I was playing it,
you know, the first time, but now that I'm actually playing it in English, I'm, I'm having
a pretty good time playing it.
The iPhone controls are interesting, but it's, it's, it's really, I think, as good as they
could expect to do those controls, it actually works fairly well.
Um, the way that it sold in 2003, um, well, by March 31st, 2003, with all of its re-releases,
it had 1.28 million copies worldwide, worldwide, and, uh, with 1.08 million of those in Japan.
Um, it was just, it's a really good game, I suggest everyone play it, so.
Oh, also it got a, a novelization, um, that was, uh, put out by Kadokawa Shoutou to Japan.
That came out in 89.
Hmm.
So, very cool.
I like that game.
Final Fantasy II is your classic game of the week, and it's available originally on the
NES, but probably a little more accessible on some of those, uh, redone versions, the
Dark Sakura earlier referenced, most commonly the PSP these days, and the iPhone versions,
so check it out, Final Fantasy II.
All right, uh, we're gonna go ahead and use this opportunity to take a quick break, but
when we come back, we have plenty more of Orange Lounge Radio, uh, we're gonna talk
about some of the fan films that have hit the internet, um, a new Bimani game, and a
new non-Bimani game, but might as well be a Bimani game, uh, and, uh, talk a little
bit about, uh, a game called Baby Maker.
Yes, that's right, Baby Maker.
So we'll be right back with more of Orange Lounge Radio, so stick around.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, this, uh, 366th episode of our show, May 9th,
2010, already in progress, we're here for part B.
More news, fast topics, and all that fun stuff, uh, in a few weeks, here at Orange Lounge
Radio, E3 is gonna be filled with tons and tons and tons of news this year, um, sadly
low-key Dark Sakura not able to attend due to that thing called real life, and, like,
having a real life, like, what's up with that, uh, but me, since I have no life, I am going,
and, um, hoping to bring you some special content from E3, we're not sure if it's gonna
be a daily show or what, uh, but hopefully some good interviews for Orange Lounge Radio,
and, uh, some other good stuff for the future, more info on that as we get a little closer
to the show.
Anyhow, uh, let's get back into some gaming news, we have some fast stuff we like to call
rapid-fire topics, and, uh, Loki's gonna start it off.
I hope.
Yes, I am.
Hey, there you go.
Um, so it's kinda cool, you know, even though the game's not out yet, they're already
talking about download content for Red Dead Redemption, and the first piece of download
content is gonna be coming shortly after its release in June, and it will be getting a
free co-op, um, expansion, which is kinda cool.
They're gonna have, um, some new, I guess, I'm not sure if these are missions, including
Walton's Gold, uh, which is apparently, uh, Walton's Gang has taken control of a mining
camp rich with gold, and you have to fight through the camp to, uh, load your mine cart
as with as much gold as you can carry and get out of there fast, and then they have
the river where you ride a raft down a river, taking out rebel encampments along the way,
and ammunition, which, uh, the Mexican army has, I guess, a town under siege, and you
have to storm the gates under heavy cannon fire, and, um, that sounds kinda cool, and
those are gonna be compatible with, uh, up to two to four players, and it doesn't say
exactly when, um, they'll be coming out in June, but sometime during June.
Also, they're saying that they're gonna be having some more, um, uh, two more additional
download content updates over the summer, and, however, those are unlikely to be free,
and pricing, I guess, will be announced later on, um, and then, of course, in May, we've
got some, uh, more songs becoming available for Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero, um, starting
off with May 6th, the Classic Rock Track Pack 3, which you can get the whole pack for 440
Microsoft points, or $5.49 in regular money, and that includes, uh, Jukebox Hero by Foreigner,
Sweet Home Alabama by Leonard Skynyrd, and Take the Money and Run by the Steve Miller
Band.
Wow.
There really is-
I love that song.
There's a Guitar Hero pack coming out with Foreigner, Skynyrd, and Steve Miller Band.
That's like the county fair pack right there.
Of course-
I was driving home from the bay today, and, you know, you have to kind of drive through
the middle of nowhere to get between San Francisco and SAC, right?
And sure enough, come into Dixon, the Dixon County Fair, Foreigner, high blooded.
And also, of course, the Classic Rock Track Pack was available May 6th, of course it will
not be available for Playstation 3 until May 11th.
Also on May 11th, the Alternative Pop Track Pack coming out, same pricing there.
Included with that would be Face Down by Alpha Rev, Lode by Capra, and You're All I Have by
Snow Patrol.
Those are also available for 160 Microsoft points each, or 200 Wii points, $2 is real
money.
And finally, the Aerosmith Track Pack, which includes Livin' on the Edge, Lovin' an Elevator,
and Ragdoll.
Wait, wait, wait.
Didn't Aerosmith have like a Guitar Hero game already?
They may have with all those tracks in there, but hey, if you don't have those-
Why not buy them all over again?
Why not?
Exactly.
So, uh, it's too bad you can't import the tracks into your next, uh, new version of
the game like Rock Band, otherwise that problem might not be a problem at all.
Side note, they did confirm a Guitar Hero 6 this week.
Wow.
File that under no shit.
I think they've already said that they were doing that, same with the DJ Hero 2.
That's already been confirmed.
Well, whatever.
Anyways, uh, other stuff that's coming out on the Xbox Live Marketplace in May, including,
uh, let's see here, May 17th, the deal of the week will be, uh, Secret of Monkey Island
Special Edition.
You're gonna be able to get that for half off for $5.
Uh, they're also gonna have some Avatar items as well, uh, Lee Chuck pirate hat for, uh,
50 cents, and Avatar cotton swab, yes, the giant cotton swab for, um, I guess a dollar.
Mmkay.
Uh, you know, that's more expensive than an actual cotton swab, by the way.
You paid a whole dollar for that?
No, I wouldn't pay for that, but yeah, that's what they're asking for.
Um, new games on demand are gonna be coming out, um, last week we had Brothers in Arms
Hell's Highway and Prince of Persia, um, this week on the 11th we have Tom Clancy's End
War, uh, May 18th in the Asian region, uh, Command & Conquer 3, and on May 25th Battlefield
2 Modern Combat will be available in Europe, Australia, and New Zealand only.
Well, I was gonna say, when did they start doing, like, new games on demand every week,
but they're not really doing new games on demand every week, it's just that other regions
are getting it.
Okay.
Um, last week we had Xenoclash Ultimate Edition for $15, 1200 microsoft points, and Raystorm
HD also for $15, it's like $15 and new $10, I don't know.
Uh, this week on May 12th, Rocket Knight Adventures will be coming out for $15 or 1200 microsoft
points, and on June 2nd, which technically isn't May, even though this is a May list,
and technically isn't a game I care about, um, Snoopy Flying Ace coming out for $10.
Snoopy!
Guess what, that's $10 more than you should really pay for that.
Will Snoopy be fighting the Red Baron?
Oh, probably, cause that's all he ever does.
Get over it, that was World War II!
Will Woodstock be in there to talk in his little lines?
I always loved Woodstock's speech.
I don't know.
Um, and then the Avatar Marketplace will be getting some Final Fantasy XIII and Gamer
items.
I wonder if those Final Fantasy XIII items were the same ones that you got for registering
the game.
Don't know.
Uh, Army of Two and Kingdom for Kefling items will be available on May 13th as well.
Finally download content, uh, no doubt it's getting the Tragic Kingdom album for Rock
Band, which I think that came out last week.
Yeah, we talked about it last week.
Uh, Lips is getting the Miley Cyrus song pack, oh boy, and, uh, Forza Motorsport 3 getting
the Exotic Car pack, uh, Super Street Fighter IV getting the Super Shuriken pack, and, uh,
Dragon Age Origins getting the Darkspawn Chronicles pack as well.
And also, um, sometime, they didn't say when, Magic the Gathering Duels of the Planeswalker
will be getting the second expansion pack.
You know, speaking of, um, Snoopy and all that stuff, when Loki was reading a lot of
those releases, um, you know, those really exciting releases for the month of May, uh,
this is kind of what I was hearing was, um, a lot of, um, you know, the, uh, uh, teacher
from, uh, Charlie Brown.
He said my name.
Wah wah wah wah wah wah wah.
Wah wah wah wah.
Okay, Ms. Trombone.
Alright, well, hopefully something a little more exciting, no disrespect to Loki, it's
just there's not a lot of exciting stuff on Xbox in May, I'm sorry, it's just, I'm not
hearing anything exciting.
Alright, uh, how about Tron?
Tron, wake up, hello, Tron, you like Tron?
Okay, well, Tron, of course, was based around a game called Space Paranoids, was kind of
like the game in Tron.
Well, guess what, now, um, you can actually play Space Paranoids online.
That's right, it's at spaceparanoidsonline.com, if you wanna actually go play the game, uh,
you can check it out.
Uh, apparently it was already, um, at, like, San Diego Comic Con, but now it's there in
fifteen levels and, you know, you get to blow stuff up, have fun.
Uh, also, uh, some new developments in the Silver Lining, uh, drama that's going on.
You might remember the Silver Lining, um, cause we actually had them on our show a while
ago.
It was a fan project for a King's Quest IX, basically, but, uh, at the end of the day,
they had to take the King's Quest name off of it if they wanted to actually release the
game, and, uh, then when Activision got the rights to the game, they were like, well,
you're not releasing that game, and they were like, but boo hoo, we spent so many years
making it.
Well, here's the deal, um, apparently, uh, I guess it has come full circle that, uh,
it might actually be able to, uh, be released after all.
Um, there's this whole epic piece that was written on the game, uh, that Kotaku ran this
week that kind of traces everything from the beginning towards where things kind of were
at as of April of 2010, which is when Activision really wasn't calling, uh, people, but actually
Kotaku and some of the other folks actually started kind of bugging Activision for them,
and, uh, Activision actually told Kotaku, um, the situation came to our attention a
few months ago, and it seems more and more appropriate all the time that the game is
called The Silver Lining, no matter how many stumbling blocks we run into, whether it's
random bickering about tiny issues or what have you, I'm sorry, this is from one of the
makers, not actual, uh, Activision there, um, there's actually, like, I guess a silver
lining to it all that they may actually be able to release the game after all.
So you can check that out, um, Kotaku ran this story on, um, what was this, uh, May
3rd was the date that they ran it, and kind of this whole little epic piece about it,
and, uh, yeah, Activision, I guess, finally getting in touch with them, realizing they
were being dicks.
Got the big stick out their butt.
Mm-hmm.
Bobby Kotak clearly was not involved.
Uh, also, coming out on the Wii soon, uh, a very exciting game called My Fireplace,
that is if the ESRB is to be believed, there will be a game called My Fireplace, and you'll
be able to actually, you know, have your own fireplace, you can put logs on the fire and
decorate the mantle, and pump air in the fireplace to keep it going.
That better be free.
Sadly, it's, it's probably WiiWare, I would guess it's probably gonna be $10 WiiWare.
Well, people do buy those fireplace DVDs.
And Blu-rays now, and, uh, didn't Xbox have one of those last year?
A fireplace sim?
Mm-hmm.
I think an Xbox fireplace sim is the more appropriate, you know, console for that, being
that it can put out the heat of a fireplace as well.
Ba-dum-bum, uh, yeah, the, uh, Wii, uh, fireplace thing deserves to be in the, uh, fireplace.
My JTAG console, because I do have programs on there that measure the, um, heat off of
it.
The GPO on it runs about 77 degrees Celsius, and, let me put it this way, uh, for like
your, your regular dual core chips, that's like, that's way too hot.
Way too fuckin' hot.
Thankfully, you can use a software, uh, mod in there to upgrade the fans to 12 volt mods,
and it drops temperature down to like 50, but, seriously, 77 degrees Celsius, your Intel
processor chips don't run that hot.
Uh, real quick before we get to Dark Soccer's story, some comments from our chat room, uh,
some of the folks in chat, um, are, uh, DJ Dark Knight says, can't wait for Rocket Knight,
and Act F says Rocket Knight, awesome, so I guess there is at least one, uh, game to
look forward to in May, um, and Toygak, uh, commenting on the Wii fireplace, says, uh,
fucking shitty WiiWare can go choke on a piece of my anatomy.
I'll leave, uh, that to your imagination.
Elbow!
That's right, go choke on an elbow.
Pork chop.
That's right.
Suck my kneecap.
I've just been telling Dan that I'm gonna punch him in the pork chop so that he can
specify in his brain whatever organ he wishes that to be.
It was the liver for a while.
Anyway, um, for Star Trek fans, there is an unofficial demo, I'm sorry, an unofficial
Star Trek game, um, that's got a demo, uh, out, it's, uh, called, uh, Star Trek Adventures
Year One, it's a fan project, it looks kinda, well, not great, but-
A fan project!
Yeah.
Um, it, it looks along the lines of, uh, old school Star Trek games, like maybe from the,
uh, late, mid to late 90s possibly.
Um, you can, uh, go to, uh, the, uh, official homepage for the, uh, uh, project, which is
just StarTrekAdventuresAllInWord.com slash year one.
See if you like it, let us know, I won't play it, I've got Star Trek Online.
And the next story, which is one that Rob gave me the wrong link to and I had to go
find.
Oh, I'm sorry, my bad.
Yeah, you sound so sad.
I'm sorry you had to do work tonight, Jamie, I'm very sorry to inconvenience you.
Hey!
I do work!
It requires pirates!
Argh!
Plundering!
Shooting!
Plundering the booty!
Keelhauling!
Um, it will be on the Wii in the fall and has, um, so it's got some mini games, it's
put up by 2K China, oooh, with streamlined controls for the Wii mode, oooh!
And so the mini games, um, the two new ones would be Bombardment and Lockpicking, oooh,
and you can have character and ship customization options, oooh.
Anyway, um, and last but never least, except in this case, Rock Band!
We will be getting stuff!
Mostly, um, actually all consisting of a Judas Priest British Steel 30th Anniversary Complete
Album Pack, which will be, um, 1200 points, or $14.99 US dollars, including on it Breaking
the Law!
Breaking the Law!
And Rapid Fire, Metal Gods, Grinder, United, Living After Midnight, Midnight, You Don't
Have to be Old to be Wise, The Rage and Stealer, but you know what's all for me?
Breaking the Law!
Breaking the Law!
Or Washing the Dog!
Washing the Dog!
Wow.
You remember that?
Yes.
And I tried very hard to forget.
That was like my favorite episode of Beavis and Butthead, you know, they put the dog in
the dryer, then they put Beavis in the dryer.
My favorite- I threw up on the dog, I threw up on you.
My favorite episode of Beavis and Butthead was with the gym teacher, today we're gonna
talk about the penis!
And then we'll talk about the vagina!
I think I played that clip on OLR a few weeks ago.
Yeah, I love it.
That was my favorite episode of Beavis and Butthead.
You should play that again soon.
You want me to play that again soon?
Play that again now.
Well, it's gonna take me a minute to find it.
Soon.
Soon.
You know what, just randomly later in the show, I'll play that clip from Beavis and
Butthead.
You won't know when, but it will happen.
It'll be during one of my stories, I'm sure.
This'll be mad.
And yeah, this game's gonna come out, and it's probably gonna suck, and today we're
talking about the penis!
What?
What do you think of my Loki impression?
I have the wah-wah-wah.
It was very good.
I think I was pretty small.
A little more anger.
A little more anger.
No, I was going for disinterested yet snarky.
That's me, alright.
Hey, Loki.
Hart.
Hart.
Hart.
Needs more Smashburger.
Twitter topics!
Yay!
Twitter.
Saving the show from being a complete trainwreck.
Hey!
Every week we take your tweets.
Show us your tweets at twitter.com slash o-l-r.
Blue Swim starts us off tonight.
O-l-r, if you could only have one CD or album to listen to forever while killing the undead
after the zombie apocalypse, what would it be?
Oh, one album left ever?
Yes, while killing the undead after the zombie apocalypse.
See for me, that changes it, because that's not asking like my Desert Island CD, but you're
asking what CD am I going to kill all the zombies to after the apocalypse.
That kind of changes my answer a little bit.
I would have to, you know, for me, because all I listen to is custom CDs anyway, I'd
actually, I'd have one of two.
Now, if I was just watching the zombies, it would definitely be the soundtrack to Shaun
of the Dead.
But, if I'm out there killing them, it would be Anthrax's Attack of the Killer Bees.
Just so I can put, bring the noise on repeat, and just wail on zombies with crowbar.
And remember, Rob, double tap.
Mine would be the soundtrack to Lost Highway, which is a completely screwed up movie that
had a great soundtrack that would be great for zombie killing.
Loki, do you have a zombie killing CD?
I don't know, um...
Bochi Kawa says I'd have to do zombie killing to Space Channel 5.
Hey, I put Mexican Flyer in Kage March 1, it's cheey, cheey.
I don't really know.
I don't have any, like, albums that would necessarily be good for zombie killing.
I guess...
I don't know.
No?
No ideas?
Alright, fine.
We can do the Top Gun soundtrack, because that would be funny.
There you go, Top Gun soundtrack, I like that idea.
I'm back to the danger zone, boom!
Take my breath away, bang!
Eat your brains away, bam!
We used to have...
I have to tell you, I have to tell you the funny story about Becky Sun, because it's
sort of related to that.
Okay, please.
Um, I was just playing with Julian and we were talking and I was like, what's in your
head?
I was like, he's like, brains!
Yeah.
I was like, what are your brains like?
Spicy!
I think I'm gonna have to go with Mae Satsuma, Rob Zombie.
Dude!
A Rob Zombie album.
Yeah.
No, no, it would have to be the old school White Zombie album from 93.
Oh god.
You know which one?
More human than human!
More human than human!
Yeah.
Seriously?
That's my White Zombie impression.
Kinda sounds like an angry St. Bernard.
More human than human!
Woof woof woof woof!
Okay, SSG100 Matt says, Blues Brothers theme for when you're driving.
And then Frisbee says, blow my parts away.
You guys are kinda weird in chat, but you know what, actually, I know actually what
music would be perfect.
Would be just absolutely perfect for Loki to be killing too.
I believe he would have to have this old soundtrack and would kill the zombies to this.
That's the sexy party song.
I would play any video game where this is the beat song.
Yaris 2, Pute Rain.
Benny Hill.
Was there ever a Benny Hill video game?
You know what, the weirdness in my brain just went from show theme to show theme to show
theme imagining killing zombies to.
And you know what I finally settled on, Rob?
The facts of life.
You take the good, you take the bad.
Could you imagine it just be skipping along with your Uzi?
Aw, I was trying to play it for you guys.
Stupid YouTube is like too quiet sometimes.
So okay, killing zombies to this.
Here we go.
Oh, this is the stupid pilot episode.
This doesn't work.
Damn it.
How hard is it to find the stupid facts of life theme song?
Christ.
There you go.
Here we go.
That was like later in the series right before it stopped being a girl school.
And they like sized down most of the cast.
Aw, Tootie.
Claire was such a bitch.
Anyway.
I bet Blue Sword had no idea his question would turn into this.
X-Link said I would use the song that Betty White sang last night on SNL.
Let's move to the next topic, Rob.
Yes, please, please.
I could listen to old theme songs all night.
One more.
Frisbee says having a wonderful time by Tiny Tim.
Alright.
And now a couple of chatters are asking, what about the Golden Girls theme?
Alright.
MissingNo64 is asking, we need to go back to Twitter topics, please.
Can we all get in the right state of mind, please?
Let me play the music.
Twitter.
Get you back on a Twitter topic, Moon.
MissingNo wants to know, did you ever put up the PAX East All Games mini show?
I thought I did, but maybe not.
I know it aired on the All Games.
Did I really never put that up?
Maybe I didn't.
Fail.
Oops.
My bad.
We'll have to take care of that.
Let me know.
I don't.
Somebody like Dark Tetsuya or Tiger Claw or somebody that knows this show or Misty would
know if I put that up or not.
So I will.
Maybe I do need to put it up.
I thought I did.
Oops.
ActDeft sends us a link to Obama chat and yes, this has to do with games because apparently
during a grad speech, he actually was kind of dissing video games a little bit.
He apparently was speaking at Hampton University in Virginia and saying, quote, you're coming
of age in a 24-7 media environment that bombards us with all kinds of content and exposes us
to all kinds of arguments, some of which don't always rank all that high on the truth meter.
With iPods and iPads and Xboxes and PlayStations, none of which I know how to work, information
becomes a distraction, a diversion, a form of entertainment rather than a tool of empowerment
rather than the means of emancipation.
All of this is not only putting new pressures on you, it's putting new pressures on our
country and on our democracy.
I don't know.
I mean.
I don't think he was specifically talking about just video games.
I don't take that as a slam.
I'll take that as a turn off the console and go play outside.
Yeah.
I, you know, and there's nothing wrong with a distraction or diversion.
I mean, even President Obama takes vacations to Hawaii, you know, so everybody needs a
diversion every now and then.
But I think he's just saying.
Listen as a person, you want to take vacations.
Imagine the stress.
And Black Wolf in chat is quick to point out that, wait a minute, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait.
Obama has an iPod and a Blackberry.
He did give the Queen of England an iPod, did he not?
So I think one of his speech writers fucked up.
Oops.
What?
What?
What?
That's different.
That's.
I know.
And Black Wolf says he's addicted to his Blackberry.
Well, then again, wasn't it the country, the president, the Prime Minister of Finland,
I believe it was, or one of those area countries.
When the volcanic ash hit Europe, he was stuck in New York running country business from
his iPad.
So that's more of a, that's more of a necessity type of thing.
I mean, even me, I'd be lost without my iPhone now because I run my life by it.
In my big fat opinion, it's not the tool, it's how you use it.
I mean, you can use your iPad to be completely unproductive or you could be pretty productive
with it.
It really just depends on how you use it.
You can use your iPad to play stupid video games all day, or you could use it to write
a novel.
I mean, it's just however you choose to use it.
But I don't know.
I use mine for both.
It's probably more of a speech writer than it is a actual Obama quote, but whatever.
I didn't say it if he doesn't agree with it.
TigerClaw305 linked us to a multitude of stories.
I'm only going to pick a couple of these here.
But I did want to point out one of them that he linked us to were screenshots from Marvel
versus Capcom 3.
And we were actually kind of looking at these before the show and maybe he'll post the link
in chat for you guys to kind of take a peek at.
But most of them involve Wolverine and Ryu in some fashion, although there's some other
characters making a little appearance here.
Definitely has that Street Fighter IV, a little bit of hybrid with Tatsunoko versus Capcom.
What I thought was most interesting was the character bio section, which seems to confirm
some of the characters that will be in the game, including Dante, which I thought was
pretty awesome from Devil May Cry is there, Deadpool, it made Dark Soccer, Squee, of course,
Iron Man.
You got to have that because, you know, smashing box office records, or actually, no, I don't
think it smashed records this weekend, but it did very well.
Felicia Morgan and all the hot chicks from Dark Stalkers, Captain America.
Was that from again?
Felicia and Morgan?
No, no, no, uh, the, uh, scan.
Oh, I don't know, it must be some magazine that's coming out soon, I don't know, he linked
me to a website here that had it, so I'm assuming it's some magazines running these screens
soon, because if you look at some of the screenshots, you can see, like, a little, little, uh, caption
there.
That's, that's some sexy stuff right there.
Uh, looks like it'd be a pretty hot game, so looking forward to that.
I'm assuming Spider-Man's in there since the Daily Bugle.
It's gotta be.
So, big thanks to Tigerclaw for linking us to that, because we were actually peeking
at that before the show tonight.
Only a year away.
Now, I thought this story was definitely worth talking about.
I think some of his others we already touched on, but I wanted to definitely bring this
one up.
There are some, uh, rumors going around this week that Zynga is going to split from Facebook,
and this is actually something I think, I think Alan had brought up with me the other
night.
Um, actually talking about some of the, um, uh, splits that were going on with, um, Zynga,
that apparently, uh, they are making, you know, Mafia Wars, and, uh, some of these other
games, you know, uh, Farmville, of course, they are thinking about splitting from Facebook.
Actually, it might have been SEG that was talking to me about this.
I think it was SEG at dinner the other night.
Um, they are actually wanting to launch their own social gaming network, and, uh, I think
it's because there's tensions between Zynga and Facebook, because, well, Facebook just
implemented these whole token things recently.
They basically want to kind of go with the Apple methodology.
You know what, it had to be SEG, because I think he was making the comparisons to the
Apple thing.
Uh, this whole Apple methodology of, that they want such a big cut of the profits, but
maybe, um, you know, maybe they shouldn't be entitled to that.
I don't know.
So, uh, apparently, um, yep, Zynga's, uh, wanting to split off from Facebook.
However, Facebook is trying to pressure them into a long-term deal, trying to strong-arm
them.
Uh, I guess there was an all-hands meeting at Zynga.
I personally think they would be completely fucking stupid to split off from, um, Facebook,
because if they do, they're just another, like, pogo.com, iWin, or one of those other,
uh, game network websites, and I don't think they're going to stick out.
I mean, yeah, they have FarmVille, but people play FarmVille because it's a Facebook game,
and they can use all those integrations with Facebook.
I think they would just be kind of ridiculous to do that.
They'd be committing suicide.
Um, not that I'd really care if they did do that.
I'm just saying, from a business standpoint, I think it's kind of dumb.
And the Dark Tetsuya wanted to work in a quick plug for his new article, which I think is
worth, uh, plugging.
It's on our website, and they gave it a new title instead of a look back.
Remember how I said that wasn't extreme enough?
It's now called Retro Rear View.
I like that.
Ha ha ha.
I like that.
Retro Rear View.
And, uh, this week is all about, I have never fucking heard of this, the Marty, the FM Towns
Marty.
It was a Japanese computer in 1991 by Fujitsu, and, uh, Dark Tetsuya tells us a whole lot
of information about that at OrangeLawnTradio.com.
Actual content on our website, OMG.
Pretty awesome.
Thanks to all of the folks that contribute at OrangeLawnTradio.com.
Alright, that's it for Twitter Topics tonight.
Twitter.com slash O-L-R, at us, be our friend, yay.
We like friends.
Alright, let's move on to some more gaming news, and then your phone calls in a little
while.
Loki?
Uh, yes, this week there was a lot of different fan films being released out on the internet.
Um, some were good, some were kind of eh.
Um, and I actually watched all of them, so that helps.
So let's start off with, uh, Street Fighter Legacy.
It was the one they were kind of teasing last week, um, with, you know, Ken and Ryu and
pictures of it.
And it's supposed to be, you know, done with, uh, the blessing of Capcom and, uh, being
done by, uh, Owen, Trevor, and, uh, Joey Ansa, uh, with Street Lane Films.
Um, so I watched it.
The positives on it, at least Ken looks like Ken in this one, and Ryu, or Ryu, I guess,
eh.
Alright, I guess.
Um, but he looks, compared, because there were two Street Fighter, um, short films.
Both happened to be in a forest, both with, uh, Ryu and Ken, um, but props to them for
nailing the appearance of Ken.
Um, so that's pretty cool.
Ryu, not so much.
And, uh, the effects in it, eh, they're alright.
Um, the other Street Fighter film-
The fan film.
Pretty good.
Yeah.
Alright.
Better than anything I could do, that's for damn sure.
The one I liked better, though, um, was actually, uh, the Street Fighter Beginnings End.
And for me, I liked the way it was shot better, uh, and the effects were kind of cool.
But Ken looks stupid, because he looks like he just has a wig on, and it was just ridiculous.
But Ryu looked pretty cool, and, um, definitely worth checking out.
Both of those, I think, are on YouTube.
Now, the one that was actually a little bit more impressive, and a lot longer, was actually
the full-length Mega Man short film, which I-
I don't even want to even call it a short film, because it's 90 minutes long, um, it's
actually being shown on Screw Attack, and you may remember there was, like, some teasers
for it before different screenshots and stuff.
Um, having watched it, it is kind of long, and roll really gets on your nerves, because
it's, like, some Japanese chick wearing, like, this really weird, uh, blonde wig.
Um.
Yeah, I watched that last night.
And, and the CG effects are okay, but some of the characters, like Iceman and, uh, Fireman,
stuff like that, they're just dudes in, like, dirt bike gear.
And, you know, that's okay, I guess, because of budget-wise, but, I mean, when you have
full CG, like, Cutsman and Gutsman, you kind of wish that the rest were all CG as well.
And Wily was kind of weird looking.
But overall, it was kind of cool, um, might be fun to check it out, but wish there was
a little bit more polish on it, I guess.
But hell, you know.
But they're fan projects.
Exactly, it's a fan project, and, you know, good job for them.
Um, it's just, you know, some of the stuff just, you know, some of the characters were
kind of like, damn, I wish, you know, this was- because they had some of those, uh, renders
that people were doing for, like, some of the Mega Man 2 characters, and they just looked
awesome.
Um, I just kind of wish they were doing the same thing with these guys.
But, uh, hey, props to them, it was pretty cool.
All right, well, um, let's move on to another game that has something to do a little bit
with Bamani, but it's not really Bamani, it's a new music-based game that's coming out on
the Wii.
Uh, it's In The Mix, featuring Armin van Buren.
You remember this game, you know, we heard little rumblings about this a few months ago,
but then it kind of slipped off the radar.
Well, apparently, it is coming back, um, it was originally going to come out fall of 2009
against DJ Hero, but it was delayed, uh, the game is now set to come out on June 26th in
Europe.
Hey, that's my birthday.
Um, no word about a North American release yet, so I should state this is right now a,
uh, Europe-only game, which makes sense, because unfortunately, this type of music has a much
better following over there than it does here, so, I don't know, I'd be a little worried
if this thing would even come out over here.
Um, there are some new screenshots that are posted with the, uh, of the game.
Apparently, um, there's no note markers.
It seems like you do more of, like, a twist thing, where you kind of, like, maybe go through
these tunnels and maybe point at things.
You would gesture, maybe, to glow.
We really don't know what the hell this game's about.
But we do have song lists!
Woohoo!
Uh, pretty much, as you can imagine, lots and lots of Armin van Buren songs and, uh,
you know, featured tracks.
But what I did think was interesting and worth pointing out, especially for you Bimani fans,
um, you might remember there were some songs in BeatMania 2DX that were pretty popular.
The Sound of Goodbye with Perpetuous Dreamer, that is going to be in this game.
Uh, Fly Away by Vincent D'Amore, also in the game, a Cosmic Gate remix, um, they did the,
uh, Somewhere Over the Rainbow from DDR.
Uh, Flotation by Vincent D'Amore, that's one of my favorite 2DX songs they ever did.
That is going to be in this game.
So that's kind of cool.
Uh, Stringer by Riva, uh, Push is in the game.
I mean, there's just lots and lots of those, uh, trancy bands that you probably hear on
his podcast all in this game.
So, um, yeah, it looks pretty cool.
It's too bad that, um, the game might only come out in Europe, but I guess since we have
some, uh, listeners over there, I guess you get something we don't.
So, I don't want to hear all that bitching about, um, you know, that we get all the games,
because I don't know if we'll ever get that one.
We'll see though.
Anyhow, uh, Dar Sakura.
Oh, yes.
This is actually, and I, I, I was, I'm debating with myself because I want them, but I'm probably
not going to get them.
They are, um, they made little, um, River City Ransom characters, or as the original
was the hot-blooded downtown story, and they're so cute.
Um, they actually were shown at the Treasure Festo show going on in Japan, little, um,
custom kits that are, um, they have, like, the two main guys and then some of the other
guys that you can beat up to, and, um, it's just so cute.
It's put up by, uh, Tomopop.
They're adorable.
And, and, no, it's not River City Ransom, technically.
Like I said, it's hot, um, it's a hot-blooded downtown story, but it's got all kinds of
cute little guys and it's adorable.
I want.
They look cute.
Um, Team Fortress 2 The Engineer is finally getting its update thanks to a teaser trailer
that was released.
Um, no word exactly on what upgrades he's going to be getting, but there's a lot of
kind of stuff that if you read between the lines, um, some of the stuff that you see
in the background in the video that perhaps it's going to be, um, being added, including
they have, like, some sort of Iron Man type of, uh, helmet thing, um, on the workbench,
some sort of, uh, robotic arm and a blueprint.
So, no word exactly on when, um, the update's coming, but it is kind of neat, though, that
they keep adding updates to this game.
Yeah, that game's, like, three years old at this point, isn't it?
Yeah.
It's extremely old.
All right.
Well, a game that's rather new, but about something, oh, very old-fashioned for all
of us, is a game called Baby Maker Extreme.
Yes, there is a trailer out for Baby Maker Extreme.
I guess the game is actually out on, um, Xbox Live Marketplace right now.
Um, it's-
Yeah.
Community games.
80, oh, sorry, yeah, that's what I meant.
Community games.
Indie games, whatever.
80 Microsoft points for this game.
Um, and let me just kind of play the trailer for you guys and describe what's going on
in, uh, Baby Maker Extreme.
No, it's not just sex, okay?
But it is about the joy of, uh, giving birth.
In fact, you push A to experience the miracle of childbirth, and, uh, you know, you would
control your breathing in this game, just like a real mother, and use the L-T-R-T to
breathe as you go back and forth, and that's, like, to build out the power, and then it's
you get ready to push, and you hit B as fast as you can to get ready to push.
You just keep slamming on that B button.
And then, uh, what's next?
Probably screaming for drugs and then a C-section.
No, no, it gets better.
Well, they don't show you what happens next, but I believe-
Featuring avatars.
I believe you push the A button, and the baby goes flying through the air.
No, featuring avatars, but have you seen- did you watch the whole trailer?
That's right, you have your avatars get born out of this woman, and you can give them scuba
gear and shoes and a vest.
And I'm right, they go shooting, it's like one of those, uh, rocket-like launching games,
right?
Like Baby Launcher?
The baby goes flying through the air, right?
Kick the baby!
Amazing.
Don't kick the baby.
Hey, that sounds like it's worth a buck.
I know.
One whole dollar.
That's just awful.
Awfully funny.
Can I have my wife play it?
You should.
Does he- you know, how far along is she now?
She is 25 weeks.
She should be kind of practicing, you know, for the big day.
So she might want to look at that.
Alright.
I don't know if she's concerned about that at all.
Alright.
Well, we are going to get into the mailbag segment here at Orange Lounge Radio.
Um, every week you guys send us your emails.
Emailbag at Orange Lounge Radio dot com and we read some of our favorites here on the
air.
DarkSakura, what's in the emailbag this week?
Some crap.
Delete.
Um, sorry, that was just some spam.
Uh, we have, uh, a few quickies through the website, um, so some of them are not letting
us know who they are.
This one's from NerdE1.
Um, though Sky might appreciate checking out a web show called the- oh, it's- he's asking
about if you watch the Guild.
I've talked about it on this show before.
Yeah, I've seen the Guild.
The Guild is cute.
It's cute.
It is cute.
I- I don't see why they don't have, like, a real TV show like the Guild.
It got a little weird in parts, but, um, it's- it's good enough.
It's funny.
We guys also got a message from a guy, it looks like he's going by Epic Ness.
I wonder if our covers of old NES tunes might be interesting for your radio station.
We remake the music from old games and make them into rock medleys.
We have gotten quite good feedback so far, please visit our MySpace and tell me what
you think about it.
I'll go ahead and plug it.
MySpace?
MySpace dot com slash- I know, who's MySpace?
First off- Epic Ness Band, NES.
I actually listened to some of it, it wasn't that bad.
Usually when we get those spam emails, I'm kinda like, ugh, but, um, that was- you can
tell the guy at least copy pasted from some form and knew what he was doing.
And I listened to it and it wasn't bad, so, uh, plug away.
And this last one is Shook.
Hi, OLR.
Hi.
Sorry I haven't sent an email in a while because my internet's not working.
Anyway, I was listening to an episode from a few weeks ago and noticed you guys talking
about your youngest listener.
I don't know if there's anyone else my age that listens, but I'm 13, I've been listening
since I was 12.
Oh my god.
On to the email.
Is it just me or does it seem like last year's E3 seemed more exciting than this one?
I don't feel excited at all even though I know I should be.
Yours truly, Shook.
By the way, very excellent grammar.
I know.
Except for a few missing commas.
I think this year the only difference between last year and this year would be that this
year we don't really know what's coming.
I mean, we have an idea with some of the stuff that they've talked about already, but I think
that this year they're keeping a lot of it kinda tight to the chest so that, you know,
there's gonna be a lot more surprises, whereas last year's kinda like, yeah, we kinda know
what you're gonna talk about and, you know, there's some things, but, I don't know, personally,
I'm okay with not going to E3 this year because last year was just kinda, eh, this isn't what
it used to be.
I disagree.
I think our emailer couldn't be more wronger, to use a term that our soccer will appreciate.
I think that between actually getting to do some hands-on with Natal to see what it's
really like besides just a concept, getting to get hands-on with Move, Final Fantasy XIV,
Rock Band 3, Portal 2, I think there's a lot of big releases this year that are kind of
exciting, whereas last year there wasn't, I mean, one of the bigger things there was
Halo 3 ODST, which wasn't a game I was really that excited about.
Also, one thing I haven't played is the Halo Reach beta, really at all, which I guess came
out this week.
I kinda don't play Halo anymore, thanks to Halo 3 wasn't that great, so, alright, so,
oh, thank you for that, Dark Soccer, I appreciate that.
Dark Soccer's taking my picture over here while I'm trying to talk.
I was poking your head with a 50 caliber bullet shell.
Nice, thank you.
No, I was gonna say, by the way, our youngest documented listener that I know of has actually
just turned 3.
He doesn't really pay attention to us, he just listens sometimes.
BlackWolf in our chat room wants to point out, it's also still a month away, an E3 booth
list come out about a week or two before.
Who knows, Blizzard could be back this year, we don't know yet, of course Nintendo's got
the 3DS, I'm a little antsy about the 3DS, cause I don't know about how 3D's gonna go,
but again, I'm not gonna knock it till I've tried it, I'm just a little nervous, that's
all.
Alright, so was that it for the emails?
Um, no.
No, alright.
But I did put that picture up on the website.
Grand, thank you.
This is from Robabubba.
I love the way Game Politics presents the story of Dave and Buster's new owners.
There's a link there.
PS, one of them opened up in Roseville this week.
Really, I drove by and I did not see it.
But then I didn't drive that close.
It's in the fountains, you gotta go, you know what?
I knew it was over there.
It's in the fountains, over by, um.
I know what you're talking about.
Yeah, it's in the back.
It's by like California Peach Kitchen and all that stuff in the back.
I was looking too, cause we were over at the Galleria this week and I was like, I wonder
if it's over there, and I'm like, the fountains, where's this?
Cause that's how long it's been since I've been over there, the fountains didn't exist
when I went last.
It's nice, it's a little bit too high class for me, but there's some nice stuff there.
But uh, did you go to Dave and Buster's though?
No, not yet, maybe we'll have to plan that this week, we should plan an OLR night at
Dave and Buster's.
We need to go there.
Fun!
That's awesome.
Yay!
Um, and, okay, so in the middle of the GP article it says, in a press release on its
site, Oak Hill called the deal, um, an investment in partnership with Dave and Buster's current
management team.
Joke.
They soon followed with an email, by the way, you're defired.
All in lead.
End joke.
I believe this marks the beginning of a round of closing of some DMV sites because that's
what the new company always does, isn't it?
It's an Arcadiapocalypse, the Arcadiapocalypse is nigh, Ra-ba-ba.
It's kind of funny because they just opened the one here and now they're already talking
about closing certain Dave and Buster's.
I like that he signs his name now, Ra-ba-ba.
That's how you say it.
It is, if you think about it, it's surprising though that it is in such close proximity
to, um, the Family Funds Center, you know, Golf Land, um, hopefully it makes them...
And John's Incredibly Shitty Pizza is right around the corner.
Well, their arcade's kind of crap, um, but I would say...
They do have an afterburner climax.
Well, good for them, but I'm just saying...
And an indoor rollercoaster.
They do?
Yeah, it's for like little kids, but yeah.
I thought that doesn't really count.
Um, so, it's interesting to see, because, you know, Dave and Buster's has a pretty decent
arcade, granted there's a lot of ticket games.
I'm glad though I'll be able to use my two power cards that I have from like five years
ago.
Which is, uh, very exciting.
Those things don't expire, do they?
I don't think so, but you might have to get it transferred.
Alright.
Darsakha's...
Sorry, Darsakha's taking pictures over here, and she keeps pointing the camera at me, and
I don't know why.
Because I know you'll play along.
Alright.
Uh, yeah, I...
I just...
I can't be here than Loki.
I just, um, I'm putting up a picture of me poking Rob with the nose condom.
Thank you.
The nose tampon, sorry.
The nose pond.
Uh, any other emails tonight?
Or are we...
No!
We're done.
We do have actually one last little email I do want to get to, and it's right here.
So, Beavis and Butthead.
I understand Mr. McVicker has made a little arrangement with you guys.
Yeah, a little probation.
You see, class, Beavis and Butthead here are not allowed to laugh for a whole week.
That's right, and if they do laugh, they'll be expelled, and they'll have to go to Hope
High School, where they'll get their asses kicked on a daily basis by all the other delinquents.
Well, I was real glad to hear that, because this is Sex Education Week.
That's right, Sex Ed Week.
We're gonna be talking about the penis.
We'll be talking about the vagina.
Do you think that's funny, Butthead?
Do you find it amusing that we'll be talking about the testicles?
Yes, we're also gonna be talking about venereal disease, sexual intercourse, and we will definitely
be spending a lot of time talking about masturbation!
Well, now that that's out of the way, let's take roll.
Butt kiss!
Here.
Gaylord!
Ivan!
Oh, we're so mature.
I had to realize, especially after getting that email from the 13-year-old that listens
to the show, a lot of you didn't grow up with Beavis and Butthead, and that kind of makes
me sad for you, because Beavis and Butthead was pretty fucking amazing.
Like it really was.
It really summed up a generation.
It really did.
Like if you want to know what life was like for us, just go watch an old episode of Beavis
and Butthead.
It's pretty summed up.
Like back when MTV would actually play music videos and everything else.
Good stuff.
Alright, let's get into a little bit of angst, because you know, sometimes we get a little
angry here on Orange Lounge Radio, and we have to do this segment.
It's just tradition for 366 weeks now.
The FUs of the Week!
Um, FU to the sudden fifth coughing that I have, and also for my finger for starting
to trigger again, even though I had it operated on last year.
FU to the people that drift in and out of lanes, especially people that try to hit me
with their car.
Also, those people that like to make, you know, left turns by kind of slightly going
to the right portion of their lane or outside of their lane and then making a left turn.
Same goes for people that make the right turns that way as well.
And to this old grandma that we saw today who decided that, you know, the cement in
a parking space is okay to drive over, and it was hilarious to watch that as she figured
out, hey, my car's on the wrong side of the cement barrier.
Hey!
Oops.
Is that it?
That's it.
Alright.
Um, I wanted to say a quick FU to my teeth, because I went to a Mamma Mia sing-a-long
this week, and don't judge me.
It was a lot of fun.
Shut up.
It was great.
They did it all Rocky or Preacher Show style.
But one of the things they did is that one of the songs is Honey Honey, and they actually
had Bitto Honey available as part of Honey Honey, and I actually ate the Bitto Honey
during Honey Honey, and part of my tooth chipped off on the bit of honey, one of my back teeth.
But I had like tons of cavities when I was a kid, and I think like a lot of the fillings
now that I'm like 30 are cracking out, and I think that's exactly what happened.
I think the filling broke off and took the corner of my tooth with it.
So I'm really hoping it doesn't start to hurt, because something else about me, I really
hate going to the dentist.
Like, I really, really hate going to the dentist.
You know it'll help though if it does start to hurt, Rocky.
Just a natural remedy.
Chin!
Well, I'm just, you know, I can't let it, like if it starts to hurt, I'm gonna have
to do something about it.
You can't let it go, because it will never like stop hurting.
So um, yeah, FU to my teeth.
Boo.
FU to fillings we got as kids too.
I never had a filling as a kid.
Well, lucky you.
Then again, I didn't go to the dentist until I was an adult from the time I was in third
grade.
Wow.
Lucky you.
Alright, so that's it for the FUs of the Week.
Let's get into some other stories, and then we'll get into the Skype line at 1-877-GAMO-LR.
There's a new Bomani game that apparently came out back in February, and in Japan of
course, because it's not over here.
And unfortunately, didn't really know much about it.
But it's a new game called Utachi, and it looks like popping music, but kind of like
almost like a light version of popping music with only three buttons, because you use the,
you play it in kind of like the book, book fashion, and you tap the touch screen.
There's three different spots you tap or hold your stylus on.
And it's kind of cool.
Apparently it says the game requires you to perform a certain action when the notes reach
the bottom of the screen, you tap the buttons for red notes, tap and hold them for blue,
and tap and tap and quickly slide for yellow.
The green notes sound a bit tricky, you have to tap once and hit its, tap once it hits
the bottom, and then slide the stylus up and down until the note ends.
So it's like a new rhythm music game, and the characters definitely look like they're
from popping music.
It's no beat and groovy though.
Yeah, it looks like it'll be better than beat and groovy, but I don't know.
And I'm just not excited about these games anymore.
Oh, I agree.
You know what's sad though?
I think I showed you there was like a homebrew DS game that really kind of gave me an idea
of how they could do like a DDR type of game on the DS, and it was pretty awesome.
It involved like kind of making gestures with the stylus, and just really cool the way it
kind of worked.
But it was with like a Para Para type of video or something that they did it with.
Still would be really cool though, to implement.
All right, well, one more story for you guys tonight, and I don't think this guy will be
making a Para Para game, but you never know.
George Romero, you guys know who he is, right?
He did zombie movies, Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, all these awesome
zombie movies.
Actually, George Romero recently talked to the website Destructoid and said, I'd like
to do a game.
I'd like to work with a gamer on it, but everyone who has ever approached me, it's always been
sell us your name and go home.
I don't particularly want to do that.
So yeah, and then of course there's the whole dead rising thing, which was definitely influenced.
I think one of the companies he said he wanted to work with was Capcom, like, they already
did it.
So he actually said, he admitted, I'm not a gamer, so I don't know what excites a gamer.
I don't know.
I think I could come up with a good story.
Zombies!
People like zombies!
That's right.
I'm sure you're not very familiar with the zombie phenomenon, but I'm sure if you do
your research there, George Romero, that you'll be fine.
As long as he makes the right arrangement with the right game company, it'll be fine.
As long as he doesn't, you know, partner up with, you know, the wrong game company, it'll
be great.
All right, so that's it for our scripted stories tonight.
Let's go to the phones at 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is ORANGE LOUNGE
RADIO.
We're going to take your calls.
The last few weeks have been a little dry, so I don't know what's going on, but we'll
see if we actually get some phone calls tonight.
In the meantime, let's see if there's anyone that has last minute stories.
Yeah, the small stuff.
They're doing another Xbox 360 bundle instead of the elites with two free games.
They're also going to have an Xbox 360 arcade system with two free games.
Those free games, of course, are Banjo-Kazooie and Viva Pinata, the first Viva Pinata game.
But hey, two free games is better than none.
Free games are free.
All right, let's go to the phones.
We have a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's a one-and-only run, how's everybody doing tonight?
Not bad.
How are you?
I'm pretty good.
I just came back from a job interview, but that's not the reason why I called.
Well, good luck with that.
Hope it works out.
What is the reason you called tonight?
Well, before I get into it, to reiterate what was said in the chat room earlier, I'm surprised
you wouldn't go around Zombie Killing to the theme of the Golden Girls extended remix.
You know, I have to think, if push came to shove, the thing is about the Golden Girls,
there was really only that one song, and that's not enough to really fill up a whole CD.
But maybe if we could somehow get that song on the soundtrack to Lost Highway, then we'd
be good.
Or maybe audio clips from the show?
I don't know if I'd want to hear that.
Does that make sense?
You know we're just busting your balls because we love you, right?
No, I know, I know.
You guys are weird.
All right, no.
You know, I guess I could always fill up the CD with other types of versions of the Golden
Girls theme song, like that 8-bit version we had earlier, but you know.
That'll work.
Or the one that was on the Betty White thing last night.
Good times.
All right, so what's the real reason you called in tonight?
I actually sat down and watched the Mega Man fan film on Friday night.
Not, yeah, Friday night.
I liked it.
I was expecting something really half-assed rushed project, but it turned out to be much
better than I thought it would be.
Without spoiling it too bad, what in a nutshell happens in this movie?
It's sort of like a retelling of the first game with Elements of the Third.
Interesting.
Elements of the Third, meaning like rushes in it?
No.
I guess you could say Rock's big brother.
Okay.
Okay, I gotcha.
Interesting.
I'm surprised Capcom isn't trying to shut this shit down.
Did Capcom kind of endorse this, or are they just hoping?
I actually have no idea, but I don't think they would shut it down, because I don't know
if you remember a few years back at, I think it was Dragon Con or some convention in the
South.
It might have been SEC, I don't know, but reps from Capcom was there to watch a, I think
it was a Devil May Cry fan film or something like that.
Oh, so this has kind of been done before.
And I guess the other movies talked about tonight, you know, Street Fighter movie, Capcom
is apparently just these grounds for making fan movies.
I saw Legacy.
I thought that was great, but I didn't see the other one though.
Well I guess maybe I'll have to check out the movie too.
I don't know.
I'm not a big fan of that particular website that made it, but I guess I can try and just
sit down and watch it.
They didn't make it.
They're hosting it.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, they're hosting it.
Well then that's different.
And their official soundtrack to the fan film is also available.
Is the soundtrack not clips from the game, or is it arranged stuff from the game, or
is it all original stuff?
All original.
I guess one guy did original recordings for the whole movie, but there's a couple of tracks
he did do remixes of, but it's more, but it's like dark themed.
Sort of like, it kind of reminds me of the music from Lord of the Rings in a way.
Interesting.
Like Enya?
Something like that.
The fan film itself isn't like comedy chop-socky.
It's more like drama, it's more of a drama darkish theme.
Plus the fact that Desient, Wily, and Light are much younger than they're supposed to
be.
Tigerclaw in chat says, Capcom did endorse the Street Fighter legacy, chat.orangelandtrader.com.
So yeah.
See, that I didn't know about.
Capcom's pretty good with their fan base, though.
They got a blog that reaches out to fans, and they try not to be jerks about stuff.
But at the same time, when Nintendo pulled that Zelda film, I didn't really think they
were being jerks.
I mean, they have a right to protect their IP.
So if Capcom wanted to be jerks, they have a right.
You know what?
If Nintendo's going to pull that fan film, at least let us know about the supposed Metroid
film that's supposed to be coming out.
We've been hearing about it for the last two, three years.
Oh yeah.
Good luck with that.
No, ain't happening.
Ain't happening.
Yeah, I know.
Which is too bad, because if it did happen, maybe they'd sell more copies of the game.
Mm-hmm.
Alright.
And SJ100Matt wants to point out that the Megas did the closing music.
So there is at least still some other Mega Man community tie-ins, so.
Oh yeah, definitely.
Alright, well, Rama, we're going to let you go.
Do you have any other final thoughts before we let you go?
If you like Street Fighter stuff, check out Street Fighter High.
That's all I gotta say.
Alright, will do.
Dan was watching that the other day.
It's amusing.
Yes, it is.
Alright, we'll see you soon, Rama.
You still coming out here, like in July?
Um, we gotta talk about that, yeah.
Mm, okay.
Sounds good.
Alright, alright.
Take care.
Mm-hmm.
Alright.
877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype, is OrangeLoungeRadio.
While we wait for other calls, do we have any other last minute stories that came up?
Not particularly, I don't think.
Bejeweled 2 coming in the WiiWare.
Woo!
Yay for that.
Alright, we got another call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Uh, one and only Legend of Zaku.
Legend of Zaku.
What's up?
What's on your mind?
Uh, nothing much.
Just recovering from, like, Mother's Day gorging of food.
I see.
Well, at least it's not a Mother's Day hangover, because, you know, I've definitely had those
types of Mother's Days, too.
Uh, so, uh, what, uh, what's on your mind?
To what do we owe the phone call?
Um, I guess the way I've been seeing it right now, is it just me or is Activision trying
to defend, just, just in general, ass rape?
In other words, when they try to sell the stimulus pack for Modern Warfare 2, their
exec has the gall to say it's the best deal.
It's the best value for your, for the amount you're paying.
Which we all know, and let's be honest here, it's a crock of shit.
I think Activision, in general, is kinda having to band-aid a lot lately, like, you know,
we had the news about the silver lining this week, you know, and certainly they've been
getting a lot of bad news back to back to back.
But then, you know, of course they also had some good news with the whole Bungie deal
for the next, you know, ten years, the publishing of that, whatever series that is, it'll probably
be at E3, which by the way, going back to the earlier email, another reason that E3
is going to be interesting this year, um, you know, I think they definitely have some,
some damage control to be doing, so of course you're going to see comments like that.
The problem with, you know, like, the way I see it is that, you know, they have to,
they can't just do what they did to Infinity Ward with Bungie, but then again,
Hold, hold, hold, I'm going to stop you right there.
They don't own Bungie.
It's a big difference, but you'd be surprised at how, you know, the actual details of the
deal itself, like, you know, the, you know, the details that are pretty much confidential.
I mean, in other words, what I'm trying to say is that the point is that perhaps Activision
is going to be inclined to pull their strings as much as possible, not to actually own them,
not to make their life that miserable, in terms of just, like, being demanding and overworking
them if they were signed up for that type of deal.
I have a feeling this agreement is probably going to favor Bungie a little more, because
Activision is not directly paying for it.
As long as they actually negotiated with, you know, as long as Bungie managed to negotiate
that contract, you know, with terms that they would agree with.
I'm sure, you know what, I'm sure Bungie got the better end of the deal, because once the
Microsoft news came down, I'm sure everybody was banging down Bungie's door, and I will,
I would bet money, I would bet actual money EA was in talks with them, too.
I would bet money.
I'm pretty sure they were, but I'm just, you know, as I'm saying, I just want to be sure
that we just have to keep in mind that as long as Bungie doesn't get screwed over by
Activision in terms of, like, you know, in terms of actually having to deliver on very
tight deadlines, the way Infinity Ward was, was put, you know, that much undue pressure.
Remember though, Zach O'Bungee has survived a divorce with Microsoft.
That's pretty big.
I understand that, but there's this activation we're talking about.
Yeah, well, I'm-
These guys have, you know, these guys have publicly stated that they, that they're helping
on just, like, maximizing profit.
Let me, let me take this kind of a different direction a little bit here, because, you
know, we could kind of, you know, talk about this without really knowing the details of
it for a very long time, but come E3, hold on, come E3, we're actually going to see what
this game is, and, you know, what the big mystery project is.
At least that's the assumption, and, and, God, I hope it is the case.
We'll actually get to see what this mystery game is.
The curtain will be revealed.
Do you think people are going to remember all this once the game can speak for itself
as opposed to being just an idea?
Right.
I mean, in the end, at the end of the day, it doesn't matter that Activision and Bungie
are, are basically, you know, are in a 10-year deal.
The important thing is that the game will be the face of everything.
It'll be the face, and that will be the front, the things that, you know, that your average
Joe gamer will see, you know, when, when talking about that particular game.
He would see whatever character is tied to that game and nothing else.
I bet most people don't really follow this stuff either.
Like how many people go, oh, I've got to go see this movie because 20th Century Fox is
doing it.
And like, you know, 20th Century Fox, I just love that little theme they play before all
the movies.
Right.
You know, most people don't really give a hoot at the end of the day.
Exactly.
So.
Exactly.
This is where the franchises sell themselves to the point where the people made them, you
know, it doesn't matter.
It's irrelevant to them.
It's the same thing with Call of Duty right now.
But I should say this.
They don't care that Treyarch or Infinity Ward made it, it's just another Call of Duty
game to appease Joe gamer.
I should say this though.
There are definitely people that will follow, if I'm going to continue this analogy, follow
their favorite directors.
Like you know, oh, Kevin Smith has a new film out there, I've got to go see that.
Those are niches.
You have to realize.
You have one aspect of really, you know, devoted fan base for that one particular person, but
then you have another one that's just so passive that takes, you know, every, it doesn't really
take that into account.
So it's just, to them it's just another movie that they're seeing.
And in this case, it's just another first person shooter that this, you know, average
Joe gamer is playing.
Alright.
Well, Zaku, we've got to wrap up so we can get some more calls, but thank you so much
for your call and I'm sure we'll check in with you again after E3 when the curtain is
revealed.
Right.
Alright.
Take care, Zaku.
Alright, have a good one.
877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio if you want to give us a call.
I did see some other calls coming through, so it looks like our audience wants to chat
tonight.
That's good.
Good change in the past couple weeks.
Loki, any other last minute stories?
I don't know if I cut you off on what you were doing there.
Just a few things, um, apparently Square Enix is trying to prohibit people from making pictures
and videos of their games, I guess, before they come out or something, I don't really
know.
I didn't realize that was a big problem.
But I know they've been really kind of anal about people taking pictures and stuff during
like E3.
Oh yeah, they do that all the time.
Let's get, the phone's ringing off the hook, I gotta get one of these calls.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
Hello, X-Link.
What's on your mind, buddy?
Hey, I was reading over some news and I was glad to see that Sega had detailed the DRM
for Alpha Protocol and that I don't have to have an internet connection 24-7 in order
to play it when I do play it.
Well that's because it's Sega, not Ubisoft, but that's good.
Thank God, thank somebody for being DRM-friendly about it, so.
And then the fact that after about two years after the game comes out that they're gonna
put a patch where it's, you know, there'll be no other requirements, so.
But it's good to know that somebody's at least looking at the consumer and saying, we don't
want to go down these same footsteps as some of these other companies have been.
So it's good to see that somebody's at least trying to appease the PC customer.
Hmm.
Well that's good.
And I don't usually think of Sega as a big PC publisher, but I guess, you know, they
certainly have some of their stuff there, so.
That's pretty cool.
But even so, I'm glad somebody's taking the right steps towards it, so.
What else is on your mind this week, buddy?
Nothing much.
Just, I was working on my finals and stuff and of course playing WoW just like you, so.
How is Warcraft going?
Have you been reading the Cataclysm spoilers at all?
No, I have not, actually.
Well, it's kind of hard not to.
I take that back.
It's kind of hard not to read anything with it, but at the same time, too, I try not to
read too much because I like the whole aspect of surprise and see what's gonna happen.
And, it's like I was telling other people in the guild and stuff, I'm looking forward
to seeing how these events actually unfold and how the event's gonna play out.
And hopefully they might have some kind of timely, worldly events where this all is gonna
come and unfold at one step at a time.
So it'd be kind of neat to see how it happens, so.
Yeah, they did some fun events when Lich King came out, so I'm sure they'll do some fun
stuff here, too.
So that'll be cool.
But.
Yes.
Oh, gosh.
There's something else I was gonna ask you.
You're trying to still do your Loremaster achievement, right?
You may not have a lot of time left.
Correct.
You gotta get cracking on that.
Correct.
Well, yes, definitely.
And I will definitely be doing that.
I just, like, a lot of my schoolwork had come up, unfortunately, where it had stopped me
and slowed down my process, which, of course, you guys can tell.
But then again, I started speeding up again as well, so.
Yeah, you finally decided, hey, maybe I should actually go to the new content.
I'll level a lot faster.
And then when you hit 80, it makes the old content super easy because you can start running
Dungeons by yourself.
It's great.
Yeah, precisely.
And I have a few surprises in store this next coming week, too, for some of us, so.
But I will talk about that later, so.
Alright.
But I got kind of a few interesting things, which was kind of cool, so.
Alright.
Well, we're gonna let you go, buddy, so we can get some more calls.
But I'll see you in a while, I'm sure.
No problem.
Thank you.
Huh?
Later.
Bye-bye.
877-GAMOLR, username on Skype, Orange Launch Radio.
Why not?
We'll do a couple more calls.
Maybe at least one more call since, you know, we were really thin on calls the past couple
of weeks.
I mean, our phone's been ringing tonight.
I guess folks have things to say.
Which is strange because this was not quite as busy of a news week as weeks past.
And I expect the next few shows leading up to mid-June are going to be a little bit of
the same thing because, you know, most companies are gonna try and keep it in their pants until
E3.
But you'll have little tidbits here and there just like, you know, you've got going with
A Little Big Planet 2 and everything.
But let's get you another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Do this, act deft.
Hey, act deft.
What's on your mind?
Not much.
I just want to talk about the Humble Indie Bundle.
What is this?
What?
The Humble Indie Bundle.
What is Humble Indie Bundle?
It's actually a six game pack you can download just by donating anything you want.
Oh!
Any amount of cash.
Didn't this come up on last week?
No, maybe I just read a story on it.
Or was it maybe a last minute story last week?
I don't remember.
I now know what you're talking about.
One of the games that's in there, is DeBlob one of them?
No, it's actually World of Goo.
World of Goo.
That's it.
I didn't get them confused.
They're both blobby slime games.
Alright, so there it is.
Okay, yes.
I did read about this, but go ahead.
It's World of Goo, Aquaria, Gish, Lugaru, and HD, and Pranumbra, Overture.
And also, they added a six game that is Samorost 2.
Did you actually pick this up and download it?
Yes, I actually did.
And what did you pay for it?
Even though Bobby may think I parried it, but no, I did pay for it.
You get to name your own price for this, right?
Yeah, that's the cool thing about it, that you can put your own price on it.
You can put just a cent, but if you don't want to look that cheap, you can donate a
dollar or six dollars, five dollars, ten dollars, or even, there's a donation here on the site
that says $1,000, so if you have a lot of cash to spend or donate, you can donate whatever
you want.
Very generous.
You know, Orange Launch Radio would happily take $1,000.
Actually, I won't drill you on how much you actually pay, but I do want to know, were
you able to pay in pesos, because you're from Mexico, or did you have to actually pay like
a conversion fee to translate to dollars?
Well, yeah, it's a conversion fee.
You can pay via PayPal, imasan.com checkout, or Google checkout also, if you got an account
of those sites.
I gotcha.
And plus, you live relatively close to the border of the US, so I don't know, do you
maybe have some bank accounts that deal in dollars?
I actually have international credit cards, so I just use them.
Usually people in border towns, you know, no matter where you are, have some type of
paths to kind of go between, so, alright, well, very cool.
So which, I'll quickly ask you this, which game was your favorite out of the bunch?
Well, I haven't tried any of them, because I got it today, though I have played World
of Goo, and that's a pretty good game.
Alright, well then you're gonna have to call us back, let us know.
I would recommend downloading this just for that game.
So you're donating money just based on that game, and like everything else, it's just
a bonus?
Probably.
That's fair enough.
Fair enough.
I can go with that.
Alright, well, Act Def, thank you for the heads up.
We always like cheap games, or expensive games, whatever you think they're worth.
I think I read somewhere the average amount that people were paying were like $10 for
all the games, so, you know, for six games, it's not a lot of money, but at the same time,
it's an average of everything, and I guess, you know, some people just simply can't afford
more.
So, hopefully people are paying what they really truly believe it's worth.
Yeah, the average contribution here is $8.36, though they have raised over $600,000.
Well, I guess in the end, that's what really counts, is the amount they've raised as a
whole.
Alright, well, Act Def, we're going to let you go, but thank you so much for your call.
Thank you.
Have fun with the games.
Alright, I like that heads up.
See, I like that, because it was a good heads up, and it was like a sale on games, although
I don't know if you really call that a sale or what.
There's been other games that have kind of done that lately.
877 Game O-L-R, username on Skype is OrangeLaungeo, we've got time to do at least one more call.
There's been a lot of kind of game things that have been doing this lately, like that
game, Alan and I were playing on Steam one day, and it's like you draw these crayon lines
with the mouse, and I can't remember the name of it, but that had a sale for a little while.
Crayon Physics?
Was that at Crayon Physics?
Yeah, I think it was.
You could pay whatever you want for that game, and there's been a few games that have done
that lately.
Didn't World of Goo just alone do that for a little while?
I think it did.
Could be wrong, though.
One day and 16 hours left, by the way, ActDeft is clarifying in chat, wolfire.com, W-O-L-F-I-R-E.com
slash humble.
Let's get to at least one more call here on OrangeLaungeo tonight before we say goodnight.
Hi, you're on OrangeLaungeo.
Who's this?
This is Amiga Triple Seven.
Amiga Triple Seven.
What's on your mind?
Well, first off, I'd like to give a Happy Mother's Day shout out to Dark Sakura.
Well, you're a mother to Shermy.
I am.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
I have my cat.
I don't have actual children, but thank you.
Yeah.
And anyway, I was wondering, have you all heard about Angry Birds?
Like actual Angry Birds?
Wait a minute.
Is this a movie?
No.
Okay, never mind.
Then I'm thinking of something else.
No, I'm thinking of-
That's what you're thinking.
I'm thinking of Birdemic or whatever.
Why?
What is-
There's a new one with slugs now.
I'm thinking of something.
I'm thinking of like a sci-fi movie or something.
Sorry about that.
Like the birds.
You're probably like Alfred Hitchcock's supposed to know.
Yes.
That's what I'm thinking of.
Okay.
What is Angry Birds, sir?
Angry Birds is typically a game that no iPhone slash iPod touch user should be without today.
It's a game.
I gotta ask, is this your game?
No, I didn't make it.
All right, all right.
Then plug away.
Okay.
So basically, the story is you got these evil greenish pigs or whatever that stole the birds'
eggs and whatnot, and they're probably just doing God knows what with them.
And so what you have to do is unleash your vengeance with your birds by basically flinging
them, like across this little map, and destroying and eliminating all the pigs in the game.
Actually, I gotta tell you, real quick, Amigas77, I don't mean to cut you off, but we actually
just got delivered an exclusive commercial for the game.
You want to hear it?
Oh, yeah, sure.
Yeah, here it is, exclusive commercial for the game.
Right.
Brian, could I see that paper for a sec?
Huh.
That's odd.
I thought that would be big news.
You thought what would be big news?
Well, there seems to be an absence of a certain ornithological piece,
a headline regarding mass awareness of a certain avian variety.
What are you talking about?
Oh, have you not heard?
It was my understanding that everyone had heard.
Heard what?
Brian, don't!
A well-a-bird-bird-bird, a bird-a-well-a-bird-bird-bird.
Greatest episode ever.
A well-a-bird-bird-bird-bird, a bird-a-well-a-bird-bird-bird.
A bird's a word of Brian, don't you know about the bird?
Well, Peter's gonna tell you about the bird-a-well-a-bird-bird,
the bird's a word-a-well-a-bird-surfing bird.
Oh my god, Peter, are you all right?
This just in, Angry Birds just sold 10,000 copies right there.
Seriously?
No, I'm just fucking with you, come on.
This is Orange Lounge Radio, for heaven's sakes.
We love random tangents.
Sorry, I couldn't resist, I'm sorry.
Oh, that was awesome.
No, it's all good.
But seriously, it is selling a lot,
and the company claims it's in more countries than they can count.
It's become a big deal.
So, how much is this game going to sit you back?
Oh, it's just 99 cents.
Oh, well that's not bad at all.
Like, some people are saying it's so good, they think it's underpriced.
Well, now, I don't want them to go the route of that one guy
who, like, kept increasing the price of his game.
Like, what was that one game that went up to like $10,000 on the store
before Apple was like, what the fuck are you doing?
I don't know, he's a douchebag.
Get out, douchebag.
It was a social experiment.
Well, actually, you know what, though?
So what, he raised the price of his game.
People were dumb enough to buy it.
So, props to him for figuring out a way to make money.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, Amiga777, hopefully some folks will check out Angry Bird this week
and realize that the bird is indeed the word.
B-b-b-bird.
I need to get down.
Are you sure you didn't, are you sure you don't, like,
know the people that programmed it?
Or, you know, getting the cut for the profits?
Um, the name of the company?
No, do you know the people that made it?
Um, ClickGamer and Ravio.
Oh, OK.
You don't know them personally, though?
You don't have, like, their phone number?
No, I don't know the people.
All right.
Well, we're going to let you go so we can wrap up the show.
But thanks for the plug.
I'm sure the developers of the game really appreciate you right now.
Yeah.
And we appreciate you, too.
Take care, buddy.
Take care.
Take care.
All right.
That's going to do it for the Skypline tonight.
It's kind of funny because we don't really run commercials on this show.
But yet we do.
It's always somebody's podcast or game.
No, it's all good.
You know what?
We want to know what people are playing.
And I'm all for supporting indie developers.
It's all good.
All right.
That's it.
We're about ready to wrap up shop and be done here with the show tonight and be all over.
I don't know if you had any other last minute stories you want to get to before I close the show.
Not really a story at all.
But I think I mentioned on my Twitter, I got picked.
Not that I'm actually going to use the service.
I got picked to be a part of the Game Crush service, basically.
Because right now they have limited access to the website.
Is that the, like, almost prostitution but with video games?
Yes.
But now we get to view the actual website because I have...
It's funny.
I am all for tearing this thing up and looking at it on next week's show.
However, make sure there's no NDA or nothing because I don't want to get in no trouble.
Cease and desist.
Whatever.
Make sure we're good there.
All right.
All right.
Well, then we'll look at that in a few weeks.
That's it.
And I'm assuming our soccer doesn't have any last minute stories.
I think she said a moment ago.
Nope.
All right.
We're going to let her go back to playing Final Fantasy 2 and everybody go back to whatever
they're doing.
All right.
But first, we're going to wrap up the show by getting everybody's final thoughts.
My final thought first.
I'll start tonight.
I really don't want to go to the dentist.
Loki, your final thought.
Somebody leaked Sonic 4.
Dark Sakura, last but not least, your final thought tonight.
I want pie.
I had banana cream pie last night.
It was fabulous.
But I'm not eating pie.
I'll just make myself some chocolate something.
There you go.
Can't you have like spinach pie or something?
If I wasn't out of bananas, I'd just make myself some banana pudding.
Now, I know the whole thing is raw foods, but are you allowed to...
Like if you are putting it together and you put spinach and all this stuff in there,
are you allowed to put it in the oven and cook it?
Or no, you still have to stay away from that?
Allowing is such a strong word.
If I want it cooked, I'll have it cooked.
I mean, I'm not that.
As long as...
But the whole essence they say is not to heat it more than 117 degrees
because that's when the enzymes are destroyed.
Okay, that's why.
That being said, I hate cooked spinach.
Unless it's on a pizza.
Yeah, I like raw spinach much better.
Like spinach salad is the bomb.
I'm actually got stuff together to make myself a good spinach salad for lunch tomorrow.
Good times.
All right, anyhow.
See, it starts and ends with food here at Orange Launch Radio.
But if you like the show, please, please tell a friend about the show.
That's all we ask every week here at Orange Launch Radio.
We do this for free just because we love you guys and we love doing this show
and bringing the community together.
So all we ask, help add to our community.
Tell a friend or two about the show.
And if you're shy and don't want to do that or don't have friends you think would be into this,
then help us spread the word on the internets.
Leave us a 5-star review on iTunes.
It's like the best thing you could do.
Just search for Orange Launch Radio on iTunes and say,
I love OLR and leave a 5-star review.
I think there was actually a new one that was posted this week.
So thanks to, and I don't have it up in front of me right now,
but thanks to whoever posted that.
I'll try to credit you in a future week.
So that's it.
We're done.
We're out of here.
Until next week, we'll be back to do it all again.
Sound good, guys?
We'll be back next week.
Until then, I'm Rob.
She's Jamie.
He's Matt.
And we're done.
You've been listening to Orange Launch Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com,
Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio
do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio
or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week.
