and Loki.
Hello my friends and welcome to episode number 368 of Orange Lounge Radio, the video game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
But not tonight, apparently.
Tonight's going to be a little bit different and I will get to that in just a moment.
But my name is Rob Roberts and I'll be joining you over the next few hours, maybe hour, I don't know.
We'll see how long we go tonight with my co-host, the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I had to go fix a tire.
So, unfortunately, the live show didn't happen.
So, apologies to you kids.
And, of course, Loki and DarkSakura who clear their schedules every Sunday night and I wasn't even here.
I'm a bad person.
That's okay.
I had more Red Dead Redemption to play.
I was going to say, you guys probably figured out something to do to kill time because I knew pretty early in the day it wasn't going to happen.
I hung out with Becky.
Well, awesome.
You got girl time.
Ew, girl stuff.
And we went to Fresh Choice and ate salad.
Ew, salad.
I can't condemn the kind of behavior.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's Wednesday, so we're actually midweek, and that's where we're at.
We're kind of taping this as a bridge to fill two weeks of no live shows.
I do want to point out, though, we will be off Memorial Day.
Our next live show will be at allgames.com at 6 p.m.
Pacific time on Sunday, June 6th will be the next live show.
And that's right after the Bobby Blackwolf show at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern.
And, of course, we always have our chat room at chat.orangelounge.com.
So Rob, you said 6pm specific time.
Specific.
At a specific time.
It's 6!
Specifically at 6!
I'm sorry.
I meant to say 6 Pacific, but I kind of... You actually did, but you started... I have to give you a hard time.
See, right now, you've got me in the middle of the week on hump day, when my spirit hasn't quite been broken.
You know, and I'm, you know, I'm not doing the... What's tomorrow?
So wait, we might get good mood Jamie tonight.
I'm just teasing.
And you're full of salad.
You ought to be in a great mood.
Actually, I'm not full of salad right now.
I'm full of taco.
Okay.
Ooh, tacos.
I had, because we have to do food, I had refried black beans and brown Spanish rice on a sprouted green tortilla.
Yum.
Yum.
I haven't eaten dinner yet, and I'm smelling Loki's chicken, so... That's why I ate, because he brings his chicken in, and I'm like, yum.
Wait, I can't eat that.
I just didn't want burgers tonight.
It's all good.
Rob, do you want me to make you some dinner?
No, no, no.
I gotta stop by and get some stuff for the big road trip, because I am driving 10 hours to Portland, Oregon, and I've never taken a road trip that long.
I've never been to Oregon.
You should get some raw nuts.
For the trip?
Raw nuts and dried fruit.
Good times.
All right.
Here's the other interesting thing about tonight's show and what might make this show a little special.
We don't have a script tonight.
Usually we have – not that the show is scripted.
It's live and fun.
But we usually have like an outline.
We call it a show role and you've probably heard us refer to it before, a little behind the scenes there.
We do have like a list of who's going to cover what topic.
That way we're not stepping on each other's toes and we kind of know who's going to talk about what and we have a general flow to the show.
Not tonight.
We're winging it tonight.
This is going to be like the old days.
DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
I gamed, Rob, I gamed.
I played Portal, because it was free, and it's really hard to get used to the controls on, you know, from going from playing on a controller to playing on my PC, but it's pretty cool.
And I, of course, played a lot of Star Trek Online, because I've got a week off, you know, I'm out of school.
And it's like, I've got all this stuff I have to focus on, but I so haven't been able to, so...
Dan's Playing More Grand Theft Horse Dan's Playing More Grand Theft Horse
It was a bay horse and I liked it.
It was pretty.
Whatever.
So yeah.
And he was picking his, you know, gristled cowboys out picking flowers for this old guy.
And then Pac-Man.
Google Pac-Man.
Because Namco had their 25th?
30th Anniversary and so the Google Splash thing was a playable version of Pac-Man and if you go to google.com slash Pac-Man you can actually go back and play it.
What's impressive about that, if I recall, I was reading up on it, it's not like Flash.
It's not Java.
It's using some pretty basic web technology to bring it to you, which is really impressive, the programming.
And actually, I was checking out the Twitter earlier.
Somebody on Twitter is going to have us talk about that a little more.
It looks like it actually resulted in a lot of lost productivity at work.
fascinating was it CNET or one of those news sites posted about how much had been lost and then it went on saying that that's really nothing compared to the little five minutes at a time people sneak on reading Wikipedia from their desk right so they're using it as a scapegoat and as an excuse to ban Google
You know what?
From work sites?
We're free form tonight.
Let me jump over to Twitter real quick.
I'm going to jump over to Twitter real quick and read one of the tweets we got earlier.
Even though we're not live and we don't have the chatter tonight, we did post on Twitter, hey, give us stories.
We'll still try to interact with you best we can because, you know, we can't just go to all games and say, we want to be live right now because I think there's another show on right now, so...
Um, it was from Dr. Noir.
Dr. N-O-I-R.
Dr. Noir.
Here's the fallout from Google's Pac-Man tribute sending us a tweet from BBC News.
The playable version of the classic video game was put on Google's front page on 21st of May to celebrate 30 years since the launch of Pac-Man in Japan.
Now, there were statistics gathered by the software firm Rescue Time about how much this damn thing was actually played.
On a typical day, it suggests that most people will do about 22 searches on the Google page.
Each one lasts about 11 seconds.
But putting Pac-Man on the front page, it boosted that time by an average of about 36 seconds.
and that would be based on the browsing habits of 11,000 rescue time users.
I guess it's the software that companies install on their computers to know who's being naughty on the internet when they're not supposed to be.
And so, let's see, they did all the math and they figured that with 504 million unique users who visit the main Google page per day, that means 4.8 million hours, 549 years were wasted on Pac-Man.
Assuming that people are paid on average $25 an hour, really?
I know, I was like, I want to know where that is so I can work there.
Or $17.50 if you want to convert it to pounds an hour.
This equates to about $120 million in lost productivity.
It's topical like hydrocortisone.
It was, it emulated the original Pac-Man pretty well.
It was pretty fun.
Except there's this one part where there's the grid a little bit off where the last E is.
Because the little place you enter in on the E is actually sort of just off center from where the escape door is.
Yes, yes.
And then the G is just weird because you have like this dead end tunnel you don't really have on a Pac-Man board usually.
I mean, it was a great concept.
You know what I hope for for the 35th?
Super Pac-Man Google.
Lordy.
Because Ms.
Pac-Man already made a cameo in the other one if you clicked insert coin.
Anyway.
This is true, Rob.
Anything else in your gaming week you want to report for us?
I got my Sims 3 working again, so I've been playing more Sims.
As you can see here, I'm back to my hunt for... That's a Sims site?
I thought you were shopping for Ikea or something over there.
That's crazy.
There's people who've actually tried to... Ikea and EA had this deal going on for a while where...
They had some of their standard stuff available for Sims 2.
Now did your Sims have to actually build it and get frustrated as hell when they couldn't understand the instructions because they're nothing but pictures?
No.
But there's people, though, who miss the Ikea stuff and have really gone... I'm looking at some of the furniture on here, and this is actually some... As a design major, Rob, this is actually pretty impressive stuff.
If anyone wants to know the sites that I go to for my Sims stuff, I go to the Sims Resource.
I actually have a subscription to the Sims Resource.
Mod the Sims is good, but Stylist Sims...
is has got some really it's got donation stuff and I don't really advocate donation items, you know, because you have to pay for them.
But at the same time, people did put work into this stuff.
But there's some absolutely gorgeous design stuff I would really have in my actual house.
What should I be able to afford it ever?
I'm surprised Sims doesn't have something like that.
In World of Warcraft, you can go through certain websites and you can get an actual figure of your WoW character from the data it pulls down from the armory.
It's crazy how interactive some of this stuff is now.
I'm surprised you can't buy a fake Sims house that's your actual Sims house, if that makes any sense at all.
I know what you mean.
Yeah, I had to make a mission.
Outro Music
Yeah, I never had to do that.
We would instead, every so often, head down to the museum downtown.
Because keep in mind, where I'm from, you just sneeze and you'll hit something that's been around since the 18th century.
and there's I was actually showing Loki before you got here some of the old Victorian homes if you look up Victorian homes Mobile, Alabama you will see some absolutely gorgeous places but the museum downtown recreated a lot of these in doll size
We had it there too.
and I'm like, okay, you come out to California in 113 degree weather and you pan.
That was another stupid thing we did as kids.
We used to go take the bus up to Sutter's Fort or whatever and do gold panning.
Sutter's Mill.
Or Sutter's Mill.
Sorry, Sutter's Fort is a place downtown.
We also used to actually go out to reservations.
Really?
I've been to a couple pal-outs.
I go to reservations now, but I go gambling.
I've actually been out to, I've actually been to about five powwows.
But I mean, there's, it's, we never really had to do anything, you know, not really, I don't want to say stupid, but time wasting like that, I guess.
Because, first of all, with some of the stupid children You know parents hated that shit because they had to do half of it.
But we did have to do, we had a lot of focus on doing actual full science projects and experiments and real lab time.
The worst was when I got to high school.
Have I talked about this on the show before in my high school?
The Whitey McWhite High?
DarkSakura.com
Right from a John Hughes movie.
But, you know, you had all these spoiled-ass little rich kids.
Like, I'm sure they were, like, hiring people to do their school projects.
It was pretty, like, you know, we had to build the houses and stuff.
They would be made from, like, actual stone and all this stuff.
And it's just like, you spoiled bitch.
Mine's made out of popsicle sticks.
Where I actually had to eat all the popsicles over the course of, like, three months.
That's true.
That's true.
Now you can just go to Michael's and get a bag of popsicle sticks.
I know.
And I'm like, goddamn ungrateful kids who didn't have to realize the value of the popsicles that come with two sticks because they're just two popsicles glued together.
I don't even remember what they're called.
You can get fudgesicles like that.
What the hell tangent is this show on right now?
You know what I miss?
Pudding Pops.
They're still around, aren't they?
They came back.
I miss Pudding Pop commercials.
Those were the best.
Dude, because it's all about Bill Cosby.
But, you know, you remember one of my favorite comics ever is Bloom County.
And I always liked that, um, what was the guy's name?
But his dad, Bill Cosby, lived in his anxiety closet with Pudding Pops.
Cosby here with a special report from Jell-O brand Pudding Pops.
Mothers, do your kids talk like this?
Chocolate, Jell-O, swirl.
Don't worry, they're just asking for Jell-O Pudding Pops swirls.
Good news for your mom and you, mom.
That wasn't one of the better commercials.
Sounds delicious.
Fake newscast.
I know.
Now you got me fucking hungry.
Pudding Pops.
Rude.
All right.
I want to go back a little bit.
Something you were mentioning earlier.
Do they even make Pudding Pops anymore?
I just said they brought them back.
You're listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello, Loki.
I'm working on the show.
All right.
Fine.
He wants to do this thing called news.
We're trying to fucking talk about pudding pops and Loki's concerned with gaming news as if we are a video game talk show.
When we're done though with the gaming week though, I do need to make a plug.
or do you want me to do it now?
you can do it now but I want to say one other thing about your gaming week because you said earlier that Portal is a bitch to control on the computer yes so I want to give you a pro tip awesome and a lot of people forget about this controller?
Xbox 360 controllers they're USB you can plug them right in if you have a wired one I honestly think the wired 360 controllers are almost a better purchase than the wireless ones at least have one you know
I think I've got one.
Yeah, I have one.
I think I have like three controllers and one of them is wired.
And it's great because I can go to the computer and use it there and it's pretty awesome.
But I have kind of gotten the hang of doing some of the puzzles.
It's just I keep forgetting that I look... Well, see, I've got a thumb trackball on my mouse.
So looking around with the trackball is kind of difficult for me.
And then remembering that, you know, I wish it's just that I could have my action button like in Resident Evil back in the day.
And hold my action button and turn around and walk You know, but Okay, you want to plug something I think I know what you want to plug And if it is what I think it is, then cool I was wondering when we could say something about this
Geek Cube Geek Cube Geek Cube Geek Cube
and, but we're, instead of being game specific or, you know, anime specific or something, we're geek, total geek.
It's just nerdy, geeky, dorky fun.
Nerdy, geeky, dorky fun.
That's right.
I wonder if that domain name's taken.
Nerdy, geeky, dorky fun.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'll try to contribute once in a while if you lovely ladies will have me.
Of course we'll have you.
For dinner.
But it'll have to be game or something related because that's what I know.
I'll do a wow column.
Oh, God.
Well, I'm going to have other side projects too coming up and I know you and I have been talking about one.
Hopefully E3 this year we'll have a press conference of our own and it'll be fun.
Good stuff in the future.
Well, the other thing, too, is that I'm planning on doing a DIY segment, you know, maybe once a week on there, too, about little do-it-yourself projects, you know, how to decoupage.
Oh, God, geek decoupage?
Dude, I've got my Bauhaus picture back there.
That's pretty cool.
That's art geek decoupage.
But, yeah, I mean, that's the general thing.
All right, let's move on with gaming weeks.
Also, anyone out there looking for a designer, hire me.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
It was good.
I didn't play a whole lot, though.
I played basically, well, two things, but one, whatever, anyways.
Red Dead Redemption, playing a lot of that.
Red Dead Tours?
Been playing mostly System Link multiplayer, because we were playing it at work.
and it's been pretty fun you can do little gang missions and stuff and join a posse and kill people and you get experience which unlocks more characters you can play as and more mounts and more weapons so that's all kind of fun
Thanks for watching!
So that sucked.
And then the Cougars are little fuckers.
They chase after you really fast and keep killing me.
Is Courtney Cox one of the Cougars?
Maybe.
I didn't name any of them, so I guess one of them could be Courtney Cox.
Thank you for watching!
And the major achievement that I was able to accomplish this week is that I figured out how to edit the map in Grand Theft Auto on the console.
Which, as far as I'm aware now, has never been done before.
So that's been pretty awesome.
And I ran into some roadblocks before with stuff being rotated weird, but I actually figured that all out last night.
So I'm ready to create all sorts of crazy stuff, including giant loop-de-loops and stuff like that.
Lots of ramps.
um but yeah back to Red Dead Redemption though that game is so glitchy it's just hilarious um I was playing today called my horse over and the horse came galloping at me at like full speed off a cliff to it's death bounced in front of me and then bounced off another cliff and it was just I'm like what the hell I've seen some angry tweets about I think I saw a tweet earlier this week that was like did anybody QA test this game
Well, there was some other ones.
Like, there was one of the missions that we were doing, the first posse mission that we did.
We were going after this one gang.
We had to destroy their ammo caches.
And so, after you destroy the second one, there's reinforcements that are sent after you.
Well, for whatever reason, they decided to spawn up on the hill, and they jumped to their death.
It was awesome, because I think the AI has problems with cliffs.
It just doesn't understand them sometimes.
And so, it was just like,
See people die.
It's like Toontz is the driving horse.
It's awesome.
And then there's been other videos I've seen that had problems where different objects are spawning on different characters.
So for example, instead of your mouth that's a donkey, you have a woman.
So you're riding around on a woman that sounds like a donkey and has a horse face.
I think I saw something like that
Like, you know, a real dog, like a coyote.
So it's this coyote running around carrying a rifle, which is pretty funny.
Oh, and there's a wonderful glitch where you can crouch against a wall and get shot up into space.
So should I buy it?
I've been hearing a lot of good things about it.
Like, there's great reviews and everything.
It's a lot of fun.
There's tons of people on there to play with.
Grand Theft Tour, Swap!
And if you don't want to play with those people, you can always start a private game and just mess around or go on missions.
Yeah, I don't like to play with strangers.
I'll play with people on my friends list and you guys What if the strangers want to play with you?
No!
No means no!
All right, kind of piggybacking on that and going into my gaming week, as part of this whole Oregon thing, you know they don't have sales tax in Oregon.
So I'm making a list of games I want to buy while I'm up in Oregon.
I'm going to buy that, I think.
That's kind of like on the bubble, so to speak.
But I definitely want to get Blur, I want to get Split Second, and I want to get – and now Alan Wake.
Oh, yeah, we have Split Second.
Is Ballistic and cool?
Yeah.
Dad loves it.
That's what I hear.
And Alan Wake I hear is pretty awesome.
It is.
Because somebody described it as like a Twin Peaks type video game.
And, like, I realize y'all were all big on, well, not you guys specifically, but just the general, like, if Twitter is any indication of where the world's at, everybody went nuck and futz over the Lost finale this weekend, which ironically was on Sunday night.
And, like, I think there was actually a tweet out there that said, you guys canceled the show to go watch the Lost finale, huh?
I'm like...
I don't watch Lost.
I watch good shows.
I'm not hating on Lost.
Look, any show that gets people talking as much as that show did is doing something right.
But I didn't watch the first few episodes and it's one of those shows where if you don't watch the first few episodes, you're fucked.
It's not going to make any sense.
So I never watched it.
If I can interject, back to Alan Wake.
Dan described it as... Oh great, what's that game?
Silent Hill meets Max Payne.
That's it.
Silent Hill meets Max Payne.
Interesting.
Sounds good.
Well, I was going to say, before Lost...
Way back when, in the 90s, there was a little show called Twin Peaks.
It was awesome.
And it was a total WTF mind trip as well.
It didn't last very long, sadly.
They really screwed with it on the time slots.
And they answered the show's biggest question, who killed Laura Palmer, way too soon.
And so that kind of killed the show when that happened.
But I say that because I love that show.
And if there's any video game that's even being remotely compared to that show, I'm all about it.
So I'll check it out.
Yeah, so I'm making this list and then my goal is to just go hit up a GameStop or Fry's or whatever they have up there and just go to town.
Or what's the big thing they have up there?
Fred Meyer.
Those ginormous stores that they have, I guess.
Go check out one of those.
So that's the plan.
As far as my actual gaming weekend games I've been playing, not a whole lot this week.
Of course, more WoW because I'm addicted to WoW.
But I want to say something on that in a minute.
Alan hit 80 this week, so I'm very happy and proud for him.
But now that he has hit 80, I think I'm going to, believe it or not, scale back on WoW a little bit.
And I am making it my summer goal before Labor Day to actually beat.
And this is a big deal for me.
I mean actually beat from start to finish.
Three games.
And I realize that might sound like nothing, but this is me we're talking about, okay?
Like, for me to actually complete a role-playing game or an adventure game or something like that is a BFD.
Because I have the worst gamer ADD.
I will start a game, play it for an hour, go somewhere else.
No, I have not.
Neither have I. I got to the end, I'm like, see?
See?
That's the problem.
Yeah, well, when one of you finishes it, you know you gotta let me borrow it.
so WoW will be scaled back I mean I'll still do the raids with the guild and play with Alan for at least like an hour you know several times a week and so forth but I want to actually beat three games and I don't mean like beating what's something like really easy that takes like five seconds to beat
Bayonetta Final Fight Final Fight
So I don't know what yet, but that's my goal before Labor Day.
And I need you guys as my gamer nerd buddies here in studio to hold me to it.
And if I'm lagging, I need verbal lashings.
Should we find games that we can play together, Rob?
You think you can do that, DarkSakura, verbal lashings?
I'll point at you and laugh.
Okay, that'll work.
I'm down for that.
I'm going to try Alan Wake and if I like it, that'll probably be one of the three.
But I'll let you know.
Because I might not like it, I don't know.
And I might say, no, I legitimately do not want to play this to completion.
But a game like Final Fantasy XIII really ought to be one of the three.
Well, beat it and then lend it to me.
Get his copy.
Whoever beats it first, let me borrow it.
I'll tell you right now, I want to play it on PS3.
I'm out.
Oh, I have a PS3 version, so I'll have to beat it and then let you borrow it.
Alright, alright, alright.
I'm gonna be... You beat it yet, Rob?
You beat it yet, Rob?
You beat it yet, Rob?
You beat it yet, Rob?
Okay, fair enough, fair enough.
Someone else needs to get me to Cydia.
Alright.
And then, other stuff in my gaming week, Game Room, I'm still playing the crap out of that, and River Raid came out today.
It's rare that we have the show mid-week where I can talk about releases as they happen.
River Raid was a classic, classic Atari 2600 game made by Activision.
My Activision room has like six Activision games in it right now.
It's crazy.
It's crazy.
I've literally bought like 10 games in Game Room.
I've spent, and if you say like $3 to $5 a game, most of them I only paid $3, $4, but there's a few that I also play on the PC, so I bought the upgrade.
That means I've spent like $35 on this game so far, which you might want to point and laugh at me, fine, haha, go ahead, but I'm getting my money's worth.
I'm playing the games quite a bit.
They are cheaper than virtual console games.
They are.
And I'm having fun with it.
You know, like Bobby and I have had these friendly little competitions on some games and you guys know Bradley, Arcadian.
Dude, did you know he was in the top 20 for Time Pilot earlier this week?
Really?
Yeah, he's pretty good at that stuff.
He wiped my score on Mega Maniac, but I'm still number one on Pitfall and Crystal Castles.
Woohoo!
I made it up to rank 68 in Grand Theft Auto.
Did you?
I thought you were 67 a couple weeks ago.
I keep losing the game here.
It sucks because it takes me like 20 games to get up a few ranks and all I have to do is lose to one person.
Not even lose the game, come in second by like a few bucks and it drops you down a bunch.
It's really unfair.
But I'm doing pretty good.
I haven't lost a game in a while.
All right.
Let's get to housekeeping tonight.
Of course, our Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR.
We're going to get to the Twitter topics in a little bit.
And then also our Facebook.
Please add us there, facebook.com slash Orange Launch Radio.
Apparently, we have a MySpace still, too.
But if I haven't added you to MySpace, don't be mean.
I check it like maybe once every three months.
So don't be sad.
I'll add you eventually if you actually send us a friend request there.
Although I ought to just delete it.
But any promotion is good promotion, I suppose.
Okay, so, how about gaming news?
We'll get into that a little bit.
Okay, there's, like, I don't know if you have anything you want to talk about, Jamie.
I know Loki's got a bunch.
He was a good guy earlier and went through the show.
There's like two things I want to talk about tonight, okay?
I'll start with the one that has been big today and I think yesterday was when the buzz started.
Let's talk Rock Band 3, alright?
So here's what happened.
The Green Day Rock Band demo came out on Xbox Live and PlayStation.
And, you know, it's got a couple songs you can play and check out what Green Day Rock Band's all about.
But the biggest splash of this was that there is a teaser page, I guess at the very end of the demo, that shows, you know how...
In Rock Band, you have little icons.
You have like a little guitar icon, a little bass icon, a little microphone for the singer, and little drums.
Well, guess what?
Next to all these icons in the number three is a little keyboard.
And it looks like, at first glance, they are going to add keyboards to Rock Band 3.
And when I first heard this news, I got really excited because...
You know, Orange Lounge Radio, we started as a music game based show.
And we used to play games like Drum Mania, Guitar Freaks, and some of the games that inspired, you could say, rock band in some ways.
Well, the one I always loved, that I thought was really underappreciated because they killed it off way too quick after only three versions, which I know sounds like a lot when you consider...
2DX is on like 18 or 19 is being tested right now.
And then Guitar Freaks is on like 16 or 17.
I mean, there's a crap ton of these games.
Yeah, I don't know.
Keyboard Mania, which I was actually good at.
I could beat the hardest song in the game.
I couldn't do it on doubles.
I guess that would really be the hardest mode in the game.
But I could beat...
We have a friend who was really good in doubles Better than me I had to pick it up so I could play with you
So I heard this news about Rock Band 3 and I was like, oh my god, they're actually going to do it?
They're going to put out a keyboard?
Oh my god, I'm like, woo, this is going to be great.
I don't know if all the songs are going to be great for this.
Woo, I'm all excited, right?
Well today, I guess a news story came out that says, well, it might not actually be a keyboard.
It might be a keytar.
FreesePopTheGame.com
or just any 80s band practically had that and I realize a lot of you think it's cool but boy did that feel like a punch in the stomach like oh we're gonna do this really cool thing and then we're gonna make it so stupid by making it a keytar ah whatever I'll play it anyway and it's one of those things where
I guess I could always just like put the guitar on the ground and do it that way and just pretend I don't see the stem.
But I don't know if that'll work.
I'm thinking it's just screen real estate.
I mean, because how the hell are you going to do keyboards with, you know, three other... How are you going to do a five-person band or even an eight-person band in... Well, let's see.
Three singers, guitar, bass, drums, and a keyboard.
So you'd have a band of like, you know...
I have a feeling, call it a gut, but if they do keytar, I think it'll scroll sideways.
I think that's how they'll do it.
They'll have vocals at top and keytar on the bottom, and then the normal tracks in the middle.
I just... I have nothing to base that off of.
Obviously, this is going to be at E3.
Obviously.
And we'll know more then, but until then, it's all speculation, really.
Except for the fact that, you know what, putting that little symbol of a keyboard in the game...
Mission accomplished.
People are talking rock band and, ah, what could this be?
And most importantly, something that Guitar Hero's not doing.
That was good of them to keep this a secret for a while because that way, now it's something to differentiate it from its biggest competitor, eh?
Pretty smart, but you know, we shall see when we shall see.
Apparently there's something else in this too about like, there's gonna be a mode that's super difficult, but it's just to emulate like actual guitar and drum playing or something?
Yeah.
Hmm, I'd heard something about that.
So that could be interesting.
What I would really most like to see is, um...
is them keep, especially for Rock Band, is them keep in the harmony, the three-part harmony that they had in Beatles Rock Band.
There.
I think they confirmed that.
Because it's in the icon, even.
And one of the dudes slipped up at PAX East.
I remember this happening because my friends were there at that panel.
You know, Seg.
He was there when the guy said, oh, well, Rock Band 3 has harmonies.
And then they were all like...
Shut up, you're not supposed to say that yet.
It doesn't matter.
It's confirmed because also it's in Green Day Rock Band.
Oh, because it's got the mic.
And it's got three mics.
I really, really hope all the songs are still backwards compatible.
I don't expect them to go back and add harmonies and guitar or whatever they do to all of them.
I would still be thrilled if I could have one massive library of songs
I still, I think it would be cool if they just went back and like maybe take the top 20 download songs.
Like take the, you know, because they know what 20 songs have sold more than any other.
Take like the top 20 and add support.
Or, you know, maybe not all of them would lend themselves very well to keytar or harmony.
So take, you know, the top 20 songs that would and just go back and touch those up.
That's going to be enough to get people excited.
They were saying that, you know, or people were speculating because now that you have the three-part harmonies and keyboard, Bohemian Rhapsody is almost like a given.
That is hot.
That is hot.
Just the fact that Queen could be in the game at all.
Well, actually, I think there's a few songs.
Yeah, there's a few songs.
But just Bohemian Rhapsody would be amazing.
I would really like to see at least some of the Beatles rock band stuff carry over, but
is the Van Halen Guitar Hero thing exclusive because you know if there's a guitar you know if keyboards are in this at all in any way shape or form it has to have jump it has to have do do do do do like how can you have one of those plastic keyboards sitting in your house and not want to play that
It's gonna be awesome.
I'm definitely gonna be picking this up.
One of the local stores here in Sacramento, Guitar Center.
Actually, I think that's a nationwide store.
They actually had a sign up at one of their stores by the keyboard display that says, The following songs are banned.
If you play this song, you will be kicked out of the store.
Chopsticks, Fur Elise, and Jump.
I'm surprised they don't have the Axel Foley theme.
No stairway, denied.
It's that whole scene, exactly.
But for real.
Anyhow.
So I'm excited.
I'm glad to see they're shaking it up beyond just making it prettier for Rock Band 3.
That's going to be pretty cool.
Another piece of plastic crap to have in my house.
I'm so excited.
I store my instruments at work.
in our game room.
I don't have room in my little apartment.
I already had a downsize from a house.
I have bullshit everywhere.
Another plastic instrument is the last fucking thing I need right now.
The thing I love and it's an awesome investment was my drum bag because I can keep my drums and all the other stuff in there except for the guitars.
The guitars are separate.
I have two guitars or a guitar and a bass.
I do need to get a new guitar though because it's crapping out.
Funny enough though, and speaking of quality, the Guitar Hero 2 guitar that I still have is fucking awesome.
It still works great.
The Guitar Hero 2 guitar I have works, and I did upgrade to a Guitar Hero 3 because a while back I was having enough friends over where we needed to have a bass.
So I just bought a Guitar Hero 3 guitar because they were really cheap.
And now it's wireless.
It works awesome.
They're fine.
Hopefully, now with Mad Catz working on the actual instruments, I'm hoping that they'd be a little bit better.
Actually, the bass, it's by Mad Catz and I loved it.
It's working really well.
Please tell me my logic makes sense that there will be a game plus keyboard only pack.
They're saying there's going to be all sorts of configurations.
If you have one thing, then you can get this, and they're going to do all sorts of different bundles, which will make it wonderfully confusing.
Then I'm happy.
All right.
The other big story I wanted to talk about is I want to talk about the armory for World of Warcraft is now available on the iPhone.
I'm sorry, not just the armory, but the auction house.
Oh, because I was going to say I had the armory when I was playing.
Sorry.
I mean, the auction house is now built into the armory.
It's a beta test thing going on that they just opened up to all realms a couple days ago.
And you can now manage basic auctions from your iPhone.
But it's a beta test because the plan is this is going to be a pay feature.
They're going to charge, I think they were saying three, four bucks a month.
I think it was three bucks a month for this feature after the beta test period is over, which you guess is going to be what, about four to six weeks.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But then, damn it, I found myself at work the other day.
On lunch, thank you very much.
And I like to get away from my desk at lunch because, you know, the last thing you want to do during your free time is be at your desk staring at your big pile of work to do.
So I was in a little break room during lunch, eating my lunch, and, you know, I'll kind of sit there and play on my phone, maybe look at a game and da-da-da.
Sure enough, I go on the armory and I start looking around.
Sigh.
Addict, Addict, Addict
anyhow but it's not it's not something extra that I can't already get in the game and therefore I don't see worth paying three dollars a month is really something I want to do I mean I guess there's people that are more into the economics that want to do this stuff and if they want to pay for it then so be it whatever it's a feature I just will not be one of them because I don't think I should have that on my phone to be honest I just don't think I should have that it's not a good thing to have
Now, thankfully, it's kind of... And I say it's kind of a double-edged sword because, you know, it's well...
I'm glad there's not any additional game features like something extra because then I'd feel a little bit jilted because I still held to what I said a couple weeks ago on this show the minute Blizzard starts selling epics for money I'm out I quit I'm I'm deleting my account well resigning whatever that day notice how I can't say I'll delete my account because it's too much work but I will resign my Warcraft membership that day it's done
I just can't justify that and I really hope that's not where they're going I'm a little worried did you notice how all this started I mean maybe it's just me maybe I'm a conspiracy theorist and what have you call me whatever names you want but is it just me or did all this nickel and dime stuff start happening once Activision bought them I don't think it's just you Rob
this all kind of like the sparkle pony the money for faction transfers and all these things and changing your genders and appearance and all this this all started happening when the Activision guys came in they swear up and down they're not going to sell epics for money I really really hope that's the case because it's like starting to push the boundaries a little bit you know what I mean
But whatever, if you want to pay the money and this is a good feature for you, have fun.
But I can't install Auctioneer on my phone, so whatever.
And that was really it.
Those are the two big stories.
I have some other little things I can get to, but Loki, I don't know what big news stories jumped out at you the past few days, if there's anything you want to jump in at.
Project $10
Project $10 is different ways that EA can make money off of you, basically.
The most recent way they've decided is that they're going to have one-time codes with their sports games starting off that allow you to play online.
If you buy the game used, you have to pay $10 to be able to play the game.
We talked about this last week.
I understand that, but I'm getting into more stuff about it, though.
Oh, dear.
Oh, God.
All right.
Okay.
Because I'm sitting here going, deja vu.
No, no, no.
Loki was here, right?
There's more stuff we're going to talk about here.
All right.
So, yeah.
Thankfully, they have the seven-day trial, and that's peachy and stuff for video rentals or game rental stores or whatever.
Well, that is cool.
That's cool, and they're the only ones doing that.
THQ, on the other hand, is now... They, by the way, weren't going to mention anything until the day of release for UFC, but UFC had leaked out, so unfortunately people found out about it.
They're doing something similar, except they're charging $5.
There is no trial.
So if you buy the game used, you ought to pay $5 in order to be able to play online.
then there was another one I found out about today another company which I'm just shocked that they're jumping on board with this but apparently Microsoft with Crackdown 2 will be jumping aboard this new trend and they will be having a one time fee wait wait wait wait wait why am I paying for Xbox Live?
why?
If every publisher is going to think, because you know now this is just the little leak in the dam and it's all going to come crumbling down after this.
Why am I paying for Xbox Live?
And another story that, sorry if you're going to get to this later, but I know this is big.
PlayStation Network is just, everybody's waiting for them to say something at E3 this year that there's going to be a PlayStation Network Plus or what have you.
Why am I paying for these services now if this is the new way I'm going to have to pay to play online?
Please do not tell me I need both Xbox Live and the code to play Crackdown because that seems ridiculous.
You do.
Oh my god.
Thanks for watching!
and there's like, you know, EA's excuses.
Oh, well, we're improving our online services and we're able to offer you more, you know, download content and stuff like that.
Yeah, more paid download content that I have to buy from you.
It's just awful.
To sit here and say I'm not going to pay for online play would be hypocritical because I pay $12 or $14, whatever it is.
I don't even know to play WoW.
That's fine.
I don't have a problem paying to play online.
I have a problem paying twice, and I have a problem paying all these different uncontrolled amounts now.
Which, okay, maybe is a little bit hypocritical because of the MMOs But generally you know an MMO is going to cost you between $10 and $15 But it's just, now there's no fucking control anywhere with this And it really bothers me I need to hear from Microsoft at E3 why I should renew my Xbox Live membership Because at this point, I'm not going to And I've been a member for like six years now And I'm hoping that there's some sort of misunderstanding But here's how it came about
We had a head of a company, might have been Blockbuster Chain or something like that, they were asking about Crackdown 2.
They're saying, well, the first Crackdown game was online only, and I just want to make sure there's a single player aspect to this one.
And of course, I was like, well, no, the first game actually wasn't online only, and there will be multiplayer and that kind of stuff.
I highly doubt that Microsoft would jump on board with what they're doing with EA and stuff because they're already making money off live.
Our buyer checked with Microsoft and they're like, that's correct, there's a single player and online and there will be a one-time code.
Wait, is this the internet or are you breaking news here?
Yeah, I'm breaking news.
Oh shit.
So casually too.
I know, right?
He didn't say secret club or nothing.
This is just out there.
I'm hoping that there's a misunderstanding.
Take with a grain of salt because we're not talking about hardcore game players with this.
We're talking about business people who might be oopsie-doopsie-ing the facts.
I'm hoping that the one-time code thing is similar to what we've seen with some of the other games like Alan Wake
and, you know, Gears of War 2 and stuff like that where the one-time code is download content.
It's free download content at launch.
Something like that.
I'm retracting my clause there.
I'm retracting my clause and hoping one of your coworkers is fucking up big time.
But if it isn't, then that's basically going to open floodgates because if Microsoft's doing it, then everybody's going to do it because they've basically been given permission to.
So...
I hope that's not the case, but once again, I blame a lot of these people that just don't stand up and complain about this stuff.
They're like, oh, that's no big deal because I'm getting the game used or whatever, and it's just a few extra dollars.
Well, you know what?
It's stuff like this.
You feel it's okay with different things, and now they're going to all start doing it, and pretty soon it's just going to be something else.
What else are they going to take out of their game that they're going to charge you $5 for?
You know...
It's just stupid.
And they're not lowering the price of the game by $5.
Of course not.
I don't know.
Yeah, I worry about the precedent this might set.
I understand why EA is doing this $10 thing, and I think we talked about this last week.
And, of course, other companies are going to follow.
But, you know, my two biggest issues are, A, it's not going to stop there, like Loki's saying, and, B, I don't want to have to pay for it twice.
They need to work it out where the one source – am I paying Microsoft or am I paying the publishers for this?
Right.
And it's absolutely bullshit that they're saying that, you know, oh, well, it's because we're like THQ's wonderful official statement about it.
THQ is delivering a truly unmatched online gaming experience for fans of UFC and across all.
Oh, shut up.
Bullshit!
The main enhancement of UFC Undisputed 2010's premium online content is the new Fight Camp mode in which players can assemble ranks up to 40 people and train together.
This significant value add to the game as players can continually improve their skills by training with friends and bringing teams from MMA specialists together.
You know what, though?
You could have done that and included that with the game as it is.
So now you're just basically making an excuse because EA's doing it.
Fuck you, EA.
You were on a good streak for a while there.
Activision was really making themselves look like shit.
They're all gonna do it.
But here you go.
Might as well... I'm sure Bobby Kotick's eyes are lighting up.
Hey, we can charge money for that?
Do you have the story up on PSN Plus, out of curiosity?
No.
Yeah, I do.
Can you talk about that a little bit?
Yes.
So people are basically saying that, in fact, actually the Sony Computer Entertainment Europe president has been alluding that they're going to be doing upcoming paid PlayStation Network subscriptions.
And, of course, they won't officially comment on it.
It says, will PlayStation Network become a paying service?
Kazurai stated a few months ago that we were looking at premium services alongside the current free service and that objective has not changed.
You'll learn more about it very soon.
So yes, they are doing that.
But if I'm hearing it right, they're saying we're not going to charge you to play games online.
That's right.
I'm just trying to think what could this possibly be besides Core.
You know what I mean?
I thought Core was kind of their plus thing with the demos and the little things that come with that.
Is that just an enhancement of that?
From what I remember, the rumors have been saying that it's supposed to have exclusive access to cross-game voice chat, which you can do for free in Microsoft's service.
Also, they're going to say that they're going to be including some sort of cloud-based saving system.
I was reading that they're also supposed to be, I think, offering the ability to purchase a full title of a game first.
Also, they'll be able to play the first hour of download games for
Yeah, that's interesting.
I'd heard that one.
Something about you can download the whole stinking game and play like every Blu-ray game will basically have a demo for an hour.
I don't even know how that works.
I don't know if that's wishful thinking or what.
I think I'd seen – and this is probably another rumor, fanboy wank or whatever, but I'd seen something about PlayStation 1 games are just going to be –
Play whatever you want.
They're going to have an open library for the PS1.
A rotating list of PSP minis and PlayStation 1 classics.
Exclusive in-game download content.
Discounts to the PlayStation Store.
Stuff like that.
Maybe.
Maybe.
I definitely want to hear more about it.
I mean, we need to separate the fanboy wank from the reality, but there's some interesting features in there.
I can tell you right now I wouldn't be paying for this.
I don't play on the PlayStation Network enough.
Well, now I'm paying for Xbox Live, and if, if, if, if, big if, capital I, capital F, if it is true that Crackdown is going to do the double dip thing...
and I don't hear from Microsoft what the hell I'm paying for anymore.
Are you buying Crackdown used?
That's the thing.
If you're buying it used, then yeah, it's double dipping.
If you're buying it new, you get the code, you can play the thing.
So, I don't know.
Still, why am I paying for Xbox Live?
You know?
It's still, it's really kind of a lame thing to be doing because they're like saying, oh, we deserve a portion of your use sales.
And fuck you, GameStop, for being okay with this shit.
I mean, you're the biggest fucking company out there.
You know they're not.
You know they're not.
They're just, they have no choice.
I'll get into more of that, why I think they're doing what they're doing and why they're so gung-ho about it anyway.
Please, I want to hear that next.
Okay, so fuck them.
Freeform tonight.
I get what I want.
Fuck them for being just okay about this.
Wait, wait, wait.
Shirley, you have an opinion.
What do you think about this whole PlayStation Network Plus and the crackdown rumor?
Do you have any thoughts?
Not yet.
Would you pay for a service where you could just go in and play any PlayStation 1 game you wanted?
Depends.
Yeah.
Depends on cost.
I mean, if it was any game, any at all ever, maybe.
But I don't need to because I have the vault.
True.
Okay, so fuck them for going along with this and basically saying, oh yeah, we think it's a great idea.
Yeah, you know why you think it's a great idea?
Because you're going to start selling download content soon, and you're cashing in on that, and basically Microsoft is saying, hey, you know what?
We're going to give you some backend rebates from this stuff.
I don't know they may be changing their tune too when you look at some of these games that you basically sell them for $30 they turn around and sell it for $55 and then they're going to charge me $10 on top of that to say for example buy multiplayer online I'm paying basically $5 more than the price of a new game so I'm going to be buying a new game obviously if I'm really interested in that
or I just won't play online.
Thankfully, a lot of the games, if I were to ever buy them used, I probably wouldn't be playing them online.
I don't play a lot of stuff online.
I don't know.
It's really awful.
Alright, get to the other thing about GameStop.
That's why I already went to that.
Because they're going to be selling download content.
Oh.
That was it.
Sorry.
No, I had heard that.
I had heard that rumor a little bit before, but it just...
I don't know.
It's weird.
All right, what else?
How about another story that maybe we'll do release dates?
Scratch the Ultimate DJ coming to iPhone, iPad, and the PC.
They're still working on, I guess, the console versions as well, according to Numark, but they are going to be out on those three platforms later this year.
It looks kind of weird, though.
I mean, I can't imagine playing this game on an iPad or something.
Very awkward.
They have like a...
turntables in the upper corners and then the five keys on the bottom and like a crossfader just above those keys little complex the PC version though will actually have a controller for it so that'll be interesting to see but apparently you know I guess it kind of sucks that the whole game was held up because of the whole lawsuit with Activision and stuff which we never really heard what happened with that if they settled or what
Whatever happened to the console release?
Is that still tied up in the lawsuit?
It says the console versions are still in development.
It says in addition the PC version will use a special controller.
Interesting.
Yeah.
Alright.
How about release dates?
Do you want to do some release dates?
That sounds like fun.
Do you have Europe ones, Jamie?
Why don't we start with you?
We haven't heard your lovely voice in a few minutes.
Yeah, go for it.
Why not?
Alright, well then, it's really just a few things.
On the, well, today, the 26th, Doom 2 for Xbox 360 and SingStar Kent...
on PlayStation 3, 28th Clash of the Titans, and Darkness Within 2, The Dark Lineage for PC, No More Heroes 2, Desperate Struggle, Project Runway, Poitouette One Way, or as I was saying, Pure Football, Alpha Protocol, Blur, UFC Undisputed 2010.
That's it.
Loki?
Loki?
Well, there's a few things coming out this week.
Witch is Witch from Natsume that's on the DS.
The Sims 3 Ambitions, the new expansion pack for the PC.
Mind Over Matter, another brain training puzzle game coming out on DS as well.
Backbreaker coming out on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3.
That's one of those independent football games.
Alpha Protocol on Xbox 360, PC, and PlayStation 3.
Pure Football on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week.
America's Next Top Model on DS and on the Wii.
That's exciting.
Hope Crazy Tyra's in it.
Diamond Trust of London.
It's a strategy game on the DS.
That's nice, I guess.
Bass Pro Shops The Hunt, yet another deer hunting game.
That's on the Wii and Xbox 360.
And the Wii, of course, getting a gun bundle because those people that own Wiis love guns.
and um what else we have here Call of Duty The War Collections a re-release of three Call of Duty World War 2 games on Xbox 360 I believe 2, 3 and World at War uh let's see here Prince of Persia The Forgotten Sands on PC I guess it was a few weeks late and that's that's basically it alright
Oh, Siphon Filters, Logan Shadow on PlayStation 2.
Yes, they're still making PlayStation 2 games.
Yes, there's still ports of PSP games, right?
PSP, yeah.
Going to Japan, these releases are for June 3rd.
We're not going to be live again until June 6th, and I didn't see a lot for May, so let's go to June 3rd releases for Japan, okay?
Some price reductions on Gears of War 2 on the 360, Gundam Musou 2, and Tales of Vesperia.
Again, these are June 3rd releases I'm doing today.
Uh, going to the PlayStation 3, also some more price reductions, Gundam Musou 2 and Katamari Damacy Tribute, which I believe is, uh, Katamari, what did they call it, Forever here?
Uh, yeah.
Uh, nothing really notable on the Wii, this is kind of a dry period over there, I don't know if there's, you know, just not the season, but it's mostly price reductions going on in Japan right now.
Same thing when you look at the PS2, Gundam Musou 2, Mobile Suit Gundam games going on sale, Nintendo DS, another Pachinko game comes out, Kaiden Restaurant Ura Menu 100 Sen, don't know if that's like 100 different things on the menu or what, but that is coming out on the DS, and then on the PSP, 100 Sen.
Is that the 100 classic books thing?
From Nintendo?
No, because it's Kaidan Restaurant.
I don't think that's it.
No, there's like a little happy ghost on the cover.
It's a horror buffet with chilling, blood-curdling, and creepy stories as dishes.
Oh, maybe it is.
100 tales for you to order.
Choose the one that suits your mood.
Vampires, ghosts, and psychopath killers.
These characters fill the cartridge, and all you have to do is order them to come out.
That sounds creepy.
It's like Silent Hill, but you read it.
and then lastly on the PSP Bleach, Heat the Soul 6 gets a price reduction and probably the only new game I'm seeing on this whole list Fairy Tail, Portable Guild is coming out this week from Konami on June 3rd, next week there you go, Japanese releases, there you have it
Facebook and Zynga
Farmville people.
They kissed and made up.
They had make up sex and everything's better.
Remember how Zynga was threatening to leave and we're going to take Farmville to our own damn website and I said it'll never work.
It'll never work.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yahoo already has a gaming portal that a lot of the PopCap stuff and all that's on.
What were the games?
I actually used to play some games on there.
There's like a Scrabble type game on there and the freaking whiteboard game.
It was like Pictionary and everybody drew dirty fucking pictures in that game.
I can't remember the name of it, but I even played some of those games before.
Whatever.
It's not Facebook.
If you can't collect the things and post them to your wall so you can prove that you have the biggest e-peen farm, that you're farming all the e-peen in the land, then...
The part where I banged my head against the wall was when I saw the FarmVille cards for sale at like 7-Eleven.
There was like little $10 FarmVille cards.
I was like, oh my god.
Did you see the FarmVille ice cream?
Oh god, yeah.
I heard something about that.
Like there's FarmVille ice cream and FarmVille Slurpees.
Oh god.
No, do not want...
I thought this was an interesting story, too, that had to do with Epic and a comment they made this past week about piracy.
And they basically said that six years ago, Epic was a PC company.
But because of piracy, they went to consoles.
We did one PS2 launch title and everything else was PC.
And now people are saying, why do you hate the PC?
You're a console only company.
It's because the money's on consoles.
That's from President Mike Capps.
We still do PC.
We still love the PC.
But we already saw the impact of piracy.
It killed a lot of great independent developers and completely changed our business model.
Steam, Piracy,
Any thoughts on that, Loki?
Not that I'm insinuating that you're a pirate or anything, but I know you usually have strong feelings about these type of topics.
There's piracy on any platform, regardless of PC, Xbox 360, handhelds, other consoles.
I mean, it's just it's easier to do on PC, so I guess that's true, but...
They're facing piracy everywhere, so, I mean, is that really an excuse?
I don't know.
I think it's because they can charge more for their games, but whatever.
Good.
Good for you.
You're a console developer now.
Do you want me to pat you on the back or something?
Really?
All right.
One other story, and then I'll let Loki take over for a little bit.
BlizzCon tickets on sale today.
June 2nd and June 5th.
$150 if you want to go.
And the con is in October.
October 22nd and 23rd.
You know what, DarkSakura?
I think you and I should go down to Anaheim on October 22nd and 23rd and go to Disneyland.
Fuck BlizzCon Let's do it 150 bucks?
No thank you The 22nd and 23rd, October Let's do it Except I'll be going to Alabama right after No, I'll be going to Alabama in November I haven't done Disney with Jamie in a while I've done Disney with other people, not Jamie It's been a little while We need to make it so Here's my thing You might be thinking, what the hell Rob You're like the biggest wow addict on that show And why are you all hating on BlizzCon A, they won 150 bucks
B, what am I getting?
Cataclysm ought to be out by then.
I mean, and if it's not, damn, they're moving slow.
When is it again?
October 22nd and 23rd.
Well, they did release the last expansion, I want to say, or there was one of expansions that was released in November, so it might not be out.
Yeah, but Burning Crusade was out in, like, January, so it...
Well, then that's both after October.
It's World of Warcraft.
Blizzard can release it whenever the fuck they want.
They could release it on Christmas Eve and the nerds would be out in force to get there and be the first.
It doesn't matter.
It's Blizzard.
They can do what they want.
But this...
Look, I understand.
They gotta recoup their costs.
They do some big stuff for this.
Whatever.
It's a pretty big effing deal.
But I don't... Am I gonna get to be the first to play their new MMO?
Which is the rumor that they have a type of action-ish MMO that's in the works.
I think the last rumor I heard was a spy, espionage-y type of game.
Might be their next MMO.
So, the agency?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Rumor.
Huge fan-wank rumor.
Don't quote me.
and I imagine Diablo 3 is going to be playable but $150?
I'd rather ride Space Mountain three times in a row.
What?
Dude, I'd just rather ride Space Mountain period instead of like almost anything.
Yep.
Maybe we'll walk out front of the convention center.
When we get bored, we'll go walk over to the convention center.
I don't know how we're going to get bored at Disneyland, but let's just hypothesize that every ride we want to go on is broken.
We'll go walk outside the convention center and look at the people and go, So, how's it going?
Hey y'all, we're going to go on the Matterhorn.
Have fun waiting in line.
You might be able to get in as a press.
Is it bad to say that again I would just... The convention center, let me put this in perspective if you've never been to Anaheim.
The convention center is literally two blocks from Disneyland.
You can walk there.
It's not that bad.
With all the walking you do at Disneyland in a day, I don't get why you'd drive anyway.
you can especially California Ventures like right there it's the first park you hit moving that direction it's kind of sad I know that you could literally walk to Disneyland and if I'm going to be that close I've got to go maybe I should be doing a Disney podcast I don't know
I might feel a little more excited if I knew what games I was going to get to see but StarCraft 2 is out in July so maybe one of the future expansions but I'm not a StarCraft person anyway I'm assuming it's all about Diablo 3 and I guess Cataclysm if it's still not out but it's got to be in beta by that point so people are already playing it maybe they'll announce another Warcraft expansion
I mean, I don't know.
I could go off on a tangent about this.
Maybe this isn't the right forum, but I kind of think Cataclysm is less of an expansion.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I'm very excited for Cataclysm.
It sounds like an exciting expansion.
But I think this is the closest you're going to get to WoW 2.0.
Like, they're literally going back and upgrading the old game.
And they're using the Cataclysm as the retcon to do it.
So it's kind of like you're getting a little less of an upgrade with all this new stuff as you're just getting your old stuff enhanced to be competitive with newer releases.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
So I wouldn't be surprised at all if another expansion comes pretty quickly afterwards.
The actual expansion where you go out to a new area and all this stuff.
And the additional five levels you didn't see in this first expansion.
But that's just...
Are they raising the level cap again?
To 85, but not to 90.
Which is, you know, fine, whatever.
But it just kind of makes me think that they already have another expansion planned that will take it to 90.
I ultimately think WoW will stop at 100.
Level 100 seems to be a nice, even, round number, but we'll see.
Again, fanboy wank, nothing more Loki, what do you got for us?
Apparently, Edge is reporting that Project Natal will be out for $150 And October 26th, give or take a few weeks Didn't they say $100?
Oh no, that was a PlayStation move
I... I don't think... I would hope that they're smart enough not to put it out for that price.
That's how much a Wii costs, isn't it?
Yeah, and they're also, you know, basically the Xbox... Well, we know that a slim Xbox is coming out, so perhaps they're going to be bundling with that, and they're saying that they're going to be bundling with the new Xbox 360 for $300.
Um...
I don't know.
It seems awfully high.
I know the technology is probably great and all, but they've got to have learned something from Sony.
If you put it out at that kind of price point, no one's going to pick it up.
You've got a few people picking it up, but no one's going to really jump on board with it because I can get a Wii for that price.
But if there's some kick-my-ass-amazing-blow-my-hair-back game, I might pay it.
A system is only as good as the games that are on it, right?
And the advantage, though, of this over the PlayStation Move is that you have to buy this, and you're done.
There's no additional controllers yet to buy because you're basically the controller.
Do you think maybe that's their leverage?
They're going to come out and say, yes, it's $150, but maybe they're going to do a price comparison.
They'll say, if you want to buy the Wii for the whole family to play, that actually costs you $150 plus $40 plus $40 plus $40.
Right?
It's 40 plus, actually, because you're going to need nunchucks probably, so 40 plus 20, so $60.
A lot.
Another $180 on top of that.
All right, so a lot.
But they're going to say, that's going to be their leverage.
They're going to come out and say, but to buy the Xbox 360 Natal for the whole family, $300, and it plays DVDs, and it does Netflix out of the box, and da-da-da-da-da-da-da, all this stuff.
I can see it.
Again, if they have the game to justify it,
I think it needs to be sub $100, but that's just me I would say they should put it out for $99.99 You know what they should do?
Here's how they would sell a million copies You ready?
No joke, you guys are going to hate me for this All the people listening are going to cringe But I'll tell you what, they would sell a million copies of this You ready?
The Biggest Loser Video Game The Whole Family Can Play Project Natal So it's like a competitor to Wii Fit based off that TV show.
It would sell like crazy.
Number one, they put it out on the Wii.
It was already pretty successful because it came out last October and it sold pretty well.
It's already out and it was okay, but it's not a system seller.
And yeah, I understand there's going to be all those kind of party games and fitness games and stuff like that.
It's going to suck because there's going to be a ton of these crappy games coming up, but that doesn't really affect me too much because you don't have to buy them, obviously.
It's just really how much is the hardware going to cost.
That's really the thing I'm interested to find out.
But I'll find out in a few weeks.
I'm sure they're going to say a price point.
They better say a price point.
E3 is kind of the time you lay it all out on the table for the holidays.
I would expect...
well here's the other thing you may not get specific dates but you're gonna get I think you'll get prices and you're gonna get a pretty good understanding of what that blow your hair back game is that they're putting behind whether it be Fable 3 the Milo thing and I said that a long time ago it's gonna be Gears 3 I did remember I said why because they were hiding that game for the longest time you know Gears is a pretty successful franchise and they just recently announced Gears 3 and I think it's gotten a ton of support
Here's the other thing I'm thinking, though, is that one of the, I guess, conspiracy theories about it was that they were saying that they originally were rumoring that it was going to be like 50 bucks for the game, for the actual thing, and that now they're putting out this rumor that it's going to be $150 so they can come back and put it out for $99.
So those people that are hoping that it was $50 aren't as disappointed, whereas the people that thought it was going to be $150 are like, hey, now it's only $99.
That's awesome.
I don't know.
If they do come out with Natal support for Gears of War 3 at E3, I want to be called from here on out Games Analyst Rob Roberts.
Games Analyst.
If I'm wrong, then I'm just some dickhead with a podcast, which is what I've always been.
Nothing new.
It could be Robert Patcher.
Stupid Michael Patcher.
I want to go on record saying Michael Patcher's a fucking douchebag.
And the reason why, because he just throws out guesses, and yet people come... That's what we do!
I understand that, but people fucking run... It's like if he comes out on his balcony to the gaming press... He's like the Pope.
He's like the Pope.
Pretty much.
He walks out, gives his declaration, and then...
I think this holiday season, game consoles will do well!
And everybody reports it like, Oh my god, oh my god, he said something!
Oh my god!
Game consoles do well!
Michael Patrick says so!
Oh my god!
You know, and it's like... Women fainting.
I just don't understand why people have... This is why, other than complaining about him, I will never mention any analysts.
I don't give a shit what an analyst thinks.
Who cares?
If that's your job, great.
I don't go asking meteorologists what the weather's going to be like.
Because they're not always right.
Would it be wrong for us to put, like in the description of our podcast, three games analysts conquer the video game news every week?
I mean, you don't really have to have a degree to call yourself an analyst, do you?
You just have to analyze the market.
Well, we've been doing that for eight years.
That's on-the-job experience, right?
Yeah.
DarkSakura, you know this legal stuff better than I do.
Can I call myself a games analyst?
Call yourself whatever you want.
Yeah.
Okay.
There you go.
Orange Lounge Radio brought to you by three expert games analysts every week.
You've been analyzing the industry for eight years.
I will go as far as saying I'm the most expert analyst of them all.
That's my opinion.
I am the most expert analyst ever.
We are the most smartest games analysts out there.
The most expertest.
I'm the smarterest of them all.
Another news story, please, before our egos inflate anymore.
Wait, wait, wait.
Michael Patcher's coming out on the balcony again.
Oh, my God.
Wait, wait, wait.
What's he saying?
Madden 11 will sell a lot.
Oh, my God.
All right, enough of that.
It's the holy word.
God's awful.
Oh, my God.
I just don't understand them.
Hate me because it's true.
Hate me because it's true.
Mama, what have you done now?
That's right.
Babysitting Mama.
Including your very own plush baby which you shove a remote down its throat in order to play.
I kid you not.
Really?
Yes, really.
That's right.
It uses a plush baby in which you have tucked a Wii remote inside, also using the nunchuck that is somehow hanging out of the plush baby.
Don't kick the baby.
You play 40 mini games in the usual Cookie Mama style, representing feeding, changing the baby, rocking it to sleep, and six different virtual babies, each with their unique personalities.
So if the baby shits everywhere, then don't worry, Mama will fix it.
I don't know.
Oh, you wanted a girl.
Don't worry, Mama will fix it.
Don't worry, Dr90210 will fix it.
I don't know.
It's weird.
They did have a game come out like this.
I think it's called My Baby.
There was a story.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It was on an Australian blog or something.
It was a Twitter topic one week.
I remember that.
Yeah, with the baby holster on the baby doll.
Oh, my gosh.
and it's also like that Wiwa thing.
Remember the doll?
Yeah, I remember Wiwa.
Did the Wiwa ever come out?
Not yet.
Interesting.
But that's going to be weird that you have to have a baby doll.
Not a damn person listening to this show is ever going to play that game.
DarkSakura is the biggest fan of Cooking Mama, I know.
DarkSakura, babysitting mama, yes or no?
I have a great idea.
No.
There you go.
No, no, no, I have the greatest idea.
Slip the baby!
High heat!
She's a games analyst, Loki, and she says it's just not interesting.
No, the best babysitting mama baby analog you could create.
So, I mean, because basically the Wii Remote has to go into something.
It doesn't necessarily have to be this doll, unless the doll is actually going to have a cord or something that's coming out of it that you can plug into your Wii Remote and actually going to be its own controller.
But assuming that's not, it's just going to be some stuff thing, we should have people take other stuff things or create your own baby out of whatever you have lying around your house.
And that might be funny.
and take pictures playing the game with it that's the game that we need to have instead of Cookie Mom or whatever we need to have this one
Y'all knew that joke was coming.
Come on.
You knew it.
You knew it.
Don't sigh.
Don't sigh at me.
It's a groan, Rob.
It's a groan because I knew.
I got a quickie story.
It's something you might hear at E3, or you might not.
I don't know.
But apparently there are rumors going around, rumors abounding that Final Fantasy XIII Versus may actually release on the Xbox 360.
Apparently that's something Squeenix is looking into.
Because they sold tons of copies of XIII.
Yeah, because Final Fantasy XIII did pretty well, so where the money is, they will follow.
The answer will be at E3 Just dropping that little tidbit out there Also one other little tidbit I wanted to drop Just because I thought this was cool Top Gun apparently is coming to PlayStation Network Not the movie It's an actual PlayStation 3 game And it'll be out on Mac and PC as well It's going to be an air combat game My hope is it's pretty much the 8-bit game But with better graphics and new stuff Right?
That's what we want, right?
I had Top Gun on the NES That was a badass game Good times Hmm
Loki, maybe one or two other stories, then we'll get to the, like, we need to do the tweets and the mailbag and all that other fun stuff.
GameStop, remember they were talking about throwing around the idea of some sort of new rewards program?
Well, now it's being beta launched, I guess, their Power Up Rewards program, and there's two different things.
You can get a card for free.
Wait, first off, is this something that they will try to force on me with every purchase?
It's basically the same thing.
You'll see it's not very different than what they're offering right now.
Oh, okay.
So they have a card that you can get for free that you don't really do anything for, or a card that's the platinum card, I guess, for $14.99.
Now, here's what you get with the different cards.
The standard black card, for each dollar that you spend on new games and consoles, you get 10 points.
points that you earn on pre-owned games you earn 20 points for your trades you get 20 points 20 points per dollar there's different birthday bonuses exclusive member offers and you get entered in each time you buy something to the epic rewards giveaway and then online activation
I guess 250 points and if you establish a game library with them you get 250 points now with the platinum card you get basically all that plus you in the epic rewards giveaway thing you get two entries
If you upgrade to the pro tier, you get an extra 250 points.
You get a one-time buy-to-get-one-free offer for pre-owned games.
You get 10% bonuses on points for your purchases, 10% on pre-owned purchase discount, I guess, and 10% trade bonus.
And, of course, 12 issues of Game Informer.
So basically, you get the same shit that you get now, except there's this point system that you can trade in for different things, including, like, I guess you can get, you know, gift cards, free controllers, but the prices on them were just absolutely ridiculous.
Like, you have to basically spend $4,000 to get a... Oh my god.
Well, the way...
and the sad thing is the extra $5 I have to pay online to play it online now it will not count towards this yeah basically it says the rewards range from coupons for $5 to $10 off purchases and that ranges from 4,000 to 8,000 points you can even get a free Xbox 360 controller or Eternal Beach X11 headset for 40,000 points 40,000 points course would equal about $4,000 spent on new games
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But hey, I mean, if you're really dead set on spending your money at GameStop anyways, you might as well get the card because at least you're earning some points towards something.
But, I mean, I don't know.
Just like I had this thing at Petco where I, like, buy cat food and stuff.
I'm supposed to, like, buy ten bags of cat food and I get one free, but it's within a certain time limit and that never happens.
And you might as well because you're buying cat food at... No, it never happens.
It never happens because they don't go through that much cat food.
You don't have enough cats.
You need more cats.
I'd have to have, like, tons of cats, yeah.
You need more cats.
Yeah.
Alright, how about a quick story, then we'll go to Twitter.
Alright, UFC Undisputed 2010 just was released yesterday, and unlockable is Shaq.
That's right, you can play a little Shaq-fu with Shaquille O'Neal, and there's actually an easy code to do that.
On the Xbox 360, at the main menu, you would hit down, up, left, down, down, left, up, down, down, left, X, Y, Y, X, and then start.
On PlayStation 3, it would be down, up, left, down, down, left, up, down, down, left, square, triangle, triangle, square, start.
So there you go.
There's your pro tip for the day.
Right.
Because I know everybody's just running out to put that code in right now.
Let's do some Twitter topics, huh?
We may not have a chat room tonight, but we still have all you kids on Twitter.
The nice thing about doing this midweek is we kind of get some different people.
We catch different people.
Because a lot of folks that don't listen to us live don't because they have other things going on Sunday night.
But it looks like we've got a little bit of a different crowd tonight.
Let's see.
Rockman Rock sends us a tweet that says, You thought the movie The Human Centipede was a bad idea?
Just wait until you play the game.
That's right.
There's a Human Centipede game that I got linked to here at Newgrounds that I could play, but I don't know if I want to because the Human Centipede is fucking gross.
Yeah, but it's a centipede.
Let me just do this.
I need to see this.
You are a doctor.
Wait, let me make this full screen here.
Wait, let me turn off the Twitter music.
We already heard the Twitter music tonight.
Shut up, Santa.
All right, let's see.
You are Dr. Heider, a brilliant German surgeon who's gone mad and surgically attached people.
Ask to mouth to create the human centipede.
Your parents are not pleased.
You must take your trusty rifle and put down these human centipedes like the bad dogs they are.
Whatever.
Oh, look, there's some little people with their mouths on their butts, and they're worth ten points, and it looks like... Oh, that's not very gross.
It's just digital.
It's like little, uh... Let's see, we can do mouse controls.
Mouths to move, and left click to fire.
Oh, this is just Centipede.
Ha, but the Centipede... I get it.
It's the human Centipede.
This sounds alright.
This is totally a hacked version of it.
Oh, there's a police officer.
Oh, and I just shot him to bits.
Woohoo!
Yay, I beat the first stage.
They change colors really stupidly.
Yeah, that's a little dumb.
Thanks, anyway.
A little dumb.
Uh, let's see.
Blade 3, or Blade III.
How about... It says Blade E!
Blade E!
How about new Facebook privacy finally fixes games, annoying achievements being posted everywhere.
Did you hear about this?
Facebook's been in the news a lot, and I guess they came out today.
Well, they came out a couple days ago, and I love the Facebook CEO, because he's such a bro.
He looks like that total douchebag frat guy.
He's running this multi-billion dollar company.
He came out a couple days ago and literally said the corporate equivalent of... Oh yeah, my bad.
My bad on that one, guys.
Sorry, guys.
My bad.
I forgot the keg.
My bad.
That's pretty much what happened a couple days ago.
Well, they came out today and talked about that basically they're going to have to dumb down the privacy because too many people are getting information used that they don't want to be used.
The biggest problem is that Facebook sets a lot of things to public by default without really giving you enough warning.
That's the biggest problem I always had with it, but it sounds like they're getting rid of that.
They're going to make it really easy to block applications, which includes...
games so if you want to just block all the fucking Facebook apps and all the games one click done how about that DarkSakura you won't have to read any of that crap ever again sweet at least that's what it's sounding like we'll see I guess we won't really know until later tonight when it's implemented maybe it's on there now I don't know
Let's see, SpongeTwang wants to tell us that he is going to a medium-sized anime con.
Not a big one, not a small one.
It's a medium-sized anime con in Boise, Idaho.
Anime Oasis.
Are there Oasis's in Boise?
I don't know.
Oasis?
Oasis?
Oasis.
Oasis.
Are they in Boise?
Boise Oasis?
Anyways, check out the game room.
Sponge20 is going to check out the game room at Anime Oasis 2010.
Yes, please, let us know.
We like the anime cons, but we like the gaming room reports, especially.
Popo Inger.
I know this guy.
This is my buddy Jer on Facebook.
He's probably on Facebook too, but LiveJournal.
Popo and Jer says, or it's Pop on Jer.
I like Popo and Jer better.
Although it might be Pop on Jer.
Says, Rob's giggle sounds like the Riddler from the old Batman series.
Just saying.
DarkSakura.com
Screw this.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
That's right.
That was when Batman was awesome.
GGBeat wants us to talk about how Jet Set Radio should go to Xbox Live Arcade.
It would be awesome.
I agree.
It should go to Xbox Live Arcade.
It would be awesome.
There should just be a new Jet Set game, period.
I thought it was coming to Xbox Live Arcade.
Was that something that was spoiled on the partner net or whatever?
I think it was one of the ones spoiled on the partner net.
I can't remember.
There is a lot of Dreamcast stuff coming to Xbox Live Arcade at some point.
GGB, you need to cross your fingers, cross your toes, hold your breath, and hope for a miracle at E3.
Yeah, they'll probably show it at E3.
Maybe that'll be the game.
You know how sometimes at E3 there's a game that they go, and it's out right now?
Wasn't that Doom a couple years ago?
They came out and said, Doom will be available tonight.
Right?
Ironically, Doom 2.
Maybe, maybe, GGB, say a prayer, light a candle, whatever, a satanic chant, whatever it is you want to do.
I would guess Sonic Adventure over that, because that's actually leaked out already.
Oh, you never know.
MNZiba wants us to talk about this game Rhizome that is going open source pretty interesting when an MMO goes open source ooh this is cute I've never seen this I don't know if that's the same game or if that's the website but there's this cute little background with like a little raccoon with a hard hat on and it's a cute little character well whatever anyhow Winchgate who is developing and publishing Rhizome they have announced that the science fantasy MMO Rhizome it's open source
That's kind of neat, an MMO going open source.
Can you install Linux on the MMO?
Probably.
You can now use the Rhizome Core Toolkit to make mods or enhancements to the existing code and even develop your own virtual world.
Wow, that's pretty crazy.
Who knows what might come of that?
Well, thanks for the heads up.
If we have any programmers that want to make the OLR MMO, go for it.
The Sague wants us to mention, how about the Supreme Court hearings in October about the California video games law?
Oh yeah, that's going to be a big deal.
Whatever happens because of that, I mean, it will be, you know, the Supreme Court's supposed to be the end of the line, the highest court in the land.
Hopefully we'll be the last we hear on it.
I just feel like I just don't know enough about the law.
I might be a games analyst, but I don't really know enough to really say what's going to happen with this.
Of course I want it to be struck down.
Of course I think the whole thing is a little silly.
But I have no legal basis to say it will or it won't.
Do you guys have any thoughts?
The California video games law?
The California law will make it illegal to sell the game, right?
I don't remember the specifics about it.
I'd have to look that up real quick.
What's the problem with doing a freeform show?
You haven't really researched your topics.
I think we're going to see... I really don't see that it would fly.
I mean, haven't they tried before?
Let's see.
The California law imposes restrictions on and a labeling requirement with respect to the sale or rental of violent video games to minors.
Several other states have passed similar laws and others may well be watching the case.
The stakes extend beyond California.
I remember this now because the verbiage in the law was very vague.
I remember this.
It didn't really state how a game was... It was very...
gray area type of thing on what constituted a violent game and hopefully that's going to be the same thing that does the law in but we'll see I don't know
We'll see what happens.
Butch Kawa says, might be a late one.
No, you got in just in the wire.
But the topic of heavy rain rights might go to a movie deal.
Trivializing the game or just trying to cash in?
Heavy rain movie.
Also, I'll piggyback on this.
I wanted to say I read this week a Mass Effect movie was sold to Legendary Pictures too.
What do you think?
These games are pretty epic to begin with.
I mean, they're a little different.
Matt's effect would be kind of hard to condense down in the movie.
Heavy Rain I could see it because it pretty much played out like a movie, so why not?
As long as the Jason scene's in it.
Jason!
Jason!
Jason!
Jason!
Did you see the Press X Jason music video today?
I did, actually.
That was awesome.
Good stuff.
As long as they have the Jason scene in it, Bochikawa, I'm cool.
But of course, I don't necessarily think it's trivializing the game.
It's trying to cash in.
They realize that the game is done pretty well and will have a built-in audience to go see it.
And they can probably make the movie relatively cheap.
Speaking of which, I'm kind of curious to see how Prince of Persia does because we might actually have a mainstream video game movie that does well.
With no Persians in it.
Imagine that.
I know.
It's so whitewashed.
I think I saw something on Yahoo where the headline was Prince of Persia called offensive.
They're talking the movie, not the game.
But it had to do, it was a story about that and the movie they can't call Avatar, The Last Airbender, because they're all whitewashed.
Well, if they can't find Persian actors that are, you know, good enough for those parts.
I think that's a little silly, but, I mean, Jake Gyllenhaal, of course, is an A-list actor.
There's going to be lots of people, maybe myself included, that will want to see the movie.
Don't mind me while I sound really racist here, but, you know, who would they get to play, like, these Persian roles?
Would they have, like, Cal Penn or something, you know, playing the major, you know, lead in this?
Yeah.
I think you only need one or two A-list actors.
To take a step back, I think that kind of says something about our society in general where you've only got one or two guys to pick from.
Was Aladdin Persian?
I don't remember him being very Persian in the cartoon.
He was pretty white.
I think that says something about a much larger problem of society.
What, the Disney one?
Yeah.
He looked Middle Eastern.
Let me say this.
There's an Aladdin stage show at California.
Now you are making me do a Disney podcast.
Yay.
There's an Aladdin stage show at California Adventure.
And the last time I saw it, the Jafar they had playing it was a black guy.
Thanks for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Also, can I just say this real quick?
They had a girl in the ensemble in a wheelchair, a power wheelchair in the ensemble.
And she was actually pretty fierce, I gotta say, because they were kind of smart with how they integrated her into all the dance numbers and everything.
during a whole new world where the ensemble will come out and they're carrying famous buildings and so forth I shit you not she had pyramids tied to the back of her wheelchair and she'd kind of ride along with everybody else and she's singing and she fits right in it was it was great to see you know why I like to see that because there's a lot of handicapped kids that go to Disneyland and for them to be able to see that that if they want to do that they can I think that's great personally
Boy, we're getting into... These topics are too deep.
We need dick and fart jokes.
Help.
We're done with Twitter.
Twitter.com.
I burped.
Did that help?
Yeah.
Well, there's a game coming out called Warriors of Alasia, and it's basically bikini-clad women fighting each other, Mortal Kombat style.
And they have a lot of bikini-clad women that are promoting it as well.
Boobs!
Did a lot of the artwork for My Sims
And draws chicks with big boobs.
She does.
Very, very big boobs.
She does, and she has a comic that she works on.
Her name is Genevieve, by the way.
She works on, and I believe her...
I'm trying to remember who her other artist is that she works with.
I want to say his name is Robert.
I don't know.
Forgive me if I got that wrong.
Anyways, they have a comic that they work on called Islands in the Sky.
And it's basically this big boob chick that goes around stealing people's food in these different islands in the sky.
And putting them in her boobs, apparently.
Pretty much.
But as kind of an exclusive thing at Fanime, they're going to be selling... And I don't know how the hell they got these made, but it's just awesome.
They're going to be selling...
Boob Mouse Pads and they have one that's semi-tame but still she's got big boobs.
Then they have one that's just all out topless but you can actually purchase those.
Nasty and perverse.
She'll be on Artist Row, I believe, booth 301.
So if unrealistically proportioned women is your thing, then Islands in the Sky is for you.
Exactly.
So say hi to Genevieve.
She's awesome.
Tell them OLR sent you.
Yes.
You know,
Great artists.
And recommended the boobies.
That's right.
Not much has changed.
No, but she's cool.
Huge monster.
These boobs were endorsed by Loki.
Yes.
How about, um, I don't know, do we want to do, like, Mailbag?
Do we have Mailbag ready to go?
Do we have some emails we can read tonight?
I... I didn't pull up Mailbag.
Can we... Well, let's, uh... A quick story if you want to pull up Mailbag.
Yeah, pull up Mailbag while we do another quick story.
So, that game Super Mario Crossover was pretty awesome.
The flash game where you can play Super Mario Bros.
with a bunch of different characters.
Well, one of the characters that they talked about adding in there that they never really got a chance to do that was Ryu Hayabasa.
or Hayabusa and they have now added him in there or at least they're going to very soon.
They have a video teasing it and he has of course his wall climb moves and he throws ninja stars and what not so that's awesome.
Can't wait to play that version of it.
And that's that game you really love to play that has like the Contra characters.
Oh yeah.
Good times.
Sweet.
Good times.
Alright, DarkSakura is prepared to dive into the mailbag headfirst.
Our mailbag, of course, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
And she's going to dive in headfirst and pick out an email to read, or two, or three, or fifteen, depending on how many people.
Three.
Email this this week.
DarkSakura, go to it.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com if you would like to participate.
Please do.
Hey guys, Sterlach here.
I've tried calling about this a couple of times but I've been unable to get through.
I was surprised that Loki actually brought the closure of Nintendo PowerLine up as I've known this for a while.
I wanted to clarify what the PowerLine actually is.
It's a line you can call to get walkthroughs and tips for games instead of talking to live individuals.
The walkthroughs are automated with a menu interface which makes it quite easy to find the specific information you're looking for on a particular game.
I have very fond memories of running up my parents' phone bill back in the day.
Although this is only a regular long distance call, not even a 900 number.
The thing I always liked about the power line is that they will frequently have music from the games in question in the background over the person giving the information.
By the way, I do want to point out that that may be how it is around these days.
When I was in high school, you talked to a person.
Go watch The Wizard, there's actually a scene where they call the game counselor, it's pretty epic I just sat and jawed with some guy one day about weird Zelda stuff and prototype games one time because I was bored I get what he's saying though, he's telling us that it's different because I think we were reminiscing about that on last week's show and he's trying to tell us it's a little bit different now than it was then
Since I have a lot of memories of this line, I've actually been working to record every last game from it I can.
I know I'm probably the only person on the faceless planet who actually gives a fuck about this, but it's something I'm passionate about.
I see it as part of my childhood in a way, and I don't want to see it go away entirely.
It's a neat little artifact of the 90s, and if nothing else, I'm sorry, if nothing else, sorry for the rambling nature of this message, but this is something I feel quite strongly about.
You might actually be able to petition Nintendo to actually put out like DVDs of their Ivor or something.
If you've
I feel strongly about it.
Go for it.
I think that's actually kind of cool if he's recording stuff.
I don't even know if you have this ability at all, but if you've been recording it and you can make MP3s of it, send us one.
I'll play one on the show.
I think it'll be kind of fun to listen to.
Send us one that you think is really cool.
This one is from Doug or Dragon Boy.
Hi, Doug Dragon Boy.
I was wondering if any of you are playing any PS1 games on your PSPs I have 23 PS1 games now on my he wrote no, it's supposed to be now on my PSP Go and I love playing them as many PS1 games are far better than PSP games that are available Keep up the great work on the podcast I'm a loyal listener and your podcast is without a doubt my favorite Dragon Boy Aw, thank you PS1 games on the PSP?
Do they ever do Jumping Flash?
Yes, they did.
Did get Jumping Flash if you don't have it.
Um Jamalami is a great music game.
A lot of fun.
Um Jamalami.
And, of course, that's one I play, personally.
Suikoden.
I have the original, and I've played that on the PSP before.
That's fun.
And Final Fantasy VII.
Yeah.
You might as well go.
You know what?
All the fanboy wank is there for a reason.
Final Fantasy VII is pretty good.
Not the best Final Fantasy game they ever made, but pretty darn good.
Okay, this last one from RubbaBuh.
Maybe iPad Nano?
I only suggested that on the last OLR episode because the leaked iPhone images are designed to match the iPad.
If it played iPad apps, it would be a way around the contract with AT&T.
The iPad itself seems like it would qualify as a non-phone since it has no phone capability.
Well, isn't that what the iPod Touch is for?
I'm pretty sure the AT&T network is used for the iPad for access to the App Store.
By the way, I have an iPad and a netbook, and the iPad is just better.
Let's keep an eye out for an Apple-branded phone for Verizon, you know.
I still want an iPad.
I love my netbook, though.
Now the rumor is Apple's going to team up with Sprint.
Let's hope not.
Well, that's done.
Alright, if you really want to do that.
Alright.
Well, thanks for the emails, guys.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us some more.
A couple more news stories?
Do we have any more?
We done?
We still have the Classic Game of the Week, and we'll get to that in a minute, but any more news stories for us, Loki?
Uh...
not really don't have anything I got one I'll do a couple quick ones I have a couple here that I can do and then classic game of the week we'll close up shop Dragon Quest 9 Sentinels of the Starry Skies July 11th finally here in the US translated and ready for US consumption 4.2 million sold in Japan and it's finally making its way over here Dragon Quest 9 Sentinels of the Starry Skies on the Nintendo DS
That's too bad I knew about that weeks ago.
Well, I should have mentioned something.
I always see this stuff.
I'm like, damn you, Loki.
That's all right.
It's like not news for me.
The crackdown thing's really interesting, but again, I hope they're really wrong.
I really do hope they're wrong.
Outro
The 1600 point card was the best selling accessory.
I'm surprised live subscriptions aren't and you know why?
Because if you've ever tried to buy a live subscription with a credit card on their service, you're stuck in this stupid auto renewing shit and it sucks.
Getting out of it is near impossible.
So I tell you man, if you really are limited on money, spend the time to go out and buy one of those memberships because it's
It's a lot better to buy it at a store and have it, you know, dumped down to silver again than having it auto-bring you all the time and you can't get rid of it.
It's awful.
All right.
Let's go to the classic game of the week.
You ready for this, DarkSakura?
May as well be.
All right.
Every week on the program... Wait, where's my... Oh, my gosh.
You know it's freeform tonight because everything's broken.
I don't have the... I don't have the song.
Where's the song?
There it is.
Classic Game of the Week.
Every week, DarkSakura goes into the vault and picks out a classic game.
She says, hey, you kids, get off my lawn.
Hey, listen.
And go play this game.
A classic game that we all grew up on.
I don't know.
What constitutes a classic game?
It's old.
All right.
What is this week's Classic Game of the Week, DarkSakura?
Keeper Mania.
Don't cry, true loneliness stars
It's not terrible.
It's a B-.
And it's not... It's not an easy song to play.
No.
Especially since this person's doing doubles.
Let's go to the real song here, and then DarkSakura can tell us a little bit about the game.
Which, by the way, this is one of my favorite songs totally in this game.
But actually, I really like it better in pop music, but anyway...
So, um, Keyboard Mania is one of the Bimani games.
It has two, um, 24-key keyboards.
And, um, the different notes that come down correspond to a different key on the keyboard.
Um, and, um, also there's this, you know how Beatmania had the BM98 simulator?
Um, there's one called Do-Re-Mi for a Keyboard Mania simulator for him.
I get it.
Do, a deer, a female deer.
Anyway, so we got out Keyboard Mania, then Keyboard Heaven, which is the Korean version of Keyboard Mania.
And then Keyboard Mania 2nd Mix, and Keyboard Mania 3rd Mix.
3rd Mix actually linked to Drum Mania 4th, Guitar Freaks 5th, and Drum Mania 5th, Guitar Freaks 6th, for certain songs.
Because we used to have...
Epic Days at Roseville Golf Land.
One of the few arcades anywhere that had that.
There's pictures of all of us.
Amazing.
Playing.
Like Jamie would do drums.
I would always do drums.
And like Bradley would do guitar.
I don't know if Loki was playing with us then.
I probably was playing guitar with the other side of the keyboard.
Good times.
You'd always pick keyboard.
Can I play one of my favorite songs?
Go for it.
From Keyboard Mania.
This kind of sounds like a song that was in like As long as it's not Henry Henry.
No, it's not.
This is like a song that would be like an act raise or something.
This is Cue No Tame No Sonata.
Yeah.
This sounds like the overworld music in Actraiser to me.
I think it is.
Like, remember when you were managing your people?
This is one of my favorite songs in Keyboard Mania.
We'll play a little bit of this, then I'll do the Castlevania song.
Yeah, the Akumajo medley.
Anyway, there's actually three songs, though, that were big carryover songs into other Bimani games.
That was Frozen Ray, Pink Rose, which we played earlier, and The Least Hundred Seconds, which we should actually play that too, Rob.
I love Frozen Ray though.
But Keyboard Mania had two home versions.
There was Keyboard Mania and then Keyboard Mania 2 which was the second and third mix.
And it had basically the arcade style controller.
I don't see any other way that you could have had the full arcade-style controller like they brought out for 2DX and DDR and all that.
Except with the other way is that if you had the Windows PC version, you'd get a Yamaha EZ250i keyboard to play it.
Which one do you got there?
Oh, yeah.
Someone's butchering it a little bit.
They're doing pretty good.
This is about as good as I would do, probably.
And I love how, on the interface, when it has the little background music screen up there from the arcade.
The wheel thing always weirded me out, though.
Like, what the hell was that?
It's your scratch.
Yeah, but it was a little dumb.
It was a little dumb.
And it felt kind of, I'm kind of glad that hopefully if we get this keyboard thing in Rock Band, it probably won't have that.
But, I mean, really, there's not much else to say about it other than what I've said, you know.
It was fairly short-lived for the Bimani series, and, you know, it's sad that it didn't do better.
You know, it was really difficult, though.
This is one of the few songs, because when you did that multi-session, there was probably like six songs you could play.
This is one of them, at least 100 seconds.
I love this game.
This was my favorite Bomani game.
There were about 12.
Oh, okay.
Because you could also do, I think there was also a version of Ride on Time.
I'm pretty sure there was.
Good stuff.
I don't remember though, and I want to say it didn't have it.
Because keep in mind, I've got Drum Mania 4th, Guitar Freaks 5th for home.
And Keyboard Mania.
And I don't think it had Super Session Mode for the 3rd.
No, not on the home version.
So, which made me very sad because I was all like, yeah, Super Session, and no.
The 2-3 mix came out way later, too.
Like, the first one was out, and people just were pretty convinced that others were never coming out.
I think I had the first one, and then I borrowed yours for the longest time.
Because, I mean, we basically, I think for a while, had Communal Bimani.
Yeah, pretty much.
Good times Yeah
Did you find me a Frozen Ray, Rob?
You want Frozen Ray?
I'd like a Frozen Ray.
We'll close out with a little bit of Frozen Ray here for the classic game of the week.
And let's see.
Here we go.
Here's from the PS2.
Somebody's selecting on the mini list.
There we go.
Good job.
What I really liked about this game is that if you could memorize the note patterns, you could play the song on a real piano.
It was the one Bamani game.
It was the closest thing to a real simulator.
See, when I was like five years old, I started taking organ lessons.
The Game of the Week is Keyboard Mania.
If none of you played it, you poor, deprived people.
Go check it out.
If you can, good luck.
I'm sure the keytar thing will be pretty cool, but it's never going to be as cool as Keyboard Mania.
Keytar freaks.
Keyboard Mania is still, I think, at Milpitas Golf Land, at least.
I think.
Last time I was there.
Might still be there.
I don't know.
It's been a little while.
I know.
Ours has been gone for ages.
All right.
One more segment we have to do on this show every week.
It's just mandatory for no other reason than sometimes we have to vent a little bit.
Pfft.
FUs of the week, DarkSakura FU to the place which shall not be named Loki
Um, FB to the fact that, uh, this weather changing, it's like rain, sun, rain, sun, rain, sun, is really fucking with my allergies.
Uh, yeah, I've been getting headaches the last few days, I just took some Tylenol before I came over here.
My throat now is really dry and scratchy, but I think that's from yelling a lot during the show.
You know, imitating Michael Patcher really takes a toll on you.
My FU goes to myself.
Actually, most things in life are pretty good right now.
I can't complain.
FU to myself, though, because every time I start a pattern of good eating habits, I guess you could say a diet, if you will, I break it within a week and a half.
There's always something that breaks me, and this time it was vacation.
Good for you.
Good for you.
That's great.
Wish I could lose 16 pounds, bitch.
Alright.
You were on your involuntary toast diet.
Yeah, that was bad.
That was bad.
You know things are bad when you kind of almost wish you would get sick again so you could be that thin again.
Death by Pneumonia
Yay, unnamed healthcare company that Jamie has.
I called it The Plague.
All right.
Let's wrap up.
We're done.
We don't have any other game stories, right, Loki?
You burned through them all.
We're good.
Yeah, we're done.
DarkSakura.
All right, Loki's ready to go.
Actually, I thought we'd... It's hot in here.
I thought we'd only be going an hour.
We gave you two.
What the hell are you thinking?
Hey, you were here too, lady.
It's my house.
It's my house.
If you don't like it, you get the fuck out.
Then I am.
Good night.
Bye.
Goodbye.
You've been listening.
No, we have to do final thoughts.
We can't do that yet.
Final thoughts.
Hey, my final thought was, this is my house.
If you don't like it, you get the fuck out.
Loki, your final thought.
I can't wait to edit some more Grand Theft Auto.
It's going to be awesome.
Hire me.
My final thought is I'm stopping getting fast food on the way home and ruining my diet some more.
Yay!
I did that today because I bought the wrong kind of bread.
You know, I buy this like, you know, whole wheat bread or whatever.
And I bought the wrong brand so it was really, it just had the wrong texture and just tasted weird.
So I'm like, McDonald's!
But I've been pretty good.
I haven't been going to fast food except for today.
My other final thought, my mom's going to be pissed when she finds out who won American Idol.
Who did?
Lee, Dwight, or whatever.
Which one was that?
He sucked last night.
I haven't watched any of this season.
I know.
I barely do.
I did like that Crystal Bauer song because I thought she was good because somebody showed me her Alanis cover.
And apparently Alanis came out to duet with her tonight.
Okay, I have to see that.
That I have to see.
Did you see the little show last night?
That's the girl with the dreads, right?
No, no.
I heard she blew... He sucked last night, but... That was the chick with the dreads, right?
Yeah.
Oh, she's cool.
Yeah.
No, she lost.
Just like Adam Lambert lost last year.
You know what?
I did, I did actually... My mom's gonna be... You know what?
You wanna call my mom and tell her?
Okay.
Okay, hold on.
By the way, Rob.
What?
I have to tell you, I did actually buy some of the stuff off of Allison Irohita's album.
Clearly the game part of the show is over, so if you were here for the video games, then goodnight.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Don't talk over the disclaimer!
No, I talk over the disclaimer.
Blah, blah, blah.
All games, listen to them, they roll.
Yes, I do.
But they do have micropencher.
See you next week.
No, we won't.
All right, there we go.
Let's see.
We'll see you in two weeks.
Let's go on.
She's watching it right now, too.
Your mom's so funny.
Oh, don't ruin it for her.
Oh, then we're calling right now.
Hello?
Hi, Mom.
Who is this?
It's Rob, your kid
I already know who won.
Why are you laughing?
Why are you laughing?
We're on the radio right now and I was calling because I read it on the internet and I wanted to spoil it for you.
I got on the internet at 7 o'clock.
I'm not stupid.
She was robbed.
This is weird.
My mother a year ago you made me go online and look it up.
You didn't know how to do this.
Yeah, but I don't need your help anymore.
Is this why you decided to... Did you hear that?
You got served.
I'm not on the radio, am I?
Yeah, you are.
It's okay.
You don't mind, do you?
My mom said that I had to text her and warn her before we call.
Mom, this is the part after the credits, so no one's listening.
It's cool.
But are you watching the finale anyway?
I didn't watch the first half.
I said, I'm not going to watch it because I'm too mad.
And then I couldn't stand it, so I turned it on.
Now, did you or did you not tell me last year?
First off, who should have won last year?
Adam.
I know, right?
And why should Adam have won last year?
Because he was by far the best.
And what made him the best?
He just was.
He was more of a showman.
He was the best.
That's why that Chris guy is selling his stuff on QVC and Adam's touring.
I did like Allison.
Explain why... Yes, I liked Allison too and she's doing okay because I saw her on the... I bought her album.
It's actually really good.
Hold on.
You guys are talking last year's news.
I want to talk this year again.
Hey, I'm still reeling over David Cook.
Pardon me.
Well, okay.
Like last night, I mean, Lee stunk.
His first single's going to be A Beautiful Day, and it was awful.
It was just terrible.
I know it was terrible.
And the one that she did was really good, and I was hoping that would come out on...
on a CD because I'd like to buy it.
Don't you think the runner-ups often fare better unless you're the beatboxing guy?
In the last few years, they have.
And the reason they have is because, and I've told you this before, it becomes a popularity contest in the end and the little girls all vote for the cute guys.
Except for David Cook because I thought Archuleta did not have nearly the talent that David Cook had.
Well, I think it wasn't so much that he didn't have the talent, but he was really young.
That was my mother respectfully disagreeing with you.
Did you hear that?
Did you hear her look for the politically correct?
I honestly, personally, I think that David Cook had better stage presence, but that's me.
Well, he probably did, but he was older and more mature.
and I think the same way this year with Aaron because I thought Aaron was really a good singer but he was only 17 and he didn't have the
you know, he didn't have the charisma and stuff I had him in my third place spot I was picking, well originally because we had a work pool for this I had Crystal, Casey and Aaron, because Lee at the time, I mean it was like a good you know, before I think it was at the top ten he didn't start out to be one of the better ones he just kind of sucked he just sounded like a bunch of mainstream artists now I like Big Mike too
I have to ask you this, because you said last year, when Adam lost last year, you said, and I quote, I am never watching that show again, because the person that should win never does.
And yet, you watched this year... No, they used to, but lately it hasn't been that way.
Well, did Ruben deserve to beat Clay?
No, Clay deserved it by far.
Okay, actually, if you don't mind me asking, because I'm of two minds about this too, did you prefer Carrie Underwood or Bo Bice?
Oh, I preferred Carrie Underwood.
Most of the time I've been for the person that's won, there's been a few times though that I thought the second place one should have won.
See, I'm from Alabama, so Bo Bice automatically got my vote.
And he sang with Leonard Skinner.
How could he go wrong with that?
Okay, I have to ask my mother though.
Mom, are you going to make the threat that you're not watching next year?
I don't think with Simon gone, I don't think it's going to be nearly as popular.
Our diva's leaving.
Who do you think should replace Simon?
I don't think there's anybody that can be replaced.
It's just like when they took Paula off.
The show lost something.
No.
You know who I want to replace, Simon?
Graham Norton.
Who?
Graham Norton, he's a talk show host.
He's funny.
What about Perez Hilton?
Well, some people have suggested Howard Stern too.
He wants to do it.
I don't think that's a good idea.
No, Howard Stern, it's like a big joke gone out of control and Perez Hilton is just a bitch.
And it would turn into a dirty show if Howard Stern got on there.
What else was I going to say?
The X Factor, Simon's new show that Paula is rumored to be a judge on.
Suddenly it's the reality TV podcast.
No, no, she's got a dance show.
She's going to do a dance show.
Where have you been?
Are you under a rock or something?
Sorry, I'm doing a show on video games.
Hey, hold on.
I'm a games analyst.
Did you hear?
No.
How'd you get to be a games analyst?
I told Robby was.
Yeah, Jamie told me I was.
He was endorsed.
In other words, you're a games analyst in your own mind.
Well, okay, sure.
That's not what my business card says, but sure.
I'm an authority idol in my own mind, too.
I just use my female powers of always being right to make Rob an analyst.
X Factor, yes or no?
Are you going to watch it?
Probably because I think it'll be a much better show because it won't be relying on the public to pick the winner.
Okay, one more, then I promise I'm wrapping this up.
That little 11-year-old kid that Ellen DeGeneres, I know you watch her show every day, right?
Absolutely great.
He's got that Bieber kid beat to it.
I mean, he's so much better.
This is why I love my mother.
His name is Chance.
His first name is Grayson.
Grayson?
Yeah, Grayson Chance.
He's absolutely great.
Did you watch Glee last night?
No.
They did Gaga.
Where were you?
How come you didn't see it?
Okay, wait, wait.
I have to ask my mother this about this whole thing with... Rob, I adore your mom.
I know.
She's pretty cool, right?
Oh, now I forgot what I was going to ask about the... Glee.
No, not Glee.
Before that, the Grayson chants and the... Yeah.
Bieber.
Oh, since you're hooked up to the internet now, you know how to use Google?
How to use Google?
Yeah, absolutely There's probably a lot of them with that haircut he's got This is my mother, but it's funny My mom likes Lady Gaga, do you like Lady Gaga?
Yeah She didn't used to She thought Lady Gaga was disgusting But then when I said, no, Lady Gaga's cool My mom came around I'm still not coming around I never said she was disgusting I've never really paid that much attention to her You said when she did that performance Where she set the piano on fire And did the whiskey bottles and stuff You were like, oh no You were mad because Adam Lambert Got in trouble over kissing a guy
and everybody else had like grabbed their crotch and everything, right?
And worse things were done by other people and they didn't pay attention to it.
That's what made me mad.
That's what he said.
He said himself is like, well, if all these other people can get away with it, why shouldn't I be able to?
Exactly on the same show.
I can't remember.
Was it Janet Jackson?
I don't remember.
Somebody did something worse.
All right.
And they didn't even say anything.
I think
but I think he's getting past that now and I'm glad because I don't think people you know, they're not being that judgmental about him anymore.
Alright, we have to wrap up this extremely random epilogue that's had nothing to do with video games whatsoever.
Is there any video games you're excited about?
There's an American Idol video game.
Yeah, are there any video games you're excited about, Mom?
I don't do video games.
Are you going to play Farmville?
I absolutely know nothing about video games.
Farmville?
Farmville?
Is that the one that my friend was playing on the internet where you own a farm and you try to make money?
She knows Farmville.
There you go.
See?
She's a bigger gamer.
Well, she was playing that on the internet.
She got hooked on it.
You officially know more about the internet than my grandmother does.
Congratulations.
I don't know.
I don't know a lot.
She's come a long way in a year.
No, I...
I don't want to give out my mom's email on the show, but it's really funny.
Absolutely not.
No, I'm not going to.
I'm not, but it's really funny.
Like, if you know her email, it's really funny.
But I actually remember a couple years ago when, actually, we gave you a call a few years ago and tried to ask you about something and you didn't know because it was online.
And now, you know, my mom's on the internet.
My grandmother's on the internet now.
My dad is on Facebook.
I think the apocalypse is happening.
Why do you not want to go on Facebook?
Because I don't want to put my face on there for a day's see.
All right.
Mom, we got to wrap up and put the nail in the coffin at the show.
But thanks for being a good sport.
It was good talking to you again.
Okay.
I hope the right person runs next year, Mom.
All right.
Bye.
Bye.
I love you.
Oh, she's talking about me.
I love your mom wicked woman alright okay so Rob next show that we do we're calling my mother you have to call her early though alright text her and get it arranged alright we really are wrapping up and it really is a night goodnight everybody thanks for tuning in thank you for supporting our show if you like the show I forgot to say this earlier please post a nice review about us on iTunes and all that stuff tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word blah blah blah the end here's the ending theme one more time to take us out goodnight
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
To join us for a live show, visit www.allgames.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific Time.
The views and opinions expressed on Orange Lounge Radio do not necessarily reflect those of the entire staff of Orange Lounge Radio or allgames.com, but we're probably right anyway.
See you next week!
Thanks for watching!
