Tonight, May 16th, 2010, EA gets set to sell a controversial new online pass, more details are forming on Mega Man Online, and Steam gives away a game totally free.
Hello, my friends, and welcome to episode number 367 of Orange Lounge Radio, the video game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-hosts.
First on up, the one, the only, the fabulous DarkSakura.
Here's my impression of Rob earlier.
What?
What episode number is this?
Okay, no.
Okay, before we went on air, because, you know, I wanted to have the episode number down.
Because I lost count, like, three years ago.
Longer than that.
You know I have to give you a hard time.
So I said, what episode number are we on?
Just kind of like a rhetorical question.
Like, I'm actually going to look it up.
Like, I don't expect DarkSakura or Loki to know it.
And Jamie in the background, she's all, 69.
I said 50 million.
Oh, did you?
I thought you said 69.
You said 69.
I thought you said 69.
I totally thought she said 69, too.
Is it 50 million?
Alright, so it's episode number 69 of Orange.
Actually, in two weeks.
No, three weeks, because there's not going to be a show in a couple weeks.
But the show after Labor Day will be episode number 369.
Brought to you by the multiples of three.
That's right.
Oh, that is weird.
Three, six, nine.
All right, anyhow.
Also, the other voice you hear over there, the one and only Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Whose favorite game, by the way, is that Rainbow Unicorn game.
It is not.
That's all you ever play on this program is Rainbow Unicorn.
That's not what I play.
I played the Werewolf Ice Cream Man one not too long ago, and I played the Mario Crossover game the other week.
I just didn't have the link for the Mario Crossover game because I was going to play that.
That was actually pretty awesome with the Contra guys blowing up all the blocks, I've got to say.
I do have the link to the Unicorn game, but that's about all I have right now.
All right, also joining us tonight, you guys in our chat room, because we do tape live every week at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com at 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show.
If you are listening to us live, please pull up a chair and join us in our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
We're going to move into a little bit of how was your gaming week.
That's how we always start off the show.
First off, Dark Sakura, I understand.
School's out for summer.
Yay!
I'm going to school in the summer.
Oh, never mind then.
But I may get to skip pre-algebra.
Because for some reason, ARC's website just let me sign up for algebra in the fall.
And I was going to do the self-study thing in the summer.
Because it's freaking pre-algebra.
So whatever.
So I may only be taking history this summer.
But that means I graduate in the fall with my...
My AA.
My eh.
Your Alcoholics Anonymous.
Good job.
Eh.
Alright, eh.
So now you'll actually have time to actually play games again.
It'll be great.
I've been playing games though.
Alright, well tell us a little bit about you.
Even though I've had like my final projects and crap due, I played, well I downloaded something for free that we'll be talking about later because everybody freaking downloaded it.
I was having to wait in the damn queue.
And then I played that stupid gay ass unicorn game.
Excuse you.
No, that's what it's called.
Oh, okay.
Well, you have to have the ass to make your unicorn be extra gay or something.
I don't know.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
You're not talking about... No, the one on Steam.
Oh, you played the pink anus game.
Anus, that was it.
I was thinking of the candy called Magic Stone or Legend of Magic Stone or something.
I got as far as looking in the stable and I was like, this is crap and turned it off.
It's also very Ingress-y.
Who haven't heard the past few episodes, there's a game on Steam, and it was Alan that brought it to our attention.
It's something about a mystical unicorn or whatever, and you see in the screenshots, there's a crafting screen or something, and one of the materials you use is A-E-N-U-S.
It's anus, but it's pink.
So it's the magical unicorn with pink anus game.
and DarkSakura bought it because she's a consumer whore.
And how.
But no, like, I tried to, it's really like a click and drag type stuff to use things and I was like, this is like a big bad flash game.
You can groom his hooves.
And he was a little cult when you first got him and now he's a golden unicorn with sparklies falling out of his butt.
At least that's what it looked like.
I put up a screen capture somewhere, I think, on my Twitter or something.
You make everybody want to play this game very badly.
Here's my review.
Pink sparkles out of a unicorn's anus.
It's anus.
A-E-N-U-S.
Anus.
My anus is bleeding.
Or would it be... It would be emus, because then you... Anyway, and then... No, you can't have it, because you can't spell your...
Max Payne meets Silent Hill The End
It's actually not that bad.
And then, um... Oh god, we played some other stuff too.
Oh yeah, I went to Pentagogo!
So I played pinball.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The Pink Honest I'm allergic to the town of Dixon
No, seriously.
No, I'm being absolutely serious.
Every time I've been to Dixon, I end up getting some type of weird heat stroke.
My allergies get, like, you know how allergic I am to dogs?
It gets that bad.
I swear.
I took two doses of Benadryl, Sudafed, and Zyrtec, and I was taking local honey and giving myself shots, and you name it for allergies I was doing.
I was snorting crap.
I was still like super, you know, eye drops, my eyeballs were floating and it was just like not, it was not beautiful.
I felt like that my eyeballs were the size of like double the size of my head.
And so I went and sat in the car, texted Dan.
I'm sick.
I kept hiding in the bathroom because it was in a place with air conditioning.
and playing Final Fantasy 2 sitting on the floor of the bathroom at the Dixon Mayfair.
Sounds like fun.
Sounds like the sophistication being sucked right out of you and that's why you're having all those complications and stuff.
Sorry, you're too sophisticated for here.
So do you want to go home?
Yes.
And not to say anything bad about the Pentagogo, because it's a great event.
But if you have hay fever, if you've got allergies to nature, to grass, don't go unless you bring your own plastic bubble.
And then it makes the plastic bubbles, you really can't play pinball very well in them, so I just totally wouldn't, you know.
I would say a gas mask could work, you could actually play with a gas mask on, that would work.
But as far as what I played, I played Back to the Future, and I played Revenge for Mars, which was one of the Pinball 2000.
And I played F14 Tomcat.
I was going for mostly the mid-80s to early 90s era of pinball.
You know, just kind of get into it.
And I played this 80s...
Well, I was going to say, speaking of that, I played a pinball machine called Punk.
And it had like the, you know, looked like pictures from, what was that movie with Nicolas Cage and Valley Girl.
You know, and all the guys on the play field looked like Duran Duran.
And it was kind of funny.
Even though they weren't very punk, they had that hair though.
And eyeliner.
And that one was actually pretty fun for an old school, you know,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
My other thing, and I know I'm going off on this, is I was actually so caught up, because me being the big design freaking nerd that I am, I was going around taking pictures of interesting design.
Of cool pictures and neat early 80s, late 70s style art.
So I'll put some of the pictures up, they're on my phone.
Yeah, you're a nerd, yeah.
But I did play other games.
Hmm.
Well, I said I played Final Fantasy II, didn't I?
Yes, while you're on the bathroom floor crying and sobbing because of your allergies.
I wasn't crying.
And, yeah, I played some Star Trek Online.
Fun.
I think that's... No, I'm sure I played something else.
Oh, yeah, I started playing Braid, and then I kind of remembered that I had to do other things like homework.
I'm done with my finals.
I love how you sum it up.
I started to play this game, but then I was like, oh, God, I have something better to do.
Bye.
No, it wasn't I have something better to do.
It was something responsible to do.
Oh, sorry.
Rob.
Screw that growing up.
All right.
See, you're Rob-ba, and our other one is Rob-ba-ba.
I know.
I know.
All right.
Loki, I don't know if you can top Dark Sakura's adventures in Dixon, Pinball, and Final Fantasy II on the bathroom floor while she's trying to recover from allergies, but you want to try it?
I didn't go to Dixon.
That's already an improvement right there.
Let's see.
I played a lot of things that have yet to come out, including APB.
I've been playing the beta of that, and I love it because it's just like...
To me, it's like crossing Saints Row with Free Mode and Grand Theft Auto 4.
You kind of do what you need to do.
You have different missions.
The first few missions in the tutorial portion of the game, they have you go...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and people online as well.
So you can play both the villains and kind of the heroes, I guess, in the game.
I'm playing, of course, as one of the gangbangers because that's fun.
Lots of customization in the character creator.
It's just nuts how much customization is in there.
The clothing, though, you don't really have a lot of options.
At first you have to kind of buy that stuff or unlock it later on when you finish different missions.
Same with cars and whatnot.
But I'm really digging it.
I'm kind of thinking I might go back to that as an MMO, but we'll see.
I kind of like the fact, though, that the way they have their pay scale for it, it's basically you pay as you go.
So for someone like me that doesn't necessarily get a lot of time to dedicate to MMOs or stuff like that, it wouldn't be so bad because the time I'm not playing it, I'm not actually losing out on anything because you pay for the hours that you want to use.
So, it sounds good to me.
I may try it.
I have to upgrade my computer, though, too.
It might be a little bit.
Other fun stuff.
I happened to get a copy of Red Dead Redemption a little early, so I've been playing that, and I love the game.
Not a big surprise, because it's a little bit like Grand Theft Auto, but...
For me, a lot of it's been like Oregon Trail Extreme.
Nice.
Specifically, the hunting portion of Oregon Trail.
Because in the game, you make money by it.
You can hunt stuff and skin them and take the meat and the skins or whatever.
But you could only carry 100 pounds back to the wagon?
Oh, no.
I was able to kill a lot of things.
I don't know about 100 pounds worth of skins, but did you know in that game you can skin a horse?
I did not know that.
and then I saw Onward Ills running around and I shot them.
This just in, breaking news, this just in, PETA hates Red Dead Redemption.
Oh, I'm sure they will.
You can kill all sorts of creatures out there.
Haven't found the bears yet though, but it's really cool.
And the fact that the game looks a lot better than Grand Theft Auto, I mean, just a few years and the amount of improvements in the engine, it's just, it's amazing.
Definitely worth picking up though.
I love the game.
It's awesome.
Yeah, I was playing the demo.
I mean, I'm not cool like you and can get all these early games because you're like in the know or whatever.
But I was playing the split-second demo myself, and yeah, it was as fun as I remember at E3.
Like, it was still the same game that was probably, funny enough, probably my game of show last E3.
I mean, last E3 was not a huge year for me, but that was probably the best thing I played at the show.
So I'm excited that game is finally coming out, like, Tuesday, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, and I'm looking forward to actually being able to... I'm going to try some of the multiplayer in Red Dead when it does come out because they do have a lot of neat multiplayer options in there.
But at the same time, I'm also working on doing another edited modded Grand Theft Auto game.
I'm trying to edit the maps now, but there's specific rules you have to follow as far as getting stuff to work and stuff that normally works on the PC version doesn't work in the console version and whatnot.
But...
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I got to play some of the listeners during this week's Grand Theft Auto games.
Oh, finally.
Some listeners took you up on the challenge, hey?
Yes.
That was fun.
Good times.
And then, of course, just more Grand Theft Auto.
I've been playing a lot of that.
I think that's really... Did you school the listeners, or did they school you?
No, I schooled them.
I school everybody I play.
All right.
Thanks for watching!
But no, I'm actually ranked 67 now, so I'm going up there, trying to make as close to number one as possible.
Moving on up, moving on up.
Alright, congratulations.
Hey, this is episode 367 of OLR, and you're number 67 on Grand Theft Auto.
Hey, how about that?
I did pick up 3D.GameHeroes, but I haven't played it yet.
Then we'll move to my gaming week, because I did play 3D.GameHeroes.
I picked that up as well.
I was kind of motivated by the price point of just $40.
It kind of seemed like a bargain to me.
So I decided to pick up the game, and I didn't know much about the game.
Here's how clueless I was about the game.
I thought it was kind of like a game editor type of game where you would get to make your own little adventure games.
No, that's not what it is.
So let's take a step back and talk about what 3D.GameHeroes actually is.
It's basically a gigantic ripoff of The Legend of Zelda.
But that's cool, you know?
Like, The Legend of Zelda was a great game.
It's kind of fascinating that they're getting away with it, but hey, if Nintendo's not going to do anything, why not?
Now, you know, when I say ripoff, you know, there's some clear parody going on here, and they've changed just enough so it's not really a ripoff of Zelda.
Like, for example, you don't have hearts.
You have apples.
What?
Kidneys, that'd be funny.
Well, that's I guess maybe the core part of the customization of 3D.GameHeroes is that your hero can be anything you want.
You actually have a mode where you can go in and edit.
The default guy, I guess you could say the person in slot number one in the character edit mode looks like the dude from Dragon Warrior.
I don't know what you're supposed to... I'm 12, so I give all my characters three-year-old names.
I name my character Vulva, so I don't know what the normal...
The character name is... Shut up.
Alan and I picked out a good name.
Save us, Vulva.
Save us.
Evil Empire.
So, yeah, I don't remember what his name is, usually.
Somebody in chat will probably yell it out, but whatever.
It doesn't matter what his name is.
The game...
The game is like this giant love letter from guys our age, but in Japan, because I know it was developed over there, who kind of miss what gaming used to be.
I mean, if you think about the concept of this game, this story, is that there's this 2D world where everybody stopped visiting it, and it got old because, you know, just people didn't care about it anymore.
So their big idea was to go 3D to change the world.
I mean, that...
There's kind of like this really hidden bitter subtext there about how everything is 3D in this day and age and why can't our games be 2D anymore.
And it's just loaded with references to old 8-bit games.
Mostly Zelda, but there's other stuff in there as well that's really funny.
Including more current games because from Software, the developer, they made this other great PlayStation 3 game that came out a little while ago called Demon's Souls.
And there's actually this room in the game where...
If you walk in the right spot, it says, there's a message on the ground here.
Something like that.
It says, do you want to recommend this message?
And if you hit yes, it says, somewhere someone got healed.
That's funny if you've played Demon's Souls.
If you haven't, it makes no fucking sense.
You're just like, what is this randomness?
But whatever.
But then there's a chick right next to it and you find white sticky stuff in front of her, which is also a Demon's Souls reference.
But it sounds like porno, which is really funny because there's a lot of parts in this game
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
The game has flaws.
Yes, it has flaws.
There's slowdown in some of the dungeons because the water effect that they do in the game is so over the top.
And there's a lot in this game that's really over the top.
Like, oh, I don't know, the size of your sword when you have a full health bar takes up the entire screen.
So as long as you don't get it.
Listening to Bobby talking about it, I was making all kinds of inappropriate jokes.
Oh, it's funny.
It's really over the top.
There's a lot that's very over the top about this game.
And they decide, for whatever reason, to do the water effects really over the top.
And it causes slowdown in one of the dungeons.
And it's like, okay, folks, this is the PlayStation 3.
The government bought PlayStation 3s to use their cell processing.
Where's your cell processor now?
Exactly.
It's like, this game...
And to be honest, there's really nothing about 3D.GameHeroes that deserves to be on the PlayStation 3 This game could have been on the PS2 I mean, yes, it has trophies and yes, it's widescreen But I think there were a handful of widescreen games on the PS2 as well And that's really it I mean, graphically, you're not getting that much more oomph on the PS3
But I'm okay with it, and they give it a pass, because again, you're charging me about the cost of a PS2 game, you know, 40 bucks.
And it's, you know, still a good time.
And at the end, you just have to evaluate, did I have fun, yes or no?
And I had fun playing the game, despite its flaws.
So I wouldn't give the game like an A++.
But I'd give it a good solid A- or B+.
It's fun, it's silly, especially if you're a gamer in that age bracket, late 20s, early 30s, or even if you're a younger gamer that knows your retro gaming history, then you're going to get a kick out of this and get some lols.
and I don't think it made our show role but they have some really cool custom characters you can download off of their 3D.gameheroes hall of heroes website including they have a little arcade game you can play as a little girl Cthulhu chickens
Santa Claus Santa Claus Santa Claus
You know what?
Something just occurred to me that I should do I need to get RPG Maker for PC You should
Orange Lodge Radio, The RPG
Yeah, I... Again, you know, don't... I'm nitpicking a little bit with 3D.GameHeroes.
Overall, if you want to play... Like, if you're sitting there going, gosh, I wish they would make another 2D Zelda game that I could, like, play on my TV, here you go.
This game was, like, made for you.
Enjoy.
Eat it up.
Get a big spoon.
Eat it up.
They have, like, a little Big Planet Sackboy-type thing in there called Ragdoll.
It's one of the custom characters that someone made.
It looks just like a little pixelated...
it's just kind of a bummer that that's like the hero is like the only thing you can change you know what I mean like didn't you weren't you kind of hoping Loki there'd be like a little more just a little more customizability to this I don't know oh well but you know what 40 bucks hard to complain sir duct tape yes someone made a roll duct tape
All right, look, other games in my gaming week.
I don't want to drag this out too long because we're already almost a half hour into the show and haven't even touched gaming news yet.
But I just wanted to say really quick some of the stuff I've been playing.
World of Warcraft, of course, because I'm addicted.
And play some Game Room this week because, you know, they're back on the ball with getting the releases out.
So hooray for that.
I think I talked on the show last week about Pitfall and nearly missing the top 20, right?
I tried to do like a perfect run of the game and you know what gets me in Pitfall and why I can't do it?
It's the scorpions in the Hidden Passage.
I have no problem if I just run straight from right to left or run to the left.
I can get through 20 minutes running straight and not die once.
And that's how I got a score of 85,000.
But the minute I have to go into the tunnels, the scorpions eat my face.
That's the problem I'm having on Old School Pitfall.
Oink, Reverse Breakout
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Actually, I wouldn't say it's my favorite 2600 game, but I think maybe Kaboom or Pitfall 2 would be my favorite 2600 game.
But it's my most underrated, and I think most underappreciated 2600 game.
When I can get the cartridge for $1, I'll probably buy it on Game Room anyway.
And sure enough, he sends a picture of Oink running on his TV with the Atari 2600 hooked up.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You know, does it justify the increased costs?
I don't know.
It really depends on how much these games mean to you and so forth.
There's a lot, and I already did my Game Room tangent a couple weeks ago.
I'm trying very hard not to repeat it.
There's a lot of potential with Microsoft Game Room, and I really hope that potential is realized.
I'm hoping E3 is going to drop a whopper on us.
I really want them to come out at that press conference at E3 and go, we're going to release a whopper of a game on Game Room this week, and it's out right now.
Go get it.
And so I don't know what that game is.
but hopefully something really cool like something not from the early early 80s like something I don't know I don't know what game that could be the Galaxian 3 I don't I don't know what it'll be but hopefully something they'll kind of put out and it'll take game room to that next level where it's not just Atari 2600 and old old old old old stuff from the 80s we'll see though I my gut tells me here's here's my bet quote-unquote
It's going to be a Capcom game from their Street Fighter 2-ish era when they were using that hardware.
So I'm going to play... The CPS 1 and 2?
Yeah, I'm going to just guesstimate with nothing to back this up whatsoever because there's already the...
Rumors that Capcom games are going to make their way.
Like the Mega Man fighting game and some of that stuff is going to make their way to the Rock Battle.
Because Capcom supported Ultra K in the past.
So there's no reason why they wouldn't jump in on this.
I'm going to just speculate original Street Fighter 1.
Street Fighter 1 will be the big E3 game room release.
I have nothing to base that off of, but half fanboyism, half I've been doing this show for long enough that I feel like I start to understand the patterns of gaming companies.
Take it or leave it.
And also in Game Room this week, Keystone Capers was released and I played a crap ton of that.
Alright, I'll stop talking about my gaming week now.
We are officially a half hour into the show and haven't talked about any gaming news.
I've been playing a lot of Super Street Fighter 2.
I got my ass handed to me in Super Street Fighter 4 this weekend I was playing and I got schooled and it just reminded me what a terrible Street Fighter player I am I was playing Super Street Fighter 2 on my arcade cabinet it was fun
Going to our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com I think some folks are speculating what the game could be that's released at E3 for Game Room.
SSJ100Matt speculates Oonga Boonga will be the game.
Dear Lord, no.
Blackwolf, our good pal Bobby Blackwolf says Miss Nude World USA.
Oh, I wish.
And BlackWolf also says, remember, no online multiplayer in Game Room, so it doesn't make much sense to do a fighting game.
Well, to be fair, sir, it really didn't make much sense to put Combat or Outlaw there either then for those same reasons.
I mean, Combat is...
is pointless if you don't have someone to play it with.
And yet you're supposed to invite someone over, they get on the second controller.
So you could basically cheat for the high score on that one.
Donovan speculates Custer's Revenge will be the big game that's released.
You know, I just don't think that's going to happen.
A few people in a chat talking about Kangaroo.
Actdeft in chat says, if Game Room releases Kangaroo, I'll buy it on release.
I do want to warn you though, if they release Kongo Bongo, which I don't know, for some reason Kangaroo makes me think of Donkey Kong, which makes me think of Kongo Bongo, because they were all kind of, you know, trying to one-up each other.
Kongo Bongo is on the Sega Genesis Uber collection.
Be very careful if Sega games start showing up on Game Room, because a lot of them are on that collection.
Don't get swindled.
Alright, let's move on to some actual gaming news for heaven's sakes.
Housekeeping, join us on Twitter, twitter.com.com.
Join us on Facebook, Orange Launch Radio, yadda yadda, blah blah blah, gaming news.
Loki.
So Activision apparently is taking some lessons that they possibly have learned from lawsuits and whatnot.
They are dropping celebrities from the next Guitar Hero game.
So you will not see any, you know, dead Kurt Cobain's or whatever singing
Well, to be fair, Kurt Cobain was not portrayed as dead in the game because I think if he was, that would have been a whole other issue.
That would have been cool.
That would have been a whole other issue.
You just got, he's on the stage.
No head.
Zombie Kurt Cobain.
So, yeah, so they're basically, their claim is they're going back to the basics and this is coming from the latest issue of the official Xbox magazine.
Some of the old Guitar Hero characters, the ones that were actually unique to the game are coming back.
and you'll be able to recruit characters by playing their song sets and once you do that you can also unlock their alter egos.
So for example Lars would become like Warrior Lars and that will allow you to get a x6 multiplier.
Quick Play, I guess, is being revamped.
Of course, the DLC from Guitar Hero 5 and before that will be compatible with Guitar Hero 6.
They're doing, I guess, Streaker's Momentum, Do or Die are now available in online competitive modes.
New Power Challenges, Queen, Kiss, Black Sabbath, they're confirmed to be in the game.
I guess Quest Mode will feature Gene Simmons as a narrator because he needs money.
Does he have a TV show?
Does he get money from that?
He's freaking Gene Simmons.
All he has to do is go to a freak show and stick out his tongue.
You know what though?
He was on The Celebrity Apprentice and that's, you know, if you're resorting to going to try to... Joan Rivers was on The Celebrity Apprentice and that's Joan Rivers.
Her career's kind of...
They claim there's going to be a bigger focus on rock and roll.
Right.
Focus on rock and roll.
Well, I'm glad they're making a bigger focus on rock and roll and not, I don't know, making money.
Why do I just have this feeling?
Like, I'm not trying to be negative or be a fanboy or whatever, but why do I just have this feeling that E3, we're going to see Rock Band 3, and it's just going to blow this shit out of the water?
Like, it's just going to annihilate Guitar Hero.
Let me put it this way.
Um...
I don't really give a crap about it.
I mean, look at Guitar Hero 5.
What exactly did Guitar Hero 5 do that was that great over Guitar Hero World Tour?
Nothing, really.
I mean, it was pretty much, hey, look, we have new songs.
Yeah?
Yeah?
How about we throw in Van Halen?
Two games for the price of one.
Wasn't that the first game with the whole you can do four singers if you want and four guitarists and all that stuff?
Wow, that's awesome.
We're going to put four drummers in my house.
Yeah, because that makes sense.
Um...
I don't know, it sounds dumb.
And this one doesn't sound that great to me.
But you know what?
I'm kind of biased because I don't really care for the Guitar Hero series, really.
Once I had Rock Band 2, it was just like, I don't really care.
I've got all these download songs.
I don't really need to buy another game.
Rock Band 3, I'm going to kind of consider it the same thing unless I see them doing something really unique with it.
Although I do have faith in Harmonix that they're going to actually put something out decent that's going to be different enough from the last game.
So, props to them for that, but, I mean, look at, like, the Guitar Hero, their song creator and stuff that they had in-game.
That was supposed to be, like, this huge feature, and everyone's kind of like, eh, whatever, you know.
So, we'll see.
I mean, we don't know a lot about it yet, but I'm not expecting much.
Just like with DJ Hero 2, I'm not expecting much.
New songs, that's about it.
Which could be a good thing, because if you set the expectation bar really low, then they have the potential to really overcome that.
Whereas I think the expectation bar with Rock Band 3 is really high, at least for me.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and it's it you know it's basically like a track pack but there is a lot of songs in the game and you know just like you know Guitar Hero Metallica or Aerosmith or something like that I really don't give a crap about Green Day Rock Band um I guess even the same could have been said about Lego Rock Band yet I purchased anyways although Lego Rock Band had a really good set list so I I did like that but you know I basically dumped the songs in the game and then sold it back so whatever um
Project TenDollar
Tiger Woods PGA Tour 11 EA Sports Games for PS3 and Xbox 360 Title Specific Online Pass
Thank you for watching!
of course you get a 7 day free trial so I guess if you rent it from Gamefly you'll at least get that it's going to depend what it is depending on the game you have but EA has mentioned that it will be it could include meaning it probably will include basic online multiplayer that could also include group and league features roster and playbook updates downloads of like the user based stuff tournament support and so forth
So that's the direction they're going in where now if you get this game used, you're going to have to pay an extra $10 if you're going to want to enable it online.
Not the first time we've really seen something like this ever happen, right?
Because there's been other games that have charged the money for extra stuff if you want to redeem the code.
But it's interesting now that you're talking about
What I think a lot of people have come to take for granted online and that is basic head-to-head online matches.
DarkSakura, what do you think?
About the whole Project $10 thing where, you know, folks are now having to pay $10 if they want to play their sports game online.
That's... I understand the logic behind it.
What I think, though, is that it's not really going to
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I guess the difficult part for me is that I see the logic behind it and it's hard for me to argue with it because, yeah, game developers kind of lose a little money on the used market.
This is a way for them to make it back, whatever.
What kind of irritates me, though, is that I already pay for Xbox Live.
That's what I was about to say.
You know, you pay for these services already.
If they really wanted it to be something they could make more money on, they should just have like a...
I don't know, more download packs and things like that.
They're not losing any money either off of used sales.
If you think about it, if I sell my game used to somebody, there's still one copy out there that's floating around.
It's not like I copied my copy and now they're still playing a game that you paid for once.
It's just still one person playing.
And so it is kind of a dick move to do this.
And you know what?
The fact that they haven't dropped the price of their game, you know, it's still kind of messed up.
What's even dumber, the whole thing, was that GameStop was actually quoted.
They were like, yeah, we think this is a great idea.
The quote you're thinking of, CEO Dan DeMatteo, I think, says this.
GameStop is excited to partner with such a forward-thinking publisher as Electronic Arts.
This relationship allows us to capitalize on our investments to market and sell downloadable content online as well as through our network of stores worldwide.
Are you kissing or sucking over there?
Here's the thing I think.
It's because they're probably...
and so on.
Well, yeah, and I want to say this too.
DarkTetsuya in our chat room at chat.orangehauntryday.com says, so then the game itself will only cost $29.99 new, right EA, right?
No, it's still going to cost $59.99 or let's just say $60, okay?
Because unless you live in Oregon or one of those other states with no sales tax, you're going to pay $60 plus for it.
The thing to keep in mind though, this won't affect you if you're buying your games new because you get your free code with the game and you know since it's new that no one's used it, etc., etc.
So you know that you're good.
That means... Isn't GameStop going to have to alter their policy now where they're not going to take returns on these games anymore?
No, they will take the returns on the games.
It's just like, you know, download content that would be coming with the game.
They do this a lot now where they're bundling in some DLC, like a coupon or something like that for the first piece of DLC for free or some in-game hat or something like that that you get for free.
Just to entice people to buy new games.
But the thing for me...
And, you know, I don't know because I don't play sports games a lot.
You know, I wouldn't care.
For me, if I were to buy Tiger Woods, you know, I wouldn't care that I couldn't play online.
I wouldn't buy Tiger Woods
I worry about the precedent it sets, and the part that kind of irritates me is that I feel like I'm being double-dipped.
I'm paying for Xbox Live, and now you want me to pay for this as well if it's used.
That, I have a problem with.
It's weird.
Like, I will admit, I am weird.
This is weird.
I don't have a problem with it on PlayStation, because PlayStation's free.
There's not a lot for me to complain about there.
You can't say, like, oh, well, you know, it's wrong for them to charge you to use their servers and all that stuff when...
you know you're not really paying anything for it in the first place and if you want to use these features then you know I get it but I thought that's what I was already paying for on Xbox Live I understand that EA uses their own servers and I understand that it's kind of separate like that but then does that mean that the restriction will be removed where I no longer need an Xbox Live Gold account to play these online if that's the case then okay I guess that it's the same as the PlayStation and I can't really argue but otherwise I feel like I'm being charged twice
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I don't think that EA is in Square's...
But I think that also it was the fact that they would be getting something that no one would have ever expected to be on one of their systems.
So that was, I think, to get really to get into the market share.
They're going to get EA games anyway.
EA would be completely just butt-tarded to not put out a game on Xbox 360.
I mean, there's it.
They're doing a lot of stuff in this Project $10.
They have the way that they changed the DLC, the way they kind of give it to you in Mass Effect 2.
This is not the first company to try this.
They did the same thing with SOCOM on the PSP to try to curtail people buying the used game.
My problem is basically GameStop, their money is made and used product, and they've been ballsy enough before to make publishers pay for shell space and stuff like that.
Why can't they be ballsy now to go, we think this is a stupid idea, and what's EA going to do?
Oh, we're going to stop selling our games to your stores?
They're not going to take a cut that big.
I mean, they may try to...
Make that bluff, but if you call them on it, they're not going to do anything.
And even if they did, you know what?
I've seen Blockbuster or Movie Gallery or somebody, they stopped carrying a certain vendor's product for quite a while.
And just basically saying, well, if you don't want to play by our rules, then we're just going to stop carrying your product.
And it hit them big time, and they ended up...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But buying the game used for $40 and buying the $10 online is still cheaper than buying the game new.
And EA still gets a tiny bit of money.
So you win, you got a cheaper game.
EA wins, they get money to pay their sysadmins.
And GameStop wins because you bought a used game from them.
Okay, I want to stop there because I get what you're saying and I'm like 95% with you.
But the soccer moms buying the games for these kids lose.
Because they don't understand that there's a hidden $10 fee that's going to come with us.
And you know what else sucks too?
What?
EA, they shut down their servers after some time.
So you paid the extra money to play this game online and then it's not there.
If all of that is disclosed in the agreement, I'm borderline comfortable with it.
And then there's kind of like a little bit of back and forth here between BlackWolf and Toagak and some stuff here.
BlackWolf says, And Toagak was trying to recall a game that required them both.
Couldn't think of one.
And Bobby says, Oh, you can't remember.
Ha ha.
Well, this $10 is not a monthly fee, though, either, right?
It's just a one-time fee to do the game for the duration.
And you do get the 70 trials, so you can try it out.
If the online's really not something that you care for, then you don't have to do it.
The other thing I was thinking of, and I'm sure that they've thought of this and they don't have System Link in the game anymore, is System Link games, you can use tunneling services to actually play online with other people.
So you can use that.
It basically acts like it's a system-linked game, but you're playing it over the internet like you did with the GameCube and stuff like that with Mario Kart.
Again, I don't know.
I'm just a little worried, like, what happens next?
Like, if this ends up being acceptable, then what happens next?
You know?
They get you for $10 here, and, you know, I don't know.
They're not losing money left and right, either.
I mean, this kind of stuff will get...
It's an experiment for them.
They're just seeing, huh, what can we get away with?
It's just like the $15 map packs for Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2.
What can we get away with?
$15?
Let's see if people buy this.
Oh, people are buying this like crazy?
Well, let's release another map pack for $15.
I mean, it's just... If people are going to buy this stuff left and right and just not even think about it...
There may be a lot of people that decide, hey, we're going to buy this game used.
Better off, if you really want to get this game cheaper, don't buy it used.
Just wait for the drop in price and buy it new.
And I guess the moral of the story, if you will, is so we can kind of move on with some other news.
If you don't like it, don't buy it.
Don't be one of those Left 4 Dead 2 petitioners that sign the petition against the game and then are caught on Steam playing the game the day it comes out.
If you are really against this, don't buy it and mean it.
How about something a little bit more possibly encouraging?
Sure.
Or maybe facepalming, maybe a little bit.
Walmart actually is going to be back in the used game business.
They're going to be working with Game Trade, which is a startup services provider with the lease to test their little Game Trade stores in different Walmart places.
There's only about five of them, but it's going to be previously owned games.
Movies, hardware, basically you get store credit or cash.
So yeah, they're going to be like, I guess, what GameStop was for used games, only Walmart.
well they didn't really get out of the used game market I mean the company going under that was doing their kiosk kind of they didn't have a choice so they're kind of trying the same thing again since they didn't really I don't think they launched it full steam while that company was working with them dvd play
I don't remember ever seeing used games at Walmart.
That was just being tested.
They were in test locations.
Yeah, test locations of a new company, or ePlay is what it was, and they were doing it with Best Buy and stuff like that, and they went out of business.
So now this new company, new kiosk vendor, is coming out trying to do the same thing.
We'll see what happens there, because...
It's a tough market to compete in, but granted, used games, there's not a lot of kiosks out there for that stuff, so it could catch on.
It might be neat.
I just worry about those things that there's too many ways to exploit them, but
I don't know.
But I just don't think I like that that competition is Walmart, you know?
It kind of... Well, I mean... Walmart does everything else.
Do we really need them in this, too?
Hey, at least if, you know, money gets tight and you need to buy dinner, you know, you can always trade in your game and buy dinner with the coupon or the store credit that you get, so... That's always good instead of... Hard to argue with that, okay.
You know, at least there's that option.
But, like, as far as...
As far as trading in stuff, I don't know.
It's really what they need out there is a website, and this would be pretty impossible to get considering I don't think GameStop would be sharing what their trading prices are.
But if there was a website to compare trading prices based on title per these different places, that would be kind of cool.
But once again, they're not going to give that information out.
No, I don't think they're going to give that out either.
GameStop GameStop GameStop
But I would worry that a place like Walmart isn't going to really care.
And there's going to be a lot of people to get taken advantage of.
And buy back games that are all scratchy, yucky, and codes are used.
Here's the problem though, Rob, with that.
It's a kiosk.
It's not... It's a machine.
God, that's even worse.
How does the machine know what games are in good condition and what aren't?
It tries to read them.
Oh, weird.
Yeah, it reads this.
Weird.
It checks them to see if they're able to be read.
The problem is though is...
You could trick the machine by using some sort of burn disc or something like that and it might not be able to tell the difference between it.
Of course, then you have your credit card, but once again, it's also easy to buy a prepaid credit card and you can do the same thing.
Put whatever person's name, social on there that you want and do it and you can get away with the money.
You should be telling people how to do this on the show, Loki.
I'm just saying, hey, I think it...
I work out the flaws.
If you've thought of it, somebody a little more shady has definitely already thought of it.
But then again, not everybody's thinking that way.
So you could probably factor that in.
But...
It'll be interesting to see.
I mean, because, hey, who thought renting DVDs from a kiosk was going to take off?
Not a lot of people did.
Still not going to make me stop shopping at Target over Walmart.
But, hey, you know what, though?
If it takes off at Walmart, who says that Target's not going to do it?
And, you know, if this company is anything like E-Play was...
they could easily have the same damn kiosk it's just branded with the Target stuff and it would be the same service right there and they could double dip basically in the market and there's nothing really stopping them from doing that unless they sign some sort of weird contract for it which they very well might have so you never know very true we'll see what happens
So there's some rumors now regarding when the PlayStation Move and Natal is going to be launched.
The rumor is that PlayStation Move is supposed to launch in September.
This is coming from Jason Bradbury, the host of Britain's The Gadget Show.
Apparently, he's proclaiming that the PlayStation Move controller will be released in September.
I put on his Twitter account.
Another thing I was meaning to say, September for PlayStation Move.
I'm sure of it.
Can't say why.
Just September 2010.
Well, I mean, if I was a betting man, that's a pretty good bet.
It's going to be this fall, okay?
You know it's fall.
And you know it's before Black Friday.
It must, must, must be before Black Friday.
So what does that really leave?
October, November, and maybe September.
Here's how you know when the PlayStation Move is scheduled to come out.
You look at the titles that are supporting the PlayStation Move and where they're sitting as far as releases go.
Everything that I've seen so far is pointing to November, which makes sense because that's when they seem to launch new consoles and whatnot.
I would be betting November.
So we'll see.
So you are going to go against the British guy from Gadgets or whatever?
I don't know who the fuck Jason Bradbury is.
The Gadget Show.
Good for you.
You think something.
I think you should challenge Jason Bradbury to a throwdown.
A throwdown?
A hoedown throwdown Whatever, I could be like Michael Patcher and say random shit And if I'm right, I'm a genius If I'm wrong, no one will remember So, whatever I'm an analyst!
Yeah, we should just start calling you an analyst We need to have a segment on the show Analyst Loki No, but I'm serious How about analist?
Okay
I'm serious though, like, look at, um, look at iPad, iPad is supporting the PlayStation Move, and that's supposed to be coming out in the fall, um, Lord of the Rings, Eragon's Quest, whatever's supposed to be coming out, um, in the fall as well, because that's now supporting the move on the PlayStation 3, um, LittleBigPlanet 2 will probably be coming out, like, this fall, I'm guessing, it, it's all gonna be around the same time, um,
I don't know about September I guess it could be September if you think about it because they are starting to support games now with the PlayStation Move stuff so publishers have access to it and I guess they could do that but I would be more willing to bet it's going to be closer to Christmas just to catch in on that holiday buying madness we'll see
Now see, where's that story going to be on all the game blogs tomorrow?
That world-renowned, years-long-running game analyst Loki has predicted on some little crappy web show, just like this other thing, the gadget show or whatever, that Move is coming out in November.
He is sure of it, folks.
He is sure of it.
Let me just put it this way, okay?
And this goes both against me and against him.
Just because we're hosts of a show doesn't mean we know what we're talking about.
Just because he hosts a TV show does not mean he knows exactly when the PlayStation move's coming out.
It's a good guess.
Fourth quarter, duh.
It's going to be coming out fourth quarter, so...
Whenever that is.
If it's September, great.
It'll be nice and early.
But, you know, from what I've seen, their major Sony releases have either been in November or October.
October, like last year, for example, because he had Uncharted 2.
God, there was other Sony titles last year.
But LittleBigPlanet was also in October as well.
Although Resistance 2, I believe, was in November.
So it's all around that same time.
They have released schedules.
What about Natal, then?
What does our analyst think about Project Natal?
They're saying that it's going to be releasing in October.
This is according to Microsoft's Saudi vendor.
He's not even really working for Microsoft yet.
Although they quote him as working with Microsoft, apparently G4 has said that Saeed Bilal is not a Microsoft employee.
He is a vendor employed through a third-party company on behalf of a Microsoft subsidiary in Saudi Arabia.
Pardon me, pardon me.
Who do you trust more, G4 or Analyst Loki?
G4 or Loki?
Ready?
Go.
I don't think it's gonna be definitely in October.
And once again, it's because all the major stuff that's been released is usually around that November time.
Now, granted, they could do the fall update early.
It's gonna be timed with the fall update, basically.
You're gonna have the fall update...
Slightly before this is launched, just like when they did the Avatars, the new Xbox experience, whatever, they had their new Scenic game come out slightly before this new update came out.
So you kind of look at what the games are, what games are supporting Natal and stuff, and what their release schedule is going to be like, and you can kind of guess...
and DarkSakura.com.
Let's go to the results of our quick poll chat in our chatroom, chat.orange.com Who do you trust more, G4 or Loki?
We have Loki, Analyst Loki, I trust Banana Man, Loki for sure, Homer Simpson, Analyst Loki, Analyst Loki.
I mean, I trust the bird because the bird is the word.
Stop it!
um let's see uh Loki at least he mentions games I work on we all trust Loki because we all love Secret Club analist Loki over anything although anything is better than G4 I don't know G4 has hotness G4 has ninja challenge that is a good point G4 does have ninja challenge Loki not the OLR the Norse god I've trusted Loki with my life before or budget at least and there you go
I would be willing to bet that we'll find out probably before it's released.
I mean, well, obviously we're going to find out before it's released, but we were going to find out before they announce it.
Let me put it that way.
Alright, well, do you think you know a catchphrase that ought to be in the next NBA Jam?
You know, if you have the next Boom Shakalaka, if you know Boom Shakalaka, he's on fire, you know, if you have the next catchphrase for NBA Jam, they want to know.
EA Sports has come out and said that they're doing this whole little contest about the next catchphrase in NBA Jam.
Of course, it's taking place on Facebook.
Go to facebook.com slash NBA Jam and you can submit your entries up until...
May 19th, 9 a.m.
Pacific Time.
That doesn't give you much time.
There will be fan voting on the top 64 entries and the one with the highest votes will be immortalized in the game.
Now they say the entries must be associated with one of the following actions in the game.
Dunks, assist, alley-oops, blocks, three-point shots, two-point field goal, on-fire shots, steals, shot clock violations, rebounds, missed shots.
Catchphrases should avoid a reference to specific NBA players, and they must not contain pornography, illicit content, and must be appropriate for audiences 13 years of age.
I listened to the ad for that.
Dan played it the other day.
I was like, dude, it's the guy.
Alpha Cananogram suggests, and boom goes the dynamite.
That's a great YouTube clip, by the way, if you've never seen it.
Boom goes the dynamite.
I think that should be in the game.
Boom goes the dynamite.
I don't know.
I'm thinking that maybe they could do something with the bird.
No.
SSJ 100 Matt saying that we should have an OLR catchphrase in it.
I don't know.
What OLR catchphrase would lend itself to basketball?
I don't know.
Like ferret?
That doesn't really work.
Exterminate?
Can you really?
I mean, that's really a Doctor Who thing that we just kind of stole.
What other OLR catchphrases do we have?
I don't know.
Do we have other catchphrases?
Your mom.
There's Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, what?
I don't know.
I don't think that'll do it.
Some other folks are saying that they should try to sneak in an OLR reference into the catchphrases.
I really don't know what that OLR catchphrase would be.
Ferret!
Duck Island?
Okay.
Duck Island might work.
He made that shot all the way from Duck Island!
I'd be like, what?
That shot coming in from Duck Island!
No.
How about no?
It's just J100 Matt says friend your butt.
He'll friend your butt, dunk!
No, that won't work either because that might not be appropriate for audiences under 13.
All right.
Maybe there will be a future list list.
I don't know.
The contest will be over by then.
We'll see.
Look at him.
Handle those balls.
No.
That ain't appropriate.
But it did make me laugh.
It did make me laugh.
All right.
Let's move on with some more news and, of course, release dates coming up and the classic game of the week at some point tonight.
How about something that isn't crappy?
There's a Castlevania game coming out on the iPhone, Rob.
OMG What?
Yeah.
What?
It's Encore of the Night, which is really a puzzle game.
It's going to be hard to control, right?
When I looked at it, I was like, oh, it's Puzzle Fighter and Puzzle Quest.
So basically the little screen capture on here is Alucard playing against one of the fish guys who hangs out in Dracula's basement.
But it could be fun.
I think I'm going to try it out, you know, but it also looks like it's timed.
Each of your little matches is timed because there's an hourglass.
But why can't they just... Or maybe when the timer runs out, something bad happens.
Like the fish guy takes a big poop or something, I don't know.
And eats your face.
And poops your face.
He friends your butt.
Yes.
It could be cool.
I guess.
I like puzzle games.
I like Castlevania.
It's all in the price.
It's all in the price.
By the way, some more suggestions for the NBA Jam thing from our chat.
And I gotta say, this is my favorite so far from SSJ100 Matt.
Dongle!
That's a good one.
That's a good one.
I might be saying this wrong.
Shesro?
Shurzo.
Shurzo.
Shurzo says double down.
You know, like in reference to Loki's least favorite KFC food.
All right.
Let's move on to some release dates.
We're going to travel around the world and look at some release dates, Loki.
We're going to look at some release dates.
That doesn't really work for...
NBA Jam.
No, it doesn't.
Yeah, actually some good stuff coming up this week.
Big push for games until Memorial Day.
Yeah, well, until July.
But this week, though, we have Split Second coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Highly recommend picking that up.
It's actually pretty awesome.
Oh, and also on PC, apparently.
Shrek Forever After for the little tykes.
Of course, the new tie-in game with that movie that thankfully is...
Done.
No more Shrek movies.
Thank you.
They'll be coming out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, DS, and PSP.
Prince of Persia, The Forgotten Sands, making its way out on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS, and PSP.
The PSP version is supposed to be 2D, and then they're also re-releasing Prince of Persia, The Sands of Time on PlayStation 2, in case you haven't picked that up and feel festive with the movie coming out and everything.
The game I'm definitely going to be playing a lot this week Red Dead Redemption coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 this week
City Builder coming out on the Wii until the forgotten about game that no one will be picking up Attack of the Movies 3D it's a parody of a bunch of movies including Terminator and you know Alien Mummy it's got 3D glasses and you can play in 3D it is a on-rails shooter game and what makes it even more bizarre is it's coming out in 360 as well how the fuck is that gonna work
with the analog sticks, I guess.
Horrible decision.
And then, of course, Alan Wake making its way out on Xbox 360, and they're also doing a limited edition for that this week as well.
and that's basically it.
It's just J100 Matt in our chat room.
That play was better than a DS Master email.
Oh, oh, I'm sorry.
How did I miss this?
I must have scrolled too quickly.
Imagine Animal Doctor Care Center on DS and then a better game, Blue Dragon Awakens Shadows come out on DS as well.
Ooh, ooh, I got a good one.
I got a good one.
Ready?
He's on FIRED!
Rob, Rob, Rob, that's the slow Rob.
And of course, one week from today, Super Mario Galaxy 2.
Going to Japan and looking at the release dates in Japan on the Xbox 360, Lost Planet 2, Senko no Rande Duo comes out on the Xbox 360 as well.
That is an updated version of an old game that's now on the Xbox 360.
New graphics and everything, woohoo!
Tropico 3 also again these are Japanese release dates and the Xbox 360 is getting a whole little bundle for Lost Planet 2 there you go going over to the PlayStation 3 and looking at what's coming out there another Lost Planet 2 the port for the PS3 is coming out there as well as World Soccer winning 11 2010 Aoki Samurai no Chosen comes out there as well there's also a brand new Horipad if you want to check that out if you are into the Japanese peripherals you can look at that
On the Nintendo Wii this week, not a lot.
World Soccer Winning 11 2010 comes out this week.
Next week, just so you know, is the Japanese release of Red Steel 2.
They don't have that game yet.
On the PlayStation 2, Tier Nanog is getting a price reduction.
That's a game coming out.
There's also a port of World Soccer Winning 11 2010.
And a few games in the Lucy and Bees series.
There's Evil Violet and Justice Yellow.
I'm guessing those are like Pokemon-y types of games.
On the Nintendo DS, Captain Tsubasa.
and Gekituo no Kiseki comes out this week.
That is a soccer type of game, I guess, with all the winning 11.
The DS wants in on the action as well.
It's also a manga.
Different game.
Oh, is it?
Is it a soccer manga type of thing?
Yeah.
Oh, good times.
And then coming out on the PSP, Higani no Rekken Jutsushi, Full Metal Alchemist, Yakusoku no Hai'i.
yes it's a Fullmetal Alchemist game on the PSP as to what type of game it is I think you actually kind of get to play as Ed and Al you get to I don't know if it's like a kind of like a little like 3D adventure game with a lot of like cut scenes and dialogue so it's a I think it'll do Fullmetal Alchemist fans some justice there so check that out on the PSP this week in Japan those are Japanese release dates
In the UK, we have on the 18th, Dragon Age Origins, Darkspawn Chronicles.
On the 21st, Mod Nation Racers, MorphX, Prince of Persia, The Forgotten Sands, All-Star Karate, Red Dead Redemption, and Rooms the Main Building.
Oh yeah, and Split Second Velocity.
That's on there too.
Busy week.
Alright, alright.
More gaming news than the classic game of the week coming right up.
And DarkSakura, I'm not going to spoil what the game is this week, but she just picked a game where she's like, yeah, pretty much everyone says this is a classic.
So we'll get to that in a little bit.
To put it a little bit more, it's a game that Dan and I played a lot of when we first got together.
Capcom is working on an MMO
Call it Mega Man Online.
And according to GameSpot, they're saying it's being co-developed by Korea's NeoWiz Games.
They're responsible for EA Sports FIFA Online.
And possibly might be related to the Mega Man Universe game.
Well, maybe it's... Could be different names, different regions, too.
Yeah.
You never know.
So...
I don't know.
That's kind of neat.
I don't know what they're really going to do for a Mega Man online game, but it'll be pretty awesome, I'm sure.
I've got to admit, I kind of approach this with a big, huh.
It's just kind of like, how would a Mega Man online game work?
But then I think about Mega Man Legends, and I'm like, huh.
This could be interesting.
I'm not sure how yet.
Or imagine if you're not really playing as Mega Man, but imagine if you got to be your own robot master boss.
That would be kind of rad, actually.
I don't know, there's just, there's just, there's just something, things that make you go, hmm.
There's definitely a big hmm factor with this.
I don't know, I don't know what to think.
I'll need to see screenshots or something.
Do you think you'll get to see more of this at E3?
It might be a little early, but that'd be kind of neat if they announced something.
Very cool.
Alright, well we'll see what happens with Mega Man Online.
DarkSakura, do you like the idea of Mega Man going online or is it enough of the freaking MMOs already?
It's a good idea.
Yay for whoever wants to play it.
Good for them.
Would you play it?
Ask Star Trek Online, dude.
Even if you got to be a robot master boss, there's no robot master boss you'd want to be?
Well, no.
Alright.
It's Sakura Woman.
Loki could finally have Pizza Man for reals.
That reference is about five years old on this show.
Pizza Man.
Yeah.
I think there's a clip of that.
Let me tell you how old that reference is.
There's a clip of that on our MySpace.
I don't even remember.
Oh, we were talking about the Mega Man 2 sound effect thing.
who knows MTV is saying up and down they have not announced anything besides Green Day Rock Band and Rock Band 3 but they are quick to say we have a great relationship with Pearl Jam and hope to have many of their more awesome music in the game in the future
Hmm.
Hmm.
Here's where I have a problem with this right now.
They've given it a Peggy rating on the box art this early that the fact that they haven't even announced the game yet, it would not have a rating.
It would be rating pending.
Very good point.
It's fake.
Wishful thinking, basically.
I mean, I don't know, like I kind of go, okay, yeah, I could see Pearl Jam getting their own rock band.
Like, you know, and we've talked about this on the show before, there's only certain bands that can have a rock band.
Like, not every band is worthy of having a rock band game dedicated to them, but Pearl Jam, okay.
There was a survey that came out that was asking people what dedicated rock band games would you like to see?
Which artists would you want to see have their game?
And Pearl Jam was on the list.
So I think it's a little bit of wishful thinking.
It's kind of like how with... Even if you look at GameStop's website and stuff like that, there's a bunch of listings for games like Pilotwings for the Wii and stuff like that.
Stuff that doesn't exist but that they're taking pre-orders on.
Just in case, you know, that kind of stuff.
How about Rock Band ABBA?
That's the one I want.
By the way, apparently, yeah, they are doing that little test right now, but there's also some news about how well these games are selling.
The NPD group is saying that Guitar Hero Van Halen only sold 94,000 copies, which kind of makes it a poop.
However, it's hard to say.
Does that count the free ones that went out?
Because that sort of would kind of screw those numbers, wouldn't it?
It's copies sold, so I would imagine, yes, it does.
Well, to put it in perspective, Guitar Hero Aerosmith sold 2.7 million copies.
Guitar Hero Metallica sold 1 million copies.
Beatle Rock Band, 1.2 million copies.
Guitar Hero Aerosmith sold twice as many as Beatle's Rock Band.
Well, think about it though, Guitar Hero Aerosmith was first It was the first kind of, you know, one group exclusive game that came out And it seems like the numbers have slowly gone down since then And then Van Halen just kind of pooped, you know, didn't do much But it's hard to say, because again, they were giving that away for free Can you really trust that number?
I don't know It'll be very interesting to see how the Guitar Hero Green Day sells You know what's also not accounted for in here?
Did I say Guitar Hero Green Day?
I meant Rock Band Green Day
What's also not accounted for in here is the, like, wasn't there an ACDC rock band game that came out?
I don't see that in here anywhere.
It was like a live ACDC game.
It was exclusive to Walmart for a little while, but then it wasn't.
I don't see numbers for that anywhere in here.
There's no numbers for that.
Probably.
And just for the reference, on the Peggy website, there is no listing for that new rock band game.
If it had a rating, it would be listed on there.
See?
Analyst Loki.
Squelch and the Rumors right here at Orange Lounge Radio.
All right.
Just out of curiosity, though, if they did do a band-based game, a one-band game, is there any bands you'd want to see?
No.
No?
No.
No.
DarkSakura, any bands you think are deserving of their full rock band game?
Electric Light Orchestra Sorry, I've been on an ELO kick lately ABBA Rock Band, you think I'm kidding?
Radiohead Rock Band I would be down with a Radiohead Rock Band actually but I just don't see Radiohead as the type of band that would want to be a part of that I would love to see I know they said on the Rock Band Network it could happen I would like to see some drum and bass tracks come out on Rock Band get some Pendulum in there something like that
I mean, that would be pretty cool.
It's like some guitar stuff in there.
I guess it'd be really difficult to do on drums, but it would be neat to see.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chat room.
He's getting a lot of comments tonight, but he's saying some good stuff.
Wants to clarify the ACDC deal.
That was a track pack.
It wasn't actually a separate game.
It wasn't listed as a separate game.
It was a track pack.
Yes, but Bobby, technically you can play it by itself, therefore it is kind of a separate game.
I get what he's saying, though.
It's in the vein of those country packs and the things they sold individually.
But yeah, I thought of it as a separate game because could you buy the ACDC stuff?
You can buy it and play it by itself.
I didn't think you could buy it from within Rock Band.
No, you can't buy it within Rock Band.
You can buy the track pack, play it by itself, or dump it into your game.
Donovan's suggesting Village People Rock Band.
Black Wolf again says, I'd like to see Rush or U2.
Funny T-Man says, Golden Girls rock band.
There you go.
It could be the Betty White version of Thank You for Being a Friend from Saturday Night Live a couple weeks ago.
Anyhow, let's get into it.
Speaking of old classics.
When doesn't the Golden Girls seem to come up on this show lately?
Old classics.
Because I want to be Betty White when I grow up.
DarkSakura likes to dig through the gaming vault and find a game that she says, Hey!
Hey, listen.
Hey, listen.
You kids ought to be playing this game.
It's the classic video game of the week.
And I think, though, this week she's managed to pick a game that most people have played.
But if you haven't, what the hell?
Seriously, where the hell have you been?
What planet have you been hanging out on?
Let's get to it.
DarkSakura, what is the classic game of the week?
Super Mario 64.
Super Mario 64!
Yeah, this... I have to say, this is one of my favorite ever Nintendo 64 games.
Probably one of my favorite.
It's up there in my list of favorites.
It was, you know, the first real dive into 3D for Mario, and it was one of those games that that controller just seemed to be made for.
But I love the music.
Can you turn up Rob for a minute?
Okay.
I love the early level I also love that you can go up to a sleeping piranha plant and punch him in the face cause look he's about to do it here too but that was like there were just so many little fun things you know you could do the wall jump you could also glitch the game hardcore and just beat it right from the very get go if you were really good at the wall jump see he punched the piranha plant in the face shoot it in the face in the face Mario's hardcore like that he's a thug um
At any rate, the game starts off at Princess Peach's castle and she writes him a letter and says, I baked you a cake, even though I'm a princess and have servants to do it for me.
I think it was also the first game in the US that we got her name as being Peach.
If you think about it, though, she is a princess.
She could take credit for what her servants did.
I baked this for you.
By me, I mean I own these servants that made it for you.
I want to say she was actually Peach in Mario 3.
Well, I know Mario Kart was on Super Nintendo.
That was before this.
I'm pretty sure Mario 3 called her Peach.
Thank you for watching!
levels in different means.
That theme kept coming back in later 3D Mario games like in Sunshine and I think in Galaxy.
You had different ways of beating the levels and that was pretty cool.
Fairly innovative.
You could get different things like the metal cap where you turned into shiny chrome Mario and went bang, bang, bang, every time you ran.
Which is always what I thought of knights in armor trying to run.
You got a wing cap.
Can you do that one more time?
Can you say that one more time?
There, how's that?
Yes.
And you can find a pink Bob-omb buddy.
Ooh, he's pink.
And there were... You also had coins that you used for your life.
And you could also...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Um, so it was originally gonna be, um, a Super FX game for the SNES, but, um, it couldn't quite reach what he wanted to do, so basically he, I think, I think he pulled an avatar on this, dusted it off out of a drawer, decided, oh, technology's caught up, let's do it.
And then, um, I love the sliding levels, too.
He just fell down a hole, though.
and you can move the camera around and it does have a fairly set path you can go but you can just run around and do stuff and explore and even if you're like trying to beat a certain way if like if you're doing a certain mission that has you beat the level a certain way you can actually do it the other way you know if you just decide to do that but it's
It's really just, you know, pretty cool.
And also the music in it was done by Koji Kondo, who is one of my personal heroes.
And it was one of the first ones that had Charles Martinet to do the voice.
He's so cool.
He's so cool.
He was cool to meet, you know.
Um, so yeah, it's, I think, in that list of one of, you know, best games ever.
And, um, dude, punching a piranha plant in the face.
You know, grabbing Koop, you know, Bowser by the tail and swinging him around and throwing him off a building.
You know, Mario turned into a thug in this game.
And also, if you want to see something incredibly fun, go on YouTube and just watch speedruns.
But now, the, um...
The really interesting thing with this game for me is that Dan and I, we spent, because he had a Nintendo 64, we didn't actually have nearly the collection that we do now.
When we first moved in together, we had maybe about 20 video game systems then, maybe 15, something like that.
I moved out here with my Super Nintendo and stuff.
But he had a Nintendo 64, and we just played the stew out of this game.
And we played the Rumble Pak, and we had a lot of fun.
It was just really, really cool.
and I actually have the Nintendo DS one and it's actually a little harder to play but, you know, you play as Yoshi, Luigi and Wario and it looks a little bit better and it's got mini games and multiplayer mode and it's pretty good.
There was a direct sequel planned for the Nintendo 64DD, and Miyamoto had started it in 97, and it was going to be released in 99, but because the 64DD didn't make it...
My husband just decided to pop his head in the door and said that the movie he was watching was awesome.
What movie were they watching?
Kick-Ass.
Oh, Kick-Ass.
Good times.
But because 64DD pretty much flopped, we basically got Super Mario Sunshine on GameCube, and then we got Super Mario Galaxy, and of course we're getting another Super Mario Galaxy.
So, yeah.
This game has a special place in my heart.
That, and when you win the game, Peach makes you a cake.
Like she promised.
Yep.
Good for her.
Alright.
Well, there it is.
Your classic game of the week.
Super Mario 64.
Now I want to give a quick counter opinion.
This was not my favorite Mario game in the series.
I did not like the transition to 3D very much.
I understand a lot of people are all excited about it.
But I don't know.
I had a really hard time with this game after the awesomeness that were the Super Nintendo Mario games.
I don't know.
The switch to 3D never felt right for me.
But oddly enough...
I was okay with Mario Sunshine.
I know that makes me weird.
I'm all sorts of weird, but whatever.
You are weirdo, Rob.
I am weird.
It's fine.
It's fine.
I deal with it.
Okay, anyhow, let's go ahead and take a break here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We got more gaming news we want to get to in Part B tonight.
We haven't gotten to yet.
In fact, you know, huge news about a free game that's available we're going to get to.
I mean, I'm sure everybody's already downloaded it, but if you haven't, we'll tell you more about it in a minute.
Plus movie news.
Movies turning into games.
Games turning into movies.
Lots of news like that.
And a little more Red Dead Redemption and Rapid Fire news.
And your calls when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday, May the 16th of 2010 where we are taping the 357th episode.
No, 67th.
Yeah, I lost count.
I was talking about that earlier in the show.
367th episode of our show, as we do every week at All Games Radio, www.allgames.com, live here on Sunday nights.
We've talked about a lot of different news in Part A tonight, talking about EA's controversial new $10 thing, talking about used games at Walmart, and our gaming weeks were quite long tonight.
Everybody's doing something.
Dark Sakura went to Pinnagogo when I was playing 3D.GameHeroes, and Loki's still playing Grand Theft Auto.
That's all right.
Good times.
Speaking of Loki, he's going to start off with some quick news topics before we get back into some longer discussion.
So quick, quick, what's on your mind tonight, Loki?
Yes, apparently there's another dance game coming to the Wii.
And funny enough, this actually has a tie back into one of the shows that I wasn't a part of, but Rob had hosted a while back.
And it's Kids Bop Dance Party the Video Game.
You might ask, how did that even, you know... How the fuck did that come up on OLR?
I don't even remember that.
It wasn't on OLR.
It was on Vanilla Sky.
Oh, I wanted to spin on that.
I'm a genius, I invented that game all by myself
They came up inadvertently.
Whoops.
The Benny Hill theme, unfortunately not part of the Kidz Bop dance party video game.
You know what's funny?
Total mistake.
Didn't intend for that music to play, but somehow fitting.
Yes, such songs in this will be of course Lady Gaga's Paparazzi, Michael Jackson's Thriller, Pink's Get the Party Started, and yeah, it's going to include a free play challenge, dance off, shop and dress up modes, and it will feature two players that can dance cooperatively, or go head to head.
Lame, but not really my target demographic.
But then again, Just Dance sold a million copies, so what do I know about games, I guess?
Apparently nothing.
If you are a collector of such odd game peripherals as...
I don't know, the chainsaw controller for Resident Evil, or I guess in this case, Dragon Quest.
It's going to be getting its own Dragon Quest Monsters Battle Road Victory.
It's a Wii game that was a port of an arcade game that's based on collectible cards, but the actual controller, like the arcade, has two giant buttons and
and a giant sword that looks like it's basically the sword in the stone that you have to interact with as well.
The controller will cost the 12,800 yen the equivalent of $137 US and will be out in Japan this summer.
So if you're a big collector of odd peripherals this will be coming to you from Hori.
And then finally, of course, we've been hearing about a lot of cameos of characters in Lost Planet 2, including Dom from Gears of War.
Well, now, of course, Sony's got to have their characters in there as well.
Not really making it in for the launch, but there will be some free download content coming out soon that will include the Helghast characters from the Killzone series.
The crew from Kidz Bop meets Gwar.
That'd be weird.
and I don't know like maybe it could be like a point and click type of game like in the vein of you know Sam and Max and those types of games where like the you play as the folks from GWAR and you're trying to find the people from Kidz Bop and like corrupt them and or murder them I will one up that okay I will one up that please we need to launch a new CD series called GWAR Bop that basically takes GWAR and has them sing all these different contemporary hits as they put it
I'd play that.
I would too.
Good stuff.
All right.
And then we'll make it come full circle and put it out of the game.
All right.
So possibly coming to a PC near you.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's talk about some other quick news.
Halo 2.
Yes, there were still some holdouts playing Halo 2 online.
You might remember there were guys that were refusing to pull their net connection.
And what's kind of weird is that...
Microsoft, you would think, would have just put the banhammer down on them a long time ago.
But they kind of thought it was funny.
And they let it go as long as they could hold out their connections and so forth.
And the last man standing was ApacheN4Sir.
It was the gamer tag.
And he was finally removed.
He says he was kicked off.
But kicked off could mean that his Comcast connection sucks balls.
Because that's what's been happening to me on World of Warcraft these past couple weeks.
Tech came to my house and everything, said he couldn't find anything wrong.
I'm like, yeah, I guess I'm just fucking crazy, huh?
That's just our crappy service.
That's right.
It's a feature.
So anyhow, whatever.
So he finally got booted, whether it was by Microsoft or his cable provider, who knows, but it was at 11 o'clock or just before 11 o'clock Pacific time, May 10th, 2010.
He was out of Halo 2, which means that's it for the original Xbox Live.
That was the official last connection on Xbox Live.
Rest in pieces Rest in pieces Rest in pieces Rest in pieces Rest in pieces Rest in pieces Rest in pieces Rest in pieces Rest in pieces Rest in pieces
It's called RetroVision.
And you plug the car into the Nintendo, put your Game Boy game in there, and you're good to go.
This is even more awesome.
It has the expansion port on it too, so you can use your Game Boy printer.
Remember the Game Boy printer?
What a worthless piece of shit that thing was, huh?
Huh?
Didn't they have like a hidden DJ game in that though?
The printer software?
The what software?
The printer software that came with the actual printer.
Does it?
I don't remember.
Yeah.
There's a little like game in there.
I don't remember.
I didn't own one.
I didn't pay for one.
All right.
I just remember seeing the features and I thought, gee, that was stupid.
Can I print my own receipts on it?
Ooh, that might be good.
I don't know.
Game Room updates.
Now we have to start covering these too.
We got Rock Band releases, Virtual Console releases.
Now we have Game Room releases as well.
This week you missed Battlezone, Canyon Bomber, Keystone Capers for the 2600.
Canyon Bomber is also the 2600 version, not the arcade version.
Megazone for the arcade.
Night Driver for the Atari 2600, Oink for the 2600, and Soccer for the Intellivision.
Interesting thing about Game Room, the game packs that you're downloading are actually two weeks worth of games.
It's just that half of them stay locked for a week.
So if you downloaded something that was in last week's pack, like Pitfall, you already had this week's pack waiting to go.
Game Pack 1 and 2 are like 15 games apiece, so Game Pack 3 rolls around and it's another 50 megabytes.
It's actually 15 more games.
Go figure.
Well, some of the games have been announced for the next pack that is coming out, and that is going to be coming out on May 19th, because it looks like, what, is that Wednesday is going to be Game Room Day?
Asteroids for the arcade.
We already have Asteroids Deluxe, but you get original Asteroids this time.
Demons to Diamonds was a 2600 game that's coming out this week as well Grand Prix from Activision Shark Shark Space Duel it was an arcade game it was kind of like a souped up Asteroids I guess you could say probably I think the biggest release this week Stampede is coming out this week on the 2600 oh I have fond memories of Stampede when we went to the Classic Gaming Expo I participated in like the official Stampede scoreboard that Twin Galaxies was doing I think I got like next to last place I'm that good at Stampede
Time Pilot is also coming out May 19th but Time Pilot's already available on Xbox Live just so you know for five bucks and you get the souped up version so if you want to buy Time Pilot for Game Room that's on you but you'll get the opportunity this week to buy it all over again if you want.
It's all about money.
That's right.
Money, money, money.
And speaking of all about money how about our Rock Band releases for the week as
What is wrong with my computer?
Well, where do I begin?
I'm just kidding.
Rob, seriously.
Did it freeze up or something?
No, it's opening 50,000 windows when I'm trying to... Yikes.
Spam, spam, spam.
No.
Lose weight.
Increase your penis size.
Et cetera, et cetera.
Hold on.
Yes.
No, because it's completely screwing up now, so... All right, that's fine.
I'll go to some chat room comments.
Chat.OrangeSoundsRadio.com Salacious Pop says, Demons and Diamonds was a paddle game, though.
It was a big twisty knob.
Paddle and trackball for Game Room, please.
I somewhat agree, although I don't think at the end of the day I would be able to justify buying a trackball for my Xbox because I know it would cost like $30 to $40.
And what am I going to play with it?
Crystal Castles.
Woo!
I don't know.
Although, you know, in theory, they do need to have better support for that stuff.
Somebody could probably hack that together.
Playing Crystal Castles on the joystick or the little Xbox 360 controller just stinks.
It stinks.
All right, so we have... I've got everything pulled up now.
I had to basically reload it all.
Our rock band download content actually is pretty cool.
We've got a Grateful Dead pack, which includes Beat It On Down The Line, Cumberland Blues, Scarlet Begonias, Throwing Stones, Touch Of Grey, and U.S.
Blues.
And then two songs by The Smithereens.
I like The Smithereens.
It's one of my groups I really liked when I was in high school.
It's A Girl Like You and Only A Memory.
Those are both really good songs.
For some Project Natal news, their big event is going to have a Cirque du Soleil performance.
Ooh, Cirque du Soleil.
But it'll be on June 13th, so look forward to feats of flexibility.
Or as my friend calls it, Cirque du Sogay.
I know, right?
And then...
Bayonetta!
The director, Kamiya Hideki, he basically doesn't like that there's Bayonetta doujinshi.
Like, hentai doujinshi about Bayonetta getting it on.
Well, I mean, she's kind of sexy.
That means that you've got a popular product, hi.
The more, you know, I have personally... Sega should be fucking excited that they have like a new franchise here, you know what I mean?
He, he, he
It seems there's pornographic doujinshi based off Bayonetta.
There are fans who will resent that, and I hardly think those responsible hold any love for the game.
Dude, get your head out your butt, dude.
Um, there was though, um, Chris, is it Dallin or Dalen?
Um, there's a quote from him and I actually like this.
And this is actually a point that I've had with, you know, some of these games that guys can go and get outfits for their female characters.
And, you know, I always laughed that WrestleMania was like dress up for, for boys, you know, cause they could customize their wrestler and, you know, um,
but the quote is saying guys tell themselves they shouldn't listen to fashion they're terrified if they spend enough time playing as Bayonetta being Bayonetta and witnessing the power of her high heels and endless tresses well at some point they'll stop objectifying her they'll want to be her she won't invite our gaze as much as grip it until she sucked us into a vortex of overpowering femininity I like that a vortex of overpowering femininity that should be on the box
Can we get an iTunes review for our show that says that?
Boo power!
A vortex of overpowering femininity.
Is that what they're calling her bits now?
It's a vortex.
Alright, some other gaming news.
And of course we'll get to the Skype line, the mailbag, and all that fun stuff in just a little bit.
But some other news stories first, starting off with Loki.
Yes.
You know, it's like every week we hear about another...
Game franchise being turned into a movie and each one was perceived with more of an eye roll than the next.
Well, this shouldn't be a surprise.
Rollercoaster Tycoon is now becoming a movie thanks to Sony Pictures.
What?
How's that even work?
It's just going to be a movie about people liking theme parks and building theme parks.
It'll be some stupid plot like, you know, roller coaster park A versus B, like some scandal.
It's just going to be like Wall Street, but cute and about theme parks.
Right?
It's going to be awful.
Awful.
I don't know.
Would anybody really want to watch Roller Coaster Tycoon?
I don't know.
Well, it's being developed as a live-action CGI hybrid at Sony Pictures Animation.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Is it going to be in 3D?
Oh, probably.
And I guess it's being worked on by Harold Zwart, the director of the upcoming Karate Kid remake.
He will be taking an executive producer role.
Alright, before we get to more news, I completely forgot to do a segment that we usually do on the show.
Twitter topics.
Oops.
We should do those now.
Twitter topics!
Every week you send us your tweets at twitter.com slash OLR and we read some of our favorite tweets live on air here.
If I remember to do them.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I guess these guys got injured.
It was Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2, and he was playing against a few friends, and his mother asked him to get his daughter's PJs.
Wait, so your mother had to tell you to get your daughter's PJs?
Oh boy.
Alright, so he didn't realize that the Xbox Live headset was wrapped around his chair's arm, so when he got up quickly, bam, the wire got caught and the head smashed right into my Mac, which was sitting on a stereo a few feet off the ground.
Ow!
Ow!
So he got up quickly and bam, hit his head.
That looks hurtful.
So he went to the hospital and thanks to... I love this.
But a few hours later he was online fragging again thanks to a real life painkiller perk prescribed by the doctor.
Thank you, BikeItIn!
Alright, there you go.
Thank you, TigerClaw305 on Twitter for sending us that link.
Tweets from BlueSwim here.
Twitter question, what franchise that hasn't had a game yet during the current generation would you like to see get a modern game?
What game that hasn't gotten a modern game yet during this generation would you like to see get a game?
Well, there's always the good old standby, the Guardian Legend.
I mean, hello.
or Kid Icarus.
There's always a lot of people clamoring to get a new Kid Icarus game.
I want a new Fantasy Zone.
A new Fantasy Zone?
Yeah.
Okay, that's fair.
The Adventures of Opa Opa!
We got Afterburner.
There's like a new Afterburner with a climb and a lot of the old stuff is new again.
Maybe for them to finally release Planet Harrier?
Here's my number one answer though, in all honesty, Blue Swim.
Especially if you want to go just to the last generation of something we haven't seen yet.
F-Zero.
K-Thanks.
That's the one game I really would like to see a new one of.
Except, unfortunately, I think if I really want to like a new F-Zero game, it's going to have to be on the Xbox or the PlayStation 3.
And, uh...
That's not going to happen.
They already tried it there and it sucked.
Did they?
You remember it was at a game from Koei?
I played Wipeout.
Wipeout HD is kind of fun.
It's cool.
Sagan our chatroom says Star Fox that's a good one too but it has to be actual Star Fox not the adventures or what the hell was that on the gate what the hell what the hell fuck adventures yeah star fucking adventures all right let's see also blue swim wants to give an FYI hey did you know that Amazon is giving a $20 gaming credit on your next order when you buy Super Mario Galaxy 2 from them no I did not know that but I probably won't be buying Mario Galaxy 2 my Wii isn't even hooked up right now
is not going to get hooked up again until Metroid Other M comes out.
I'm telling you right now.
Unless Mario Galaxy 2, like I play it at someone else's house and I'm like, oh my god, I'm missing out.
Oh my god, oh my god.
But there's just so many other games coming out right now between Blur and Split Second and all these other racing games that I'm just like, you know what?
Yeah.
Hey, Rababa's in chat and suggests The Adventures of Lolo.
And yes, I'm serious.
Hey, Lolo was actually a pretty freaking rad NES game that never really got a new version.
You know what else was on the old school NES that I don't remember ever seeing later?
I bet Jamie would know more about this, but she left the room real quick.
Mylon Secret Castle.
Remember that game?
Good times.
Did they ever do a sequel?
I think they did do one sequel.
A little one.
DarkTest Studio wants to plug the latest retro rear view all about the X68000.
It's on our website at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
Check it out.
Retro rear view.
Actual content on OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
I saw an actual game review on there, too.
I know.
What's this about?
I was like, wait, this is in our site?
Our community is awesome.
We don't have to do anything.
All right.
I'd put reviews on there, but by the time I get around to putting a review up there, it's too late.
Oh, shit.
X-Link in chat room.
Excellent choice.
StarTropics 3.
EASP is a service
Um, sure, why don't I link, uh, read this one, TigerClaw305 sends us another, uh, uh, Twitter topic, uh, it's a link from MTV Multiplayer blog, apparently, uh, Cliffy B, uh, has said that...
Mass Effect, let me read this quote here.
Quote, the thing that was cool was that Mass Effect is kind of an RPG for me with the cover-based shooting.
I think there's a reason why it's been successful, because gamers love Gears.
Oh, God.
Just take your ego and shove it up your ass.
Here's something like that.
I would like to thank myself and our series, Gears of War, for making Mass Effect 2 such a great game.
Because if I hadn't put my game out, no one would know what first-person shooters are.
And they wouldn't know...
Epic first person shooters can be You know what, with all due respect I'm awesome I'm not going to read the rest of the story because I don't give a shit what he thinks Yes, I'm also awesome Thank you TigerClaw for trying I'll just tell you in a nutshell He says Mass Effect is the Star Wars for the new generation I'm the dang cook of the game programming industry You are like the episode 2 of this generation The Yoda fight was cool
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Let's see here.
And last tweet I'm going to read here from Jay Jugo says, Scarezo in chat.
That's how I say it.
Scarezo.
I should have known that.
Oh, well, whatever.
Scarezo, thanks you for mentioning the double down.
This is my first live OLR show.
So far, so epic.
And also wants to send a quick thank you to Jamie for your pick for the classic game of the week.
Oh, well, you're quite welcome.
Woot.
I remember, whatever happened to that?
It's coming out this fall, but it's actually not just coming out on the Wii this time.
It's actually going to be coming out on 360 and PlayStation 3 as well as the Wii.
Well done.
Please tell me it's a budget title.
I don't remember.
I don't remember that part.
Is it still called Rock of the Dead?
It's still called Rock of the Dead.
Awesome.
Look, and I realize you guys are saying, like, you know, and I seem to remember when Rock of the Dead first came up on this show, a lot of people were saying, lawsuit, it's gonna be a lawsuit, but, like, seriously, after playing 3D.GameHeroes, it's a parody!
That's all they have to say, it's a parody!
Like, Loki, when you play 3D.GameHeroes and DarkSakura, if you do at some point, you know, you really should check it out, because it'll tickle your retro funny bone.
Uh...
Tell me it's not just a complete effing rip-off of Zelda.
Oh, I could tell that without playing it.
But that's okay.
I'm fine with that.
Zelda's a good game.
It needs to be ripped off more often.
Hey, there was already Newtopia.
Alright, huge news this week.
Everybody's been talking about this and we gotta say something about this too.
Steam for the Mac came out this week.
It included 57 games at launch, including Torchlight.
That's actually a game I played a little bit of this week.
I like me some Torchlight.
It was out there for $10 on Steam for the Mac, but the best deal of all...
Free.
Free game.
Portal.
Free.
Zero dollars.
Free.
Nothing.
Till May 24th.
And they didn't want the Mac users to have all the fun there because if they only gave it away for free on the Mac, you'd have people like Loki that would be like, meh, meh, meh, meh.
That's my Loki impression.
Meh, meh, meh.
I downloaded it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, she even bought the Pink Anus game.
I did buy the Pink Anus game.
And you know what?
It's crap.
But she bought it, and that's all they care about at the end of the day.
Yeah.
It's... Read ratings, please, people.
SSJ100Matt says, Can't get any cheaper than free unless you're Yaris.
True.
Seg in our chatroom says, They needed to demonstrate the Steam Play concept, so it's free on both platforms.
Absolutely.
It's kind of the Trojan horse.
But, you know, it...
It's a win-win situation.
You win because you get a free game.
And to reference the other chat comment, you don't get some crappy free game.
You get a great game of the year caliber game for free.
but the trade-off is they win because they just installed your thing on your computer so you're not tempted to go get, you know, Direct to Drive or the Windows gaming platform which, granted, I know is not on the Mac but, you know, you know what I mean.
Same thing.
They get that on your computer and then you're seeing all the sales and you're like, oh shit, I can get Torchlight for $10.
Maybe I should get that.
So there you go.
All of that's available on the Mac.
Some of the other games you might want to check out that are available on the Mac right now.
Braid, let's see, is a big one.
Some of the Indiana Jones games.
Loom, you can play on the Mac now.
Yes.
Sam & Max Devil's Playhouse, Tales of Monkey Island Season 1, Torchlight, which I definitely recommend.
If you even just thought Diablo 2 was kind of cool, you should get Torchlight.
It's because it's pretty much the same fucking game.
and uh but better Civ 4 which of course you know I have a big boner for all things Civilization so I'm excited uh that the Mac fans can play that on Steam although I think that was I think Civ 4 was already available on the Mac I could be wrong all right more news mailbag coming up in a
about the rating system in Australia.
There is, and actually it's a fairly, I would have to say, a big percentage of proofs that there should be, 98% actually said that there should be an R18 plus rating, so where things are restricted to 18 and over.
It's been proposed before, but now it's like, that's what the people want, so...
Who knows?
But there's actually, though, some from other special interest groups, though, that were saying that only 53% actually approve of it.
But, eh, numbers lie.
Statistics can be budged.
It's funny you talk about statistics because some of the interesting chats, comments I'm reading right now about the whole Steam thing, they're a little delayed, so we get comments from the last story.
Seg is saying, now we'll have stats for how many Mac users will buy games, or to clarify, publicly accessible stats for Mac users who will buy games.
Interesting.
uh some other comments Robert M says I've been anticipating Torchlight for quite some time but didn't want to invest in Windows 7 and partitioning for boot camp uh Donovan says he'll wait for Diablo 3 okay so yourself but I think Torchlight's uh pretty good the one thing Torchlight's missing is multiplayer but seriously it's like 10 bucks that's that's great it's a great deal for a single player game it really is anyhow uh all right so uh moving on with some more news stories Loki
Yes, so it's interesting because there's already been screenshots of people, or not really screenshots, but people taking pictures of Red Dead Redemption because it's been coming in early to a few different stores.
And one of the screenshots, or I should say box shots that they got of the game on PlayStation 3 shows that there's some exclusive content included for the PlayStation 3 version.
Now...
JonBoy!
JonBoy!
Yes, this is exclusive for the PlayStation 3.
Not quite as wonderful as exclusive download content like that was on Grand Theft Auto episodes from Liberty City, but maybe this stuff will come out later on as something paid for on the Xbox 360.
I know there is some more free download content coming out later on, so who knows.
But hey, anything extra is kind of good.
So if you're getting on the PS3, there's a little bonus for you.
Who knows?
It might be enough to sway some people, even if it's like a little thing.
You never know.
People that have both.
It's not that big a deal.
There's tons of outfits you can get in the game and lots of different things you can find, safe houses and stuff.
I don't really know if this stuff is really going to do it for you, but whatever.
If you really want to get into both systems, you're not sure which one, maybe that'll sway you.
All right, some other news coming out this week.
How many of y'all have seen the movie Cube?
It was a little indie film.
I love Cube 2.
But not the original Cube.
No, I like the first one, but the second one... Okay, just to go say a little bit about it.
It's an indie film, and describe what Cube is about.
But you've got to start with the first one.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
and so as it goes they they each run into each other as they go through the cube and find out that each of them has a specific skill some people have been left with their glasses some people have been left with you know something in their pocket there's a crazy lady um
And her skill is being crazy.
No, she was the doctor, right?
Yeah, the doctor.
But it's that these people are stuck in the cube.
And their whole point is trying to figure out the way out.
And basically, while they're moving from room to room...
Oh, no, they didn't have... Cube 2 was the one with Crazy Lady.
The first one had the autistic boy.
Yes.
They basically find out that the rooms are moving.
OMG, spoiler.
That's fine.
It's like over 10 years old at this point.
And that basically the autistic boy is some sort of savant with numbers and figures out that it's like prime numbers go into the right room and they figure out which way the rooms are going to be that lead to the exit.
Right.
Where the exit is.
So it's all... And now Cube 2, I love it because it's called Hypercube, meaning a tesseract.
Wait, it's not Electric Boogaloo?
No.
I mean, I like that one because I love theoretical physics.
I don't have the brain for math or anything.
I just love reading about it.
Wait, so the cube was like traveling through time and space as well?
Exactly.
Wow.
The fourth dimension being time.
Wow.
So, and it had like this really weird ending, and also the Cube 2 inspired a whole mod for Half-Life.
Wasn't there a Cube 0 at some point too, or a Cube 3?
The third one was Cube 0, which was like a prequel, and it was crap.
Okay.
Well, how would you like to play a video game based off Cube?
She's raising her hand.
It might actually happen, believe it or not.
It's an interview that Vincenzo is his name, Vincenzo Natale.
He was the director of the game, and he was talking to MTV about the film Splice, which is an upcoming movie that he did.
They, for whatever reason, asked him about Cube if he ever wanted to revisit the universe.
He said, I would very much like to do a Cube game.
I'd love to do a game.
When I was writing it with my writing partner, we were saying to each other, are we writing a film or are we writing a game?
It's always been amazing to me that no one has attempted to turn it into a game.
I would very much like to do that.
That's how I would like to get back into the Cube world.
I guess that's true because there was the mod, right?
That's what I'm saying.
There was the mod based on Hypercube.
He probably hasn't seen it.
And someone actually recreated the end of the movie using Gary's mod.
It does have a real creepster ending to it, actually.
The whole movie's kind of a downer.
And then it really leaves you with more questions than you start the movie with.
But it wasn't a bad movie.
It was just kind of like, the fuck?
That was my reaction at the end.
It was like, the fuck?
It's a movie that I think everyone needs to see at least once.
You know what?
In a movie that leaves you talking... And for a low-budget movie, it was intelligently done, I think.
It's definitely one that's a thinker, too.
So would it be a low-budget game?
Perhaps.
Well, given that you probably only need to make one environment over and over.
True.
Well, you know, when they did... That's how they made the movie cheap.
They seriously used the same room and they turned them around.
And when they did Cube 2, it was also relatively inexpensive.
They just had those white walls with different lights behind them.
Easy, easy.
Nobody has to bother, by the way, with the third movie.
SSJ100Matt is suggesting, Jamie, if you like theoretical physics, I would tell you to check out the movie What the Bleep Do We Know?
I've heard of that movie.
I've been wanting to see it, actually.
You might have to Netflix that or something.
In the meantime, though, Jamie has no time to Netflix because she has to dive into the mailbag.
and read your emails at Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com Every week you guys send us emails to our Mailbag and DarkSakura will jump in, read a few, possibly criticize their grammar and then we'll answer your questions here on the show.
Again, that's Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com Although more and more people have been submitting them through the website recently.
I guess there's a form you can fill out.
Deekman makes the magic happen on the website and he made it magical where people send us bleeps through the website now.
And Dragonboy69 is actually sending us a tech support question.
But I have to read this because I don't know if Loki will laugh.
I'm not sure if you can assist me with my issue.
I have an iMac and just attempted to sign up to your site.
However, when trying to log in, it goes to white screen with the words invalid token.
Is this because I'm on an iMac?
Thank you in advance for any help you can provide me with this matter.
No, I don't think it's because you're on an iMac.
We'll help you later.
I've seen the website do that before and I think it's because a lot of people hit it at once sometimes.
Believe it or not, we're kind of popular.
Use Firefox, not Safari.
Also, just reload, or use your back button and try to log in again.
Usually it will kind of work itself out.
If it keeps doing it to you, come back after like an hour.
We honestly don't know what causes it.
Unfortunately, our website is a popular target for spammers, and when they clog up the pipes with their poop, then it kind of prevents the rest of us from logging in, but it has nothing to do with the fact that you're on an iMac, as far as we know.
The website's worked on a Mac for me before.
It wasn't an iMac, granted, but...
Alright.
Hello, OLR.
I look forward to your show every week.
I do have a couple of questions for OLR.
What Sega Model 1 or 2 or Model 3 arcade games urgently needs an Xbox Live conversion?
Oh, heavens.
I'm really looking forward to Daytona USA or Scud Race.
Is it called Super GT in the US?
I think so.
Also, I think Super Hang-On needs a good update like Sega did to OutRun.
I would agree with that.
Are you guys... Okay, yeah.
That's the first one.
What do you think would make a good...
Release.
If they had some sort of gun controller, any of the gun games would be good, like Gunblade or even, you know, House of the Dead or that kind of stuff.
Planet Harrier.
That's Hikari, though.
I don't care.
Planet Harrier.
Can we get... No, I'm kidding.
Actually, that wouldn't be bad.
I mean, you could even have steering wheel support.
And maybe it wouldn't have draw-in.
That would be cool.
Are you guys planning on a new show for foreign listeners after the mishaps of your previous effort?
Ooh, that's right.
Wasn't the Euro show when the last computer just finally died?
It exploded, yeah.
That's right.
Let's pick a date.
We will have to do that, but it's going to have to be like in June at least.
Yeah.
It's going to be sometime... It'll have to be at least June because next week I'm going to literally be running in here at the last second because I'm going on a trip.
But...
and the weekend after by the way we won't be here Memorial Day weekend we will not be here at least I won't be here and I think that Rob's gonna be getting some shush I'm going to Oregon on a getaway so we're doing that and so I'm not gonna be here and I imagine a lot of listeners are probably gonna be doing their vacations and stuff too so we'll not be here Memorial Day weekend but sometime either June maybe July maybe like 4th of July weekend or something cause that'll be a long weekend too we can do something
We could do something.
But I don't think that we should plan it around a major holiday.
You know what we should do?
Is the 4th of July weekend just start at 8 in the morning and then finish late at night.
Although Bobby will probably want to do a show somewhere in there.
Figure something out.
We'll have to figure something out.
We also need to do another road show.
Good times.
Road show.
And last question to DarkSakura.
Why are there no more Rob floods?
I really miss them.
Okay, you asked for it.
I don't know.
Rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub, rub.
What?
Hi.
Die!
Well, that's it.
Thanks for making a show nearly every week.
It's a real relief to listen to OLR.
Your lighthearted view on things is very welcome in a world that's way too serious.
Thank you very much, Fabrice from Belgium.
P.S.
Was my spelling and grammar okay?
You didn't put a question mark at the end of okay.
Other than that, spot on.
But he's from Belgium, so he gets a little... They have question marks in Belgium!
That's funny.
A question from our chat room.
Wetu in our chat room asks, what is Memorial Day for?
I don't know if maybe he's Canadian or from a foreign country or maybe one of the Americans that doesn't know the difference.
Here it is, quickly.
In the US, there's two...
Thanks for watching!
Veterans Day is the day that's in November, and that's the day to honor those that are still serving or alive and used to serve a veteran.
So one for those that have passed away, one for those that are still alive, basically.
In other words, Memorial Day would be like for my papa, my grandfather, and Veterans Day would be like for my brother.
But both days, great sales at Macy's.
Tell me I'm wrong.
Tell me I'm wrong.
Sorry.
I just read a message from Becky.
She said I made her snort by saying there's question marks in Belgium.
Well, there are indeed question marks in Belgium.
You're right.
It's been a while since I've had a chance to email you guys.
Last time Loki had turned me under Earth Defense Force on 360.
Still playing, by the way.
My question is in regards to the zombie talk from last week.
You guys talked about what music you would kill zombies to, but where would you set up HQ?
My roommate and I have argued between a Super Walmart, a mall, and a Costco.
PS, sorry if the grammar is bad.
Had a 14 hour work day and I'm typing in the dark so that I do not wake the wife.
Good husband.
And by the way, I only give people a hard time if they're really, really, really crappy.
Where would I set up shop?
Sorry, I was flooding the chat room because they needed a spanking.
What was the question here?
It's, um, we talked about what music we would kill zombies to, but where would we set up HQ?
My roommate and I would argue, is Super Walmart a mall or Costco?
Well, Dead Rising was set in a mall and I guess that did pretty well for Frank West.
We could say an amusement park like Zombieland.
Ooh, that would be fun.
Or a museum.
Might be fun too and especially scary.
And who'd look for me in a museum?
The zoo.
Fort Knox.
Ooh, good guess.
Area 51.
Or Studio 54 So you can get your club on and kill zombies My mom's house The Space Shuttle
Try to get me up here, zombies.
Rob, Rob, why are there zombies outside?
Rob, Rob, get rid of the zombies.
Do you know, this neighborhood has already gone to hell.
Why are there zombies out front?
Rob.
She would annoy them away.
It would be great.
You know zombies would never make it in the south?
Especially out in the rural south, just because of how many people have freaking guns.
There'd probably be some good eating in New Orleans.
Anyway.
Oh, Robaba.
No, not Robaba.
Robaba sent us an email.
Yeah, okay, here we go.
I listened to your conversation about the Black Wii bundle leak, in quotes.
The correspondence between Nintendo and GameStop sounded totally fake, i.e.
viral marketing.
Nintendo, bad dog.
That leak totally advertised our new bundle a very convenient week before release.
GameStop, we fired the guy and we'll never do it again unless you ask us to again.
Nintendo, okay, but just this once.
Well played.
Okay.
Also, Nintendo knows after all these years how to prevent this type of leak.
Sending the promo standees every week ahead of time sounded intentional.
Yep, probably was.
The more and more I hear about it, the more and more I think it was just kind of like one of those leaks to actually get people talking about the Black We.
Can I read some chat comments?
Because these are pretty funny.
Do it.
All right.
Donovan suggests... These are all about the zombies.
And where would you set up shop?
Donovan's one of my buddies from Alabama, by the way.
Hi, Donovan!
One of my old school buddies.
I keep thinking it's Travis Donovan from Under Station Live, but he wouldn't listen to this show.
He's one of my major geek buddies and one of the people responsible for making me a bigger nerd than I was then.
Clearly he's a geek if he's listening to this show.
Well, a hearty hello from us California kids.
Us California kids have done a good job of corrupting Jamie, just so you know.
Also, some comments about my mother's house.
Ziba says, they're gross, Rob.
And Tigerclaw follows that up with, yeah, Skye, and if your mom sees you shoot a zombie, she'd be like, Rob, that's gross.
You go outside right now and clean that up, Rob.
I like your mom.
Rob Roberts.
What do you think?
Although that's not really my name.
We should call my mom next week and ask her what she would do if zombies showed up at her house.
Salacious Pop says, LOL, the notoriously violent elitist bouncers of Studio 54 are a great anti-zombie tool.
You look like shit.
You can't get in.
Sorry.
Come back with some hot girls and try again.
And I'll see you next time.
Bobby!
Bobby!
Okay, so the next email.
We actually got a decent number of emails, by the way.
Dear OLR, I know I probably don't fit your average demographic being a 31-year-old male carpenter, but I have to tell you something.
I love Wednesdays and Thursdays.
You know why?
Because that's usually the time you release your current podcast and I get to fix someone's house while listening to you guys.
Wow.
Please, please, please keep on doing this show another seven years or at least until Loki is number one in GTA.
Thanks for all you do, Serious Turtle.
And by the way, dude, you're totally our... Okay, I'm 34.
I'm 31.
In college, working at hell on earth.
I mean, a job.
Jesus was a carpenter.
Yeah, you could totally be our Jesus.
There you go.
Are you Jewish?
Yay, Jesus email.
Jesus listens to OLR.
No.
That's horrible.
Rob!
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Are you kidding?
My mother would have told that joke.
Probably.
My mother would be ashamed of you.
No, my mom.
My mom.
Rob, you shouldn't say that.
She's like secretly laughing.
I was thinking that my mom would probably try to stifle the giggles like you do when you're at church.
Superbook
That was my show growing up.
Superbook was the bomb.
Superbook and Flying House.
That was it.
All right.
Actually, and for the record, I did used to sneak out of church and hang out in the church library reading, like... Well, would you go to hell for that, though?
I don't think you would because, like, you're still, like, doing churchy things.
Well, because, no, at the tender age of ten years old, and this, you know, I'm not making it any type of a secret, I'm converting to Judaism, eventually.
I was sort of like, these were translated from Greek?
Wasn't it written in Hebrew?
And then go hang out in the library and look everything up.
So, that was me.
Anyway.
Anyway.
On the 700 Club, Rob.
I know, I know.
I was a kid!
It was totally old school anime.
And if you think about it, some pretty badass shit happens in that cartoon.
This guy's just splitting the ocean in half.
Transformers didn't do that shit.
It's totally old school anime.
Alright.
Anyway.
I'm over it.
God.
Everybody gets too tense when it comes to religious topics.
Have fun with it.
I have to be in boy drag and I can... Salacious Pop, I need DarkSakura to dress in boy drag so she can sneak into the rabbi school and read the Torah.
This needs to happen.
And Singfather, can you hear me?
What?
I could do that anyway if I wanted to be a rabbi.
All right, let's move on.
Let's move on.
Rob What?
Hi guys!
This is just a quick note to thank you for sending out Mother's Day wishes to WeGaming moms.
Your show is a welcome distraction from corporate tedium every week.
Not to mention, and the mention of Mother's Day made it all the sweeter.
I'm one of those that grew up on video games, still plays today, and believes that parents should be gaming with their children rather than shaking their heads over it.
Keep up the good work, VeggieWolf!
Yay!
Parents, yay!
Parenting your children.
An extra special Mother's Day.
Mother's Day is every day for you, lady.
You deserve props.
Good for you.
That's a good attitude.
Rob, I'm going to link this to you so that we can play it.
Okay.
Because she sends another email that says, of course, right after I sent the last message, I heard the question about a good song for zombie killing.
So I am going to...
Copy this link location And by the way, while DarkSakura is sending that over to me SalaciousPop is clarifying That was the plot to Yentl That he was trying to get you a Barbra Streisand I know, I haven't seen Yentl Which I know I'm supposed to see Yentl Neither have I, bad gay You know what?
No, we're not having a Barbra Streisand night, vetoed
No, I'm talking about watching... If we're going to watch things that involve cross-dressing, Rob, let's watch Yentl and Victor Victoria.
No, let's watch Priscilla, Queen of the Desert.
I need to see Yentl.
You really don't.
Alright, here's the video that your emailer sent.
Ooh, it contains content of an adult nature.
Hooray.
Ooh, I can't believe... Oh, is this zombie killing music?
Yeah.
Maybe we need to skip ahead a little bit.
I actually sent the song, so let me send you the other link.
This is funny, because he's running over people with a lawnmower.
I sent you the actual song.
This is funny.
This is great radio.
I'm watching a video and laughing at it.
Okay, here's the other one.
Oh, this is the actual song.
The Wurzels, Combined Harvester.
We need to do that for our ridiculous news.
Okay, ever since I started listening to internet radio almost 10 years ago, I have always dreamed about listening to shoutcast.net stations in my car.
When iPhone first came out, I was excited to learn that it can play streaming radio.
However, I didn't have the money to get one.
A couple months ago, I finally decided that I wanted to purchase one with some of my tax return money after I heard about the supposed 4G version of the iPhone being found at a bar I was hesitant to buy, knowing that this version may be released very soon.
Since I haven't heard anything new about it in a while, I don't know what I should do.
Do you think this leak is delaying the 4G version to come out, or do you think it was just a marketing ploy by Apple and we're going to hear more about it very soon?
I just don't want to buy the 3GS and then a couple months later see a 4G version released and scream me over.
Your fellow gamer girl, Ziba.
Well, I bought a 3G a couple months ago.
Rumor is Jobes was pissed and called Gizmodo himself.
That's one of the latest rumors that was on the blogs this week, but whatever.
Believe it or not, I don't care.
The fact is, fact, Apple will release information about a new phone in June.
So my suggestion, if you think you can hold off until June, the end of June, which is only about a month away at this point, if you can hold off like one month, you're in good shape.
You'll be fine.
And then you'll have a better idea what to expect.
Um...
The only other suggestion I really have is that keep in mind that iPhone's not your only option.
You know, they do have like tuner apps, I think, for BlackBerrys and the Droid.
I mean, the other phones have them too.
I don't know.
I wasn't feeling the song for Mailbag Music.
We'll find a purpose for it on the show, though.
It's a good song.
Okay.
That's it.
We're going to find a use for that somewhere.
By the way, you know why I was so distracted earlier in Part A?
It's because I was reading a friend's live journal and she had pictures up of, what's it, Root Root Beat?
The new Bimani game?
Oh, U-Beat!
U-Beat, yeah.
And it looked very cubical.
It looks, oh, our friend in Japan.
Is that who that was?
Yeah, U-Beat is kind of one of those games I'd like to play at some point.
Weren't they testing it in the U.S.
and then they just kind of stopped, I guess?
I don't know.
She listed it as Jewbeat.
Or maybe it's you as in the Spanish J. I don't know.
I would say there might be a chance at E3.
Sometimes if Konami's got a lot of Bomani games they want to show, they'll roll out a lot of machines at E3.
They had Supernova.
They did.
They brought a Beatmania 2DX machine in 2006, I think it was.
They brought a...
Sometimes they'll bring them to E3 for awareness.
I don't know why I mentioned that on the show.
Wasn't it distorted?
Sometimes they're the Japanese games.
It wasn't distorted.
It was distorted.
It was distorted.
Yeah.
They brought it to E3 one year.
That was the new game that was out in Japan.
Yeah.
So, we'll see.
But U-Beat, I don't think is... And it's not Jew-Beat.
Well, that's why I didn't know because I had seen... I know, but a lot of people... Because it's J-U-B.
I've seen people spell it both ways.
And besides that, I wouldn't have known if I hadn't seen the kana for it.
I'd like to check it out at some point, but probably never will.
Oh yeah, and they actually called it in the limited location test They actually called it, and DarkTest Studio clarifies in chat You beat, with like a U And that's not a bad name for a game But it could be taken many ways You beat what?
Oh, we're 12 Alright, this is the part of the show where we get a little bit angsty Because, I don't know, we've just been that way for 8 years So deal with it, it's CFU's of the week
Effie goes to allergies and the city of Dixon, namely their pollen.
Loki!
Effie to bad CD dumps.
Because it sucks.
Um, I don't know, like overall I've had a pretty good week, but then the past couple days, like Mother Nature or whoever has it out for me out there was just kind of like, I'm gonna kick you, brr brr brr, repeatedly, brr brr, in the balls, brr brr.
But actually, you know what, all things considered Things could be a lot worse And I don't have it so bad So I'm not that angsty But I will say an FU Oh, there was something that ticked me off the other day And I was like, that's going to be my FU of the week on OLR Now I can't remember what it was, so I guess it didn't make me that angsty FU to the fact that I still don't go out and buy a new car I've been saying I'm going to do it for like a year and I still haven't FU to myself
All right, let's get into a couple more stories and then... Oh, God, your calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
After a couple more stories here, the Skype line will be open at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype or 1-877-GAME-OLR.
But first, a couple more stories.
Loki?
I'm sure with Infinity War going...
I'm not really going their separate ways, but they're kind of dissolving, if you know what I mean.
I'm sure they're going to treat the Call of Duty franchise with the utmost respect.
Although, you kind of wonder with all these different domain names that they're registering, and I'm sure a lot of it's just to kind of make sure that people aren't squatting in the domains.
But, a little bit's kind of weird.
Okay, like for example...
Call of Duty Future Warfare, Advanced Warfare, Secret Warfare, and Space Warfare Space Warfare, huh?
Space Warfare
Call of Duty in space Well, that's gotta be better than vagina warfare
No, I'm being completely serious right now.
There's a new game out, and it's about Vagina.
It's a game called Privates.
It's on the PC, and apparently it's coming to the Xbox 360.
I don't know how the hell this is happening, but apparently it's coming to 360, or at least that's what the developers would tell you.
It's Zombie Cow Studios.
It is...
You lead a teeny tiny gang of condom-hatted marines as they delve into people's vaginas and bottoms and blast away at all manner of oozy, shouty monsters.
So you will be able to shoot the monsters that live inside the vagina.
Take this, yeast infection!
Yeah, actually, you will be able to blast all manners of grody infections.
Dude, this looks like a sperm.
This looks fucking gross.
This looks like an evil sperm.
I'm all for, like, you know, pushing the envelope and everything of good taste.
But this is just stupid.
Like, really, really stupid.
But, you know, I'll have to play it at least once.
You're shooting sperm.
You're shooting evil sperm.
Look at that.
They're evil sperm.
Yes, they are.
They are evil sperm.
How in the hell is this coming out on Xbox 360?
I'm going to make a live journal icon out of one of these evil sperms.
This is not coming out on the 360.
I don't know who the hell they think they're kidding.
But there's no way this game would not get an AO rating.
And Microsoft has it in their thing that AO games will not be released.
And even if they try to do it as an indie game, it will not get past the review board.
Who the hell do they think they're kidding?
It is kind of funny, though, in a 12-year-old sort of way.
I mean, that's the whole point, right?
All right, let's open up the Skype line right now at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
So if you want to give us a call, you can right now.
To give us your thoughts on tonight's show or anything else maybe you wanted to hear us talk about that we didn't do.
How rude.
You can give us a call and set us straight at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
In the meantime, we'll go try to get some last minute stories.
Loki, do you have any last minute stories?
Yeah, something that we were talking a little bit about, a movie coming for a game franchise.
Well, this isn't necessarily a game franchise that's getting a movie, but it has game stuff in it, and that would be that wonderful short film, Pixels.
Hold on, caller, we'll get to you in just a moment.
Pixels, which featured Donkey Kong, Frogger, Space Invaders, and different stuff from Arkanoid, that's being actually made into a full-length movie now.
Yeah, I was reading about that the other day.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, Happy Madison actually picked it up.
All right, let me go to the phone.
Caller, are you there?
Hi, hello, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Rob.
Rob, hey, I like your name.
What's up, Rob?
I am getting feedback.
I'm going to have to hang up.
Sometimes folks will get a little bit of echo because just a little bit of background as to the way we do it here at Orange Lounge Radio.
We have speakers in studio.
We do not wear headsets because there's too many of us to have headsets, especially if we have a guest.
So we do have in-house speakers.
So sometimes you will hear yourself over the speaker, and it's a little crazy.
So do be aware of that if you call in and kind of hear yourself.
All right.
Let's try again.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is Rob-a-ba again.
Oh, it's Rob-a-ba.
Yeah.
The Rob-a-ba.
Are you still getting feedback?
No, I was listening to the show.
I had to turn off the feed so I could hear you.
Ah, yes, that's a good thing.
Just like when you call real radio, you have to turn off your speakers, so that will happen.
Well, hey, I'm glad you're calling in, Rob-a-ba.
What's on your mind?
Okay, well, first of all, I saw you and Bobby playing 3D.GameHeroes this afternoon.
Yes.
And have you gotten to Ortego Town?
It's the second town.
Is that the one in the desert?
Yes.
Is that the one with the foo-foo sequence or whatever it was called?
Poof-poof.
Poof-poof, that's it.
It was the poof-poof sequence.
Is that what you might have been inquiring about?
Yeah, I thought that was hilarious and also really dirty.
It was very dirty.
Okay, in mine, like, I don't know if it was just the way I was playing, but when he woke up from Poof Poof, it was the chick's dad was there and saying, doesn't he give really good massages?
Like, I was like, this game is filthy.
Absolutely filthy.
Yeah, that's what I thought too.
In fact, they used massages the same way that Incredible Crisis used massages to mean something else.
Exactly.
Well, what do you think of 3D.GameHeroes?
Obviously, you've played a little bit if you've made it to Poof Poof.
I'm enjoying it at a Zelda level, but it doesn't seem to go much beyond Zelda.
Weren't you a little bit, like, just slightly disappointed at the customization features in it?
Like, maybe I'm just being a greedy bastard, but I was kind of like, you know, again, we live in an era of LittleBigPlanet, and I was kind of disappointed that the only thing you get to change is the way the hero looks.
Like, I was kind of thinking, like, maybe I'm crazy, but that there would have been more customizability to it.
Death by Poof Poof
Well, I have one more thing to say, and I'm going to post a link in the chat.
There was some story on Digital Times about 10 million iPhones being ordered by Apple, of course, and that they work on the Verizon-type network.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
I thought, and I could have sworn I read this earlier this week, and I'm looking at your story right now, I'm pulling it up, but I thought that the AT&T came out and laid it on the table and said, you know what, bitches?
We're under contract until 2012, so you need to STFU when it comes to this whole Verizon talk.
Yeah, but not if they call it an iPad Mini.
I'm just saying.
That's shady, but funny.
Yeah, I don't think 10 million.
I think it's fake because 10 million is a really bad number to order at startup.
It would be more like two, two to five.
I agree.
The iPad didn't even have that many.
I mean, it was far less, like not even a million iPads did they order right away.
Yeah, something strikes me as fishy about this too.
But I just thought I'd add it because you talked about it earlier.
And like it or not, iPhone is a gaming platform and needs to be recognized.
Especially, we're seeing ports of so many, not just classic, but new.
You can get Street Fighter 4 on the friggin' iPhone.
If you don't consider the iPhone a gaming platform at this point, you are behind the times.
Yes, sir.
All right.
Well, Robaba, it's nice to hear from you, like actual here as opposed to emails.
I mean, don't get us wrong.
We love the emails too, but always good to hear from new callers.
So anything else quickly you want to get out there before we let you go?
No, that's it.
All right, Robaba.
You have a great night.
All right.
Bye-bye.
Did you get it?
Bye-bye?
Forget it.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Username on Skype is Orange Launch Radio.
We can take a few more calls here.
Loki.
See, I gave him a pass on some of the Skype etiquette and so forth because A, I know he's listened to the show forever, and B, you know, if it's your first time calling in, I'll give you a pass on some of that stuff.
So, all is forgiven.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up, guys?
This is Kaijudo.
Hey, what's up?
What's on your mind?
Not much.
First of all, I just want to say that, what was the game you were just talking about?
The Zelda?
3D.gameheroes.
I call that basically Lego Zelda.
It's a confusing game.
I understand that it was kind of like a love letter to Zelda and all the other games from back in the day.
I'm not knocking them for making what everyone's calling a Zelda clone, but just the look of it.
It looks really shitty, man.
It looks like RPG Maker for PlayStation 2.
It's a really bad looking game.
There's, you know, when you're doing retro, I get there's probably that the audience is sitting there listening to this right now going, well, shit, Rob, if you're doing a retro style game, what the hell do you expect them to do?
And I don't know, one thing might be like a free roaming camera as opposed to four fixed cameras you could pick from.
and yes I understand you get to do them in screenshots but I don't know it seems like they did have some optimization problems because again frame skip in a dungeon that's not okay you know just tone down the water effects they didn't need to be that awesome you know yeah I mean yeah that that game I'm pretty sure is giving a lot of people seizures with the water and I mean I can't even make out what I'm looking at half the time you know it's I don't know it's just a really weird
It's just a creepy looking game to me.
I mean, I was never into the Zelda games to begin with, so I would never pick it up, but it's just strange.
I don't know, something off with it.
Yeah, I mean, if you weren't into Zelda, there ain't nothing here for you.
I mean, just walk right on by, there ain't nothing here for you.
Yeah, and that sword is maybe the worst weapon I've ever seen in a video game, just the look of it.
It's just over the top, man.
Yeah, I mean, I can't knock it too much because I haven't played it.
Maybe playing it, you actually get some enjoyment out of it.
But looking at it, I literally wanted to puke on the television screen.
It's a horrible looking game.
The best thing I could compare that sword to is just another LOL moment.
And that game has a lot of LOL moments.
And that ridiculous sword is just another one of them.
You just kind of sit there.
Doesn't the sword get bigger as you level up?
You can go to a blacksmith and get your sword.
You can alter the length and width of your sword.
And I was just waiting for girth.
I was waiting for girth to be an option too.
But no, you can modify the beam that it fires.
But you can go to a blacksmith and get some of that altered.
Alright, and my last comment is, are you guys getting, what is it, Redemption something?
I'm getting it.
I can't remember the name, but I'm definitely getting it.
I know Loki.
Yeah, I'm absolutely getting it.
You already have it, right?
Yeah, I already have it.
But I'm actually getting another copy, too, because I think I'm getting one free for my work.
Nice.
Must be nice.
Is it GTA in the Wild West?
Because that's basically what I want.
That's all it needs to be for me.
um yeah it pretty much I mean it doesn't play exactly like the GTA but I mean there's a lot of similarities and I mean it's not as um like intense as GTA I mean there's a lot I mean it's more open world but there's not as much in the open world because obviously it's the wild west not like a bustling city but it's awesome and it looks like graphics wise it's way better than GTA so it's pretty amazing I remember GTA was like wow look at that I can look across the the
That's kind of creepy.
Like, I mean, in a good way, but that's... Wow, games are too realistic.
I've taken up enough of your time.
You guys have a good night.
I love the show.
Great show.
Keep it up.
We love the call.
Have a good one.
Have a good night, buddy.
Alright, some good calls tonight.
1877gameOLR, username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
Actdeft in our chatroom says, I want a free copy of 3D.gameheroes.
By the way, I like that last caller's comparison to LEGO Zelda.
I think it was a great comparison.
That was funny.
And Donovan in chat says, actually, LEGO Zelda sounds like it could be fun, especially with the LEGO game sense of humor.
I...
that comment actually kind of I think hits the nail on the head it's it's pretty pretty accurate let's see Donovan says hmm Lego wow just as fun of a joke game says the guy who's all tabbing out of wow to type in here addict Jamie you make friends with a lot of wow addicts I gotta say I know what's up with that more people playing Star Trek online with me
I still have the card.
I'm going to use it at some point, but probably after Memorial Day, because if I use it now, I've got too many trips coming up.
I'm going on two weekend trips back to back, so I've got to calm down.
And actually spend time playing the game And then I got E3 coming up too I gotta worry about that I'm gonna be gone a week for that Good times OLR at E3 We don't know what we're doing yet But we'll have Unfortunately it won't be Loki and DarkSakura So we won't unfortunately be able to bring you something collectively Unless maybe there's like some type of I don't know Maybe we'll do something over Skype
because, you know, Loki and DarkSakura will probably be able to follow the news almost better online than I will be being at the show.
But we are going to hopefully bring you some cool interviews at the show.
At least that is the idea.
Loki, do you have any other last-minute stories over there that we can get to while we wait for some more calls?
Um, yeah, this kind of actually ties in a little bit with the last story we were talking about, Inappropriate Games, and of course, you know, leading the market of Inappropriate Games would be Japan, and developer T-Time is bringing new technology into the adult anime game franchise.
Including, they have the face tracking TCAM technology Well now, they're working on hand tracking as well So you'll be able to use Natal-like accuracy to lift skirts and rip off shirts of anime women And they have some demo videos displaying such Unappropriate!
But funny Funny, yes
Good stuff.
Anything else for us tonight?
Ape Escape's coming to the PS3.
That's kind of neat.
And this is kind of disappointing, I guess, but, you know, nowadays we have the internet.
The Nintendo PowerLine is going to be disconnected on June 1st.
Fuck, that was still open?
Yes.
Is that the game counselors?
I think it is.
Holy shit.
Sorry to hear, though, that they'll be out of jobs.
I mean, that kind of sucks.
To be honest, I didn't know you still existed.
Sorry.
It was probably just one guy with his feet up on the desk not getting called.
It's like Loki eating his sandwich.
I do that.
Waiting for the call to come in.
I do that at work.
Hey, if I eat the sandwich at my desk before I go to lunch, that's more time to play Grand Theft Auto.
That's right.
Anything else for us tonight, Loki?
Or DarkSakura, I don't know.
You got anything?
I'm debating doing something really addict-y.
As long as it's not reactivating your WoW account?
No, I'm considering finding a cheap digital download key for Star Trek Online so that I can play a joint drill.
That is pretty addict-y.
But I get another 30 free days.
All right, let's get to another call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is X-Link.
X-Link, what's on your mind, buddy?
Nothing much, I was just talking about the EA, about charging the extra 10 bucks for the sports games.
Yes, I'm surprised more people didn't want to talk about this.
What are your thoughts on this?
Actually, I do, because I love playing the sports games from EA.
In fact, I like playing all of them from time to time, because it's a good way to calm down after having a bad day at work.
Especially with something like Tiger Woods or something.
Though I don't condone what Tiger Woods did, but...
Tiger Woods with Grand Theft Auto
Double Dribble I will totally buy NBA Jam when it comes out too
Boom Shakalaka!
I will too.
That's going to be a great game.
Anyway, so yes, so the sports games.
So what do you think?
Are you pissed?
I didn't play a bucket.
Is it justified?
No, seriously, I don't go online that much and play online.
If I did, I could see maybe paying the $10, but personally I could give $2.
you know two shits about it because I don't really play it online that much if I did I'd play it once in a blue moon so I mean I'm more playing it just for like the season stuff for myself and see how well I can do on the teams than I do playing online against other people that I mostly probably end up cheating anyway so but 10 bucks doesn't really seem that much compared to so like somebody said earlier about you know SOCOM and it being 20 bucks I mean you know it could be a lot worse I mean
I guess my worry is that if this works, it's only going to get worse.
That's my worry.
It's going to get worse no matter what.
We've got to think about it in the long run.
They're going to nickel-dime us no matter what.
Whether it be downloadable content, whether it be online play, whether it be flying unicorns, it's going to always be something.
So...
But I look at it as if I give them $10, they better have the servers running, they better do it good, and they better have it so I can connect to people without any lag or anything like that.
So, I mean, as long as they can do that kind of stuff, I really don't see any kind of problems.
But they probably won't.
I mean, they're not going to change their service just because they're charging an extra $10.
See, the problem is they have all this download content that was out there in all these different ways that they were offering extra add-ons, whether it be buying cheats or buying extra crap that you probably don't need for your sports games.
Well, that maybe wasn't working so well, so now they're making you buy multiplayer online if you...
Purchase the game used so that way they're getting some money for that used purchase versus no money.
But I really don't think they should be getting money for used purchase.
Nowhere else in the industry, any industry, do people get money for a used purchase.
If I buy a used car, I don't have to pay money to the manufacturer because they didn't sell me a new car.
Too fucking bad.
Yeah, I totally agree on that.
And that's going to give other people in our companies reason to do other stuff, too.
And that could get out of control big time.
But, you know, if I wanted to coach and play online real bad, too, I might even look on eBay or something, try to find a code on there that somebody's willing to sell.
Somebody goes, you know, buys the game going, you know what, I'm not going to use it online.
I'm going to sell it.
I mean, I don't see why they couldn't do that.
I mean, I see that all the time with other downloadable stuff, so.
That's a good point.
I mean, maybe somebody doesn't really want to play online or doesn't really have the whole hookup to be able to play online.
So they're just like, hey, I'm just going to sell this code, make a quick $10 or $7, recoup some of the money, and then between that and selling the game used in the first place, make a little more money.
Hey, why not?
Yeah, precisely.
All right.
XLeague, we've got to let you go so we can wrap up the show, but thanks so much for your call.
Anytime.
Thank you.
And good luck on hitting 80 this week.
I'm almost at 79 right now as we speak, so.
All right.
Thanks.
From one addict to another, good luck.
Yeah, thank you.
You're welcome.
I feel kind of bad.
I think I kind of got X-Link hooked on that game.
Like, I feel like, thank God I don't have to pay like, you know, pay like...
Boo Boo
Don't be sad.
There'll be another OLR next week.
Actually, I've got a final thought for you, Rob.
What?
I have a final thought for you.
Loki, do you have a final thought?
I have to see what animals or other animals I can skin in Red Dead Redemption.
It's too bad that you can't skin a human.
Apparently, human skin does not sell for much.
That would be Mortal Kombat.
And my final thought is, it is getting hot in here.
And I have to run errands on my way home tonight from the show.
I just shut the door because I turned on the air again, but Dan's playing something loud.
It's alright.
We're almost done.
We're done.
We're out of here.
He can play loud games.
Alright, that's it.
Thank you guys so much for downloading and supporting Independent Radio, whether it be you're listening live or you're listening on the podcast.
You guys are awesome, and we really appreciate the support.
Because you know what?
We're not the G4...
DarkSakura.com
The whole planet will be listening.
Mwahaha, world domination.
Although, then again, it's been eight years and hasn't worked yet.
But hey, we're getting a step closer every week.
Thank you guys so much and we'll be back to do it all again next week.
Sound good?
Alright.
Yep.
We'll see you next week with more Orange Lounge Radio.
Good night.
See you next week!
Thanks for watching!
