Tonight, May 2nd, 2010, is a six-player 2D Castlevania game on the way?
Bungie signs a new publishing deal, and is yet another sequel to Red Steel on the way?
Enough arguing about the graphics card in our chat room.
Jeez, it's like all these wars.
Can't we all just get along?
Oh, hey!
Hello, my friends, and welcome to episode number 365 of Orange Lounge Radio, the video game talk show where every gamer has a voice.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours with my co-host, the one, the only, the ultimate, the sometimes friendly, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
My headache's gone.
But always ready to make guacamole.
Oh, my guacamole was really good.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
It can't hurt.
It can only help.
I will say this.
Years and years ago, probably about seven, eight years ago, I used to date someone who is vegan, allegedly.
I used to date someone who is vegan, and he really, really liked to cook.
And I will tell you, and I don't like to cook, so I would eat
I love the food that he made.
Between that and that was at the peak of me playing DDR and doing the tournaments and that was when the Orange Bat stuff happened when the show was born, etc.
I was never thinner.
Now I'm fat.
Well, and the whole thing of it is, you know, I really just stopped and looked at everything that I was consuming.
I was having, you know, a couple of sugar-free Red Bulls a day and coffee.
And I was having trouble sleeping.
Duh!
Gee, I wonder why.
And I was really stressed out from work and from, you know, my school projects and a lot of other stuff I have going on.
So I just decided that it's time that I stop putting this off.
Stop putting this?
Yeah, stop putting this off, and just start, you know, doing something for myself.
And, yeah, and no, it's not like the crazy vegan type of people, like, oh, organic food is the only kind of food you can eat, and all these have drugs in them, and... Meat is water!
Yeah, fuck PETA.
Um, however, however...
I do think that the belief would not be there if there hadn't been some basis for it.
So, I'm doing this for me.
I'm not doing it for the bunnies.
I'm not doing it for the cows.
Although I did find that corn fed cow makes me sick.
Grass fed cow does not.
How strange.
I just never would have thought there was a difference.
Keep in mind they feed cows antibiotics to make them digest corn, because cows are not meant to eat corn.
Neither are humans.
Neither are humans.
Anyhow, I love corn.
Let me go.
I've got to introduce everybody here.
I'm sorry for going off on it, but I have to say right now, my headache has finally gone away.
Let me also introduce the host, voted least likely to go vegetarian of all the OLR hosts.
Say hello to the one and only Techmaster Loki.
I'll never go vegetarian.
That's right.
You have to give up your double downs.
I don't eat the double downs anymore.
It's not worth it, seriously.
It was just experiment to see if it was any good.
I see right through their scam of giving me two pieces of chicken for a lot of money.
Well, tonight I noticed you've gone back to the old standard personal size pizza.
Wrong, it was six parmesan twists.
Oh, okay, I'm sorry.
And it's because those are really delicious.
They are delicious.
But also vegetarian.
No, but not true vegetarian because it's cheese and all that stuff.
Whatever the cheese and egg.
Labia?
What?
Octolavio or something like that.
I don't know.
I haven't researched my vegan terminology yet.
Thanks for watching!
If you're listening to us live, pull up a chair and join us in our chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com I know we talk a lot about food on this show, but we also talk about games once in a while, it happens, it's been known to happen Actually, tonight is a very busy game news night, so we have lots of game news to get into here in a little bit Also a game tonight, yay, we're gonna do a game, list list is coming up tonight, part B, exciting You guys asked for a game last week, so we're gonna do it tonight We'll tell you the topic in a little while, but first, how was your gaming week?
DarkSakura.
I played more Babylonian Twins, which is pretty fun.
Some Super Street Fighter 4, which Drury is mean and evil and badass.
Totally.
And I played some pinball.
And more Espagaluda too.
That's just kind of fun to say, Espagaluda.
Let's talk more Super Street Fighter 4 because I bought it this week too.
What console did you guys get it on?
We have 360.
Yeah.
I have PS3.
But you guys have the fight stick, right?
Why are you giggling?
Because.
I know why.
Oh.
That's cool.
You guys have the fight stick on 360, right?
Yeah.
Good times.
But we do have some news though about Game Crazy.
Okay.
And I was going to wait until later on in the show but I figured I'd go ahead and say it because I got an email.
Well, I didn't show roll it because I didn't know if you wanted to talk about it or not, but go ahead and take the floor.
I said I was going to wait, but... GameCrazy's gone out of business.
So, instead of my husband having three weeks of work, he's got 13 weeks of work, so that's good, but at the same time, bye-bye GameCrazy.
So...
I know the rumors have been floating around the internet, and I think the stories we've seen on the internet were a rumor, but... It's true.
It's true.
We got confirmation a week ago, so... Well, I'm sorry to hear it.
More like a couple days ago.
But for every door that closes, another opens, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yada, yada, yada.
It'll be okay.
We're not worried.
I'll put it this way.
We're not worried.
So, it's all good.
We're not worried.
It's just a bummer, though, that an alternative to Baron Von GameStop is now closing.
It seems like they're just dropping like flies.
Did you totally see the GameTrader store that's on Antelope?
What?
And it's more local.
We sell them, yes, and I know they have their logo that's a blatant ripoff of GameStop.
Looks identical to GameStop.
Seriously, the same freaking font.
I don't mean to get local on you guys, but maybe there's like one or two.
There's the guy we met in the line at Target that listens to the show.
So somebody in Sacramento, if he's even still listening.
Some people in Sacramento are listening.
There's also, have you seen that place on Sunrise, Smashburger?
Yes, that too!
Same font, same white and red color and everything, but it's a burger joint.
The font is not a condensed font.
Close.
It's different enough that they can't... You're weird.
I know, I noticed this stuff.
By the way, I'm going to take a picture and put it on the site, but this is the newspaper that I did.
Nice.
Oh, it's all actually printed on paper.
Exactly, so I'm going to take a picture of it.
It's like I can get all my Jewish news.
Well, it was for a fundraiser.
The temple that I go to had a big fundraiser called All That Jazz.
Yeah, you were plugging in on the show a couple weeks ago.
They wanted a newspaper to distribute.
No OLR fans at the show?
I didn't go.
You know why I didn't go, Rob?
Because guess who was sitting her happy butt here in this chair doing OLR?
I'm sorry.
That was me.
All right.
Anyhow, by the way, there are some alternatives.
There's what, the Game Trader?
Is that what they're called?
Game Trader or Trater?
Trader.
There's also that Fair Game.
Now I know the guys there.
The guys at Fair Game are rad.
Aren't they expanding?
Because there's the one over on Fair Oaks, and then there's one right by my house in Rosemont.
X-Box Repairs Quote
Let me go to chat, chat.orange.com.
Ranma says, with GameCrazy going out of business, we only have GameStop left.
There's a lawsuit in there somewhere.
Monopoly?
Trust me, there's people that want to make game stores all the time.
And just like how Blockbuster closing a bunch of stores and Hollywood closing a bunch of stores.
Well, Hollywood's definitely going to be closing a lot of stores and same with movie gallery and stuff.
How that has sparked the independent video growth.
Now you're going to see the independent game store growth go up a little bit.
I mean, game crazies are out there.
Definitely not out there as heavily as, say, GameStop right now.
But there's always alternatives.
You just have to kind of search them out.
You're also forgetting GameStop's biggest competitor in some ways is Walmart.
Target, Best Buy.
Those are all big, big game retailers.
Now, as far as the used game market goes, I don't know.
But you always hear rumors about those companies maybe wanting to get into it.
I don't know.
But it's just sad when more stores like this close, especially when it affects people we know very, very well and so forth.
Anyhow, I hope things go okay in that situation.
Let us know if there's going to be any good sales at least, whatever it is.
Silver lining we can find in this tragic news.
They are in the middle of liquidation.
You know what they say, when life hands you lemons... Throw them back?
Throw them against the wall, stomp on them, squish them, say I don't wanna... I like how Ron White puts it, to quote, When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
Or, when life gives you lemons, find someone who gives potatoes and makes some lemon vodka or something.
Tom.
I said it wrong.
Worst quote.
I said it wrong.
It's like, no, when life gives you lemons, make lemonades and then go find someone whose life gave them vodka.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't even remember if we were still talking about that or not.
Oh, yeah.
Once in a while we talk about video games amongst the guacamole and the vodka.
Yeah.
And Ron White quotes gone horribly wrong.
Yeah.
Yeah, I played a few things this week.
I tried out some of the upcoming Xbox Live Arcade games.
I mean, not anything I was really impressed with because they're just like ports of old arcade games or semi-recent arcade games, I guess.
Racestorm HD, kind of cool.
I actually have Racestorm on my arcade cabinet at home, so...
Honestly, it's just slightly crisper graphics, and that's it.
But otherwise, it plays pretty much exactly the same.
And then, Neo Geo Battle Coliseum was okay.
I actually never played that in the arcade, and it was kind of neat to be able to play as one of the characters from Metal Slug in a fighting game, because he uses his gun a lot.
But it was pretty cool.
So that should be coming out hopefully soon.
I know Raystorm, I think...
We have it in the show role, I think, later on.
So that's also coming soon.
Then other things.
Play more Grand Theft Auto.
Still trying to dominate that.
And played against one guy today who thought... I love these people that I play against that think they're so good and going to teach me a lesson and stuff.
And then I get like a thousand... Did they tell you that?
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to teach you a lesson.
No, no, seriously.
They're like...
Oh, you better remember that!
Yes, you better remember that you got a lucky kill on me after I chased you down through the entire damn city trying to kill you, even though I was $1,500 ahead.
Oh yes, you're so cool that you got one kill on me.
I guess that totally negates those other 15 I got on you.
You will remember that as the one kill they got on you all day.
I think he quit.
Loser.
and then I actually went back to playing a little bit more free mode because it is damn hard to get a ranked deathmatch game nowadays especially in the Battle of the Gay Tonys so free mode has actually been pretty fun we've been running across a bunch of strange people on there so definitely a good time waster
Um, other non-Grand Theft Auto related stuff, played some Marvel vs. Capcom 2 on my arcade cabinet, because, uh, you know, very excited about the sequel coming out, so, gotta get some of that in.
Hopefully have the serve bot back, because that's an awesome character to play as.
And then, um, I think, I think that's it for right now, because I know I've been playing a lot of stuff, but I just can't remember all of it.
Alright, well last week I didn't play a whole lot of games So you guys would be very proud of me that I made up for lost time this week I played Super Street Fighter 4 I bought it on PS3 because as I mentioned on the show a couple weeks ago I don't think I play enough Street Fighter to really justify the arcade stick purchase But I am a fan enough of Street Fighter where I want to buy the upgraded version of Street Fighter So I bought it on PS3 because I've decided I'm declaring war on that D-pad on the 360 And I'm not...
I don't know why it's taking them so long.
So the PlayStation 3... Then what's frustrating is they did at one time.
Remember in Europe they had the green one and they fixed the D-pad apparently.
I know.
Why would you... Maybe they're waiting for Natal or something.
I don't know.
No, they're not waiting for anything.
Why would you fix the problem and go, oh!
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But I will tell you who I love is Guy.
Oh, I love Guy.
That's my favorite character to play.
He's just fun.
And I like how every parting shot of him is his butt.
They have this thing with butts in Super Street Fighter 4.
Have you noticed?
No, I mean, surprise, no.
I just really like playing as him because he can fly across the screen and do all these cheap kick moves that I love.
I love Guy.
Did you play Cody?
and DarkSakura.com.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura.com
I have to tell you, though, this is a huge accomplishment for me.
I was playing matches online, ranked matches, and winning some.
Like, that's huge for me, because I don't think I ever won a single one on 360.
But I won my first match on PS3, and I'm not winning them all, but I'm winning some.
I gotta say, the skill match I'm getting is actually pretty good, because I will play a guy...
and go for like five rounds if the game is configured that way and you know win narrowly and there will be like another guy I was fighting back and forth we just kept coming up against each other in ranked matches and he won half and I won half like it's actually really matching me up pretty well so I gotta I gotta say that
TigerClaw in chat says oh here's another thing guys if you play as Guy or Cody in the car smasher bonus stage you get the oh my car easter egg oh I thought that was normal cause the first time I ever played that bonus stage was with Guy and I just thought that was what was supposed to happen but that makes sense cause that happens in Final Fight too
Speaking of Final Fight, Alan and I decided just for the hell of it we would play through all of Final Fight Double Impact version, the Final Fight game.
And so we played through the whole game the other night.
It doesn't take that long, maybe an hour at most.
So that was kind of fun to play.
And so we went through that.
And the other big, big event in my world is that I finally said I can't take it anymore with my old graphics card anymore.
DRAGON AGE
I bought Dragon Age during the Christmas sale when it was only like $30, but I was really having a hard time playing it because my old video card just couldn't handle it.
And for those of you that are asking, I originally had an ATI Radeon 33.
I got an ATI Radeon 5770 and there was a lot of drama trying to get the card installed because...
Bless Alan's heart.
He knows how to do all that stuff.
I could probably figure it out, but this thing would have confused the hell out of me because this graphic card takes up two slots.
It's so big and has this gigantic fan on it, and that would have confused me.
And then we had to actually go upgrade the power supply because it needs its own power source, and it can't run on the old power supply I had.
So yeah, thank God he knew how to recognize all this stuff because I would have just been lost and cried.
You might have been able to get away with the old power supply if you had the converter for it.
We just got a new supply.
It was like $30, and now it's like 600 watts as opposed to 300.
So it works great.
Oh, 300, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
So, yeah, no, the card works great, and I was able to play Dragon Age.
So I was playing that for a couple hours.
Did a little bit of the Warrior Human beginning because Alan wanted to show me some stuff there.
And I was playing the Mage opening a little bit earlier today, which played so much better.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
it's not a bad deal for Guild Wars because Guild Wars is one of those games you don't pay a monthly fee for it so I can buy it now and if I have the itch to play it in like six months I can just say oh I'll just fire up Guild Wars did you overclock your graphics card once you got it?
I don't think he did that no oh you should it's simple and it's extra oomph
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
So I didn't really play it enough.
I mean, both Dragon Age and Guild Wars I only spent a couple hours with.
But it's fun to be able to play PC games again and not have my computer crying out in pain from it.
And what's also exciting, and I just realized on the drive over here, is that between that new card, my quad core, my 8 gigs of RAM, I ain't going to have a problem playing Final Fantasy XIV on my PC.
So, waiting for that beta test.
I need to upgrade my graphics cards because I have two of them running in SLI, but they're like 8800 Radeon GTS 512s.
Do you want my old card?
No, no.
I have a power supply and an old video card.
My card's way better than that.
It's just a lot of stuff, like if I were to go back and do it again, a lot of these games don't run SLI and it's really disappointing.
And I guess you don't really get that much benefit from it nowadays.
But...
I don't know.
I've got two slots to put graphics cards.
I almost feel obligated to get two more.
Brad from PodCulture in chat says, Sky, I didn't know it was on sale.
You just sold me on it.
There you go.
When you write NCSoft, put As Heard on OLR.
No, but that's great.
No, but I think the logic is fine because $20 for the three-game series and no monthly fee.
I mean, that's a pretty darn good deal.
And Guild Wars isn't a bad game by any means.
I don't think you'll play it forever, but I think you'll kind of go, you know, it's one of those games that would be like, you know, I'm kind of bored of WoW and Star Trek and Final Fantasy and all the other MMOs I'm playing right now.
Let me just fire up Guild Wars for the hell.
What the hell's going on in Guild Wars these days?
That's kind of how I've found it.
I've played it on and off for the past five years.
All right, anyhow, enough of our gaming weeks.
Let's move on and get into some housekeeping tonight.
I don't have a lot except for I might not be here Memorial Day weekend.
It looks like I might be taking a trip, so we might not have a show then, or I don't know if we'll do a pre-taped or something, but that's the first time I'm also telling Jamie and Loki because I didn't think of it earlier.
When?
Memorial Day weekend.
Oh, that's right.
Three-day weekend.
So if you guys want to get away, I'm planning a trip, it looks like.
So I probably won't be here.
Have fun.
We'll see.
We'll see.
It's not going to be an extravagant trip, but just a little getaway.
A little getaway.
Anyhow, more to come on that in the upcoming weeks, though.
We'll let you know for sure what's going to happen.
That's Memorial Day weekend, which I imagine a lot of our listeners, a lot of them are probably going out of town and what have you, too.
Anyhow, also our Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR, and our Facebook, of course, is available, too, at Orange Lounge Radio.
Join us there.
Friend us.
Like our posts.
Share us.
Help us spread the word because we don't really have advertising dollars.
Another place where we could really use help, iTunes and five-star reviews on iTunes are
Just look up Orange Lounge Radio in the iTunes store and say a couple nice words about Orange Lounge Radio.
We really appreciate it.
It really does go a long way because the more positive reviews you get, the higher you go up in the rankings and you get a little more visibility and it works.
That's why a lot of podcasts you listen to want to get the reviews in iTunes because sometimes it's hard to stand out amongst the crowd.
And I'll tell you what, it's tough when you have, you know,
and IG4 and IGN and GameSpot and all these companies with limitless amounts of dollars and budget to pour into advertising and get people and so forth.
It's sometimes hard to stand out amongst that, so we rely on the OL Army to help us out.
All right, let's actually get into some gaming news.
We'll have to actually put down the guacamole for a little bit, step away from the vegetables and get into some actual gaming news.
Loki, start us off tonight.
Call of Duty Modern Warfare 2
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Go to Quick Launch and choose the trial game of choice to play it as a full version.
Now, this doesn't work on all games yet, and there's really just a small list that they have so far that it works with, but, I mean, hey, might as well try it on whatever.
some of the games that have been shown to work with it so far Fatal Fury Special, Metal Slug 3, Samurai Shodown 2 and Metal Slug 7 all those of course being published by SNK so maybe other SNK games might work as well
Let's see, apparently also there might be the King of Fighters 98 Ultimate Match and Garou, Mark of Wolves might play on it.
Okay, break this down for me.
How smart do I have to be with my hacking, cracking sense to get this to work?
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This is a huge flop.
And you can earn achievements on those games as well.
Oh my gosh.
I would imagine it's going to get patched out at some point, but might as well enjoy it while it lasts.
We need to introduce something new here on Orange Lounge Radio called the Dup Factor.
That's right, the Dup Factor.
and the Dup Factor would be Days Until the Patch.
D-U-P, Days Until Patch.
Loki, what do you believe is the Dup Factor?
I'm not sure because I don't think this is... This hasn't been published on major blog sites or anything like that.
Usually when it does hit those... Good thing no one listens to this show.
Yeah, it's a good thing.
you know once that happens they'll be like because obviously Microsoft doesn't read every forum out there so it's hard to say but yeah so that's interesting and if you don't happen to have Mario Warfare 2 that's okay because there's other glitches that also involve the 9199 dashboard as well a couple of the games were also found to be working as full Xbox Live Arcade games as well
Thanks for watching!
and apparently Family Game Night has something else that works like that as well but I'm not sure what's involved with that one but it's just interesting to see that a lot of these glitches are out there
I put the DUP factor at seven days.
I say by this time next week, it's out.
Because I think the... Let me put it this way, okay?
Red alarms are going off at Microsoft as we speak.
Let me put it this way.
I just found out about it this week.
This has been posted for about three weeks now, so... Has anyone... What was the last posting date?
The 22nd.
So it may already...
No, nothing's.
No, I think somebody would have said something in that little thread he's looking at if that's the case.
Or we would have seen a patch on the dashboard or we would have seen a patch for Call of Duty.
But I see seven days.
We'll see.
All right, we'll see.
All right.
Now, Loki, I'm sure you would not be taking advantage of a patch like this.
Or if you have, it's only for journalistic purposes.
I don't really care.
And honestly... Yeah, it's just the SNK games, I mean.
Well, and dude, I have a JTAG console.
I don't need this crap.
I mean, seriously.
Red Steel 2 Not Doing So Hot
Well, they were saying it wasn't doing hot, but that's because they only have data from like, you know, what, 10 days?
You know, not that long.
Well, apparently the game is going to support the Wii Vitality Sensor.
Oh, God.
Fail!
Right there.
Fail.
I'm sorry.
That's going to be awful.
Absolutely awful.
What's the point of that?
How are you going to control the game now?
Because you're going to have... Where are you going to plug the nunchuck into?
Unless they're going to come up with some sort of splitter or something like that for the Wii Remote.
I can't see how this is going to work.
I don't know either.
I don't write the news, I just report it, just so you know.
Fail.
That's all I gotta say.
I was looking for a clip of the old school DDR failed noise to play behind that.
There was a couple other things I wanted to say about this.
It's supposed to, I guess...
This is just part of, you know, if you think about it, Red Steel 2 supported the Motion Plus.
Red Steel was kind of a launch title for the Wii.
It would not be a surprise if this supports the Vitality Sensor because it's just yet another add-on of Nintendo's that Ubisoft is supporting.
The only one that Red Steel really didn't get on was the balance board, to be honest.
So, there you go.
Even though Loki's not a big fan of it, apparently Red Steel 3 with vitality sensors... The vitality sensor is retarded.
I'm sorry.
It's absolutely retarded.
Yeah, it'll be wonderful for the Wii Relax game that comes out and people will buy it because it's like, oh, look, you can relax now, now that Nintendo's helping you.
Hold up, hold on.
How do you really know yet, though?
I mean, all you've really heard about this is a concept.
You haven't seen it in motion yet.
Maybe it'll be neat.
This is someone who gets a blood test twice a year and has her blood pressure checked regularly.
Yeah, but is it fun?
If it keeps me alive.
Yeah, but I don't consider that fun.
I had to have four MRIs a couple years ago to keep me alive, but I wasn't exactly like, gosh, I wish I had one of these at home.
It's a lot of fun.
It's like a colonoscopy.
Oh, well, that helps you stay alive, but I don't think it's fun.
Some people get off on that.
The Wii virtual colon sensor.
Thanks God for when the Human Centipede video game comes out.
I'm just saying though that fun aside, they'll be illegitimate.
And they did say there was like a subtitle at least on the human centipede that it makes it seem like it's going to be one of a series.
So I'm like... That discussion on that movie has gotten far too much airtime on the All News Network.
Let's move on to some more video game stories.
I was actually putting something up for you, Rob.
What's that?
Come and look at it.
I can't even see it.
I'm going to link it to the chat room too.
Is that Gaia?
Yes it is, but so they put up an item called Starmony that's a little rainbow unicorn that says open your eyes.
Loki's the rainbow unicorn fan, not me.
Who's the one that always play in the rainbow unicorn game?
That would be Loki.
That would be Loki.
You need to put that on his wall.
I'm going to post it on my Facebook later.
But I thought it was funny.
Anyway.
So, how about a story?
How about something about Guitar Hero?
I guess, but aren't most of their songs in, like, rock band or guitar here already?
Like, I think, isn't the whole Blood Sugar Sex Magic album on rock band, right?
I think that it's supposed to also have an exclusive for their new album.
Oh.
That's at least the speculation, but then again, you can get the whole thing of Blood Sugar Sex Magic on Rock Band.
But I mean, the Red Hot Chili Peppers were much more than one album.
I mean, they are...
I've been listening to their stuff since George Clinton produced them.
You know, P-Funk, Parliament.
They gotta be like in their 50s by now, right?
Multicolored Dreads.
No.
They're getting there.
They gotta be older.
They gotta... I think the...
Red Hot Chili Peppers is far more expansive than Green Day.
I agree to an extent, yeah.
I think it's a good choice for their own video game.
I would look at it.
I don't know if I'd pay $50 for it, but I'd look at it and I'd go, oh, neat, I like these songs.
We'll see, though.
I don't know.
See, but then there's that part of me that goes, I don't know, Guitar Hero Van Halen was kind of poop.
Yeah, they're better off sticking with Rock Band.
Just putting out more content for Rock Band.
We'll see.
Well, I'm just like, because I thought they were supposed to be cutting back.
Well, I guess they sort of have cut back on Guitar Hero a little bit because we haven't had a game in like six months.
Well, not six months, four months.
Yeah, six months.
Is that counting like DS versions and all that?
No, no, I take them back.
I'm sorry.
I take them back about four months.
And yes, it does count DS versions and whatnot.
And nothing I've seen on the horizon yet until like fall, which is good.
So here's a rumor that's kind of interesting.
We may have talked about it a little bit before when it was discovered as a trademark from Konami, Harmony of Despair.
Well, a trusted source, as Joystick puts it,
It says that Harmony of Despair is a 2D, 6-player, Xbox Live Arcade game.
You'll get to play as some of the old characters, or I guess main characters from a bunch of different games.
And it's supposed to kind of appear like the Game Boy Advance or DS versions of the game.
So I guess like, you know, Super NES type thing.
and you'll get to play with a bunch of people at the same time and they'll actually be able to zoom out to show where everyone's at and stuff like that.
So six player co-op Castlevania sounds kind of fun actually.
I feel like God has finally listened to me.
Thank you.
Thank you Jesus.
This is what I've been asking for for how long now on this program.
Give me a old school 2D New Castlevania game on my television and this sounds sweet that it's going to be like six players zooming in and out co-op stuff sounds kind of rad actually.
Sounds way better than Judgment.
And then when you're done with this Nintendo give us a new Metroid like this and then when you're done with this Konami you can come back and give me a new Contra like this.
No Frogger.
Do not want Frogger with six people.
Unless it's an extreme frogger.
I gotta admit though, this sounds very awesome.
Can you imagine being able to explore the castle with multiple people at the same time?
But how would that work?
Because there's gonna have to be some type of random castle generator element to it or something or else it's always gonna be the same damn game.
Obviously, this is a very early type of story, and it's also rumor, right?
It's not confirmed.
Yeah, it's rumor right now, but maybe they're going to have multiple castles or something like that, or you'll be able to download extra castles later.
God, I hope it's at E3.
I really want more information on this soon.
It sounds great.
Or maybe that partner net site will leak everything like it always does.
That would be wonderful, too.
We'll see you next time.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
AmazeSatsuma in our chatroom chat.orangehauntradio.com says, I'd be fine with a six-player Frogger if I could play as a truck.
That would be awesome.
I want to play as a gator.
That's like Frogger versus.
Remember in Pac-Man versus you could be the ghost?
That would be amazingly fun.
Total side note, but it's not on our show roll, but I think this chat room comment is worth reading.
Spyro in our chat says, is there no more game room games being released now?
You know, they were supposed to put out like Pitfall and...
Super Breakout I think were some of the big games this week and it got halted the release just didn't end up happening and there was actually a tweet over on god I can't believe I'm using Twitter but the thing is Game Room did not have much of a good website behind it I mean I guess they have an official website but it kind of sucks they don't have the greatest web presence I don't know this thing was kind of set up to fail from the beginning but on their Twitter which is at Live Game Room they say
First off, they broke the news by retweeting Major Nelson.
That's awesome.
Professional radio.
They broke the news by retweeting Major Nelson saying, We're working to bring you additional Game Room titles as soon as possible.
I'll let you know the moment I have more details.
And then they sent an app message to somebody saying, There was a delay in the game pack release.
We'll update when we've got more details.
That's it.
So, I mean, fail.
Fail, fail, fail.
I kind of regret a couple weeks ago when I was reviewing Game Room on the show I said hey this is going to be better than Virtual Console because at least you know although it has plenty of room for improvement it's more than just straight up ports of the games well I mean at least games are coming out for Virtual Console
It irritates me because there was so much potential here that they have just crashed and burned with.
It's so frustrating.
This is an awesome idea.
Well, they should have integrated it with different Xbox Live Arcade games, so it wouldn't matter that they're not putting out any because you could still use your Xbox Live Arcade games and have them in your arcade and whatnot.
And then here's the thing.
SSJ100Matt says, Seriously, Game Room was supposed to be Microsoft's answer to Home, but it's just as much of a failure as Home.
So far, that is.
I don't know if I'm okay with the Game Room to Home comparisons.
I think people assumed...
It was going to be like home because you would be able to navigate around in the first person, which was, I don't think, ever the case.
I think Microsoft's always kind of strung you along with the, well, maybe we'll implement that someday.
Dude, you can't even fucking release a new pack for the game on time.
You're not going to have the full first person movement around like home ever.
Ever.
Prove me wrong, please.
I'm just irritated because the problem is if this fails which it's starting to look more and more like it's going to and how fucking disappointing is that that we're never going to get any more packs for this game at the rate we're going you know whatever happened to like the thousand games if this thing fails we're not going to see anything like it
until maybe the next generation.
Maybe.
Maybe on Nintendo's Wii HD or whatever console they do after the Wii, maybe they will finally say, okay, you can play the old NES games over the internet after you re-buy them for five bucks a piece.
Just irritates me.
I am mad.
Anyway.
Rob?
What?
Deep breaths.
I know, it's just frustrating.
As a retro game fan, you know, I was really excited about a lot that Game Room had to bring, and it didn't really suck.
I mean, there was a lot of promise with it.
I mean, yeah, they could have had a little more, but...
Hopefully I'm just overreacting and this is all fixed in a week.
I mean, maybe they had problems with the whole PC.
And I heard people were able to hack certain games in Game Room, like a lot of the high scores on Asteroids were faked.
So maybe for quality purposes they pulled it back.
But when I hear about these layoffs, when I see crappy web support for this, my hope fades more and more.
I have a feeling that there's going to be all sorts of...
Exploits with it because it's in file form and people have modded consoles and they're gonna hex edit crap so that they can cheat in the games and it's gonna screw up the leaderboards and
Prove me wrong, Microsoft, please.
Please.
I would love to get proven wrong on this.
Meanwhile, other news.
PlayStation 3, and here's something else to rage about.
Of course, we reported a couple weeks ago on the show, and I'm sure you read about it everywhere on the internet, or you saw this firsthand.
They took out the other OS feature on the PlayStation 3.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Somebody sued.
A class action lawsuit for removing the PlayStation 3 support for other OSs.
Anthony Ventura is the lawsuit filer's name.
The plaintiff.
I'm a plaintiff.
He filed a class action lawsuit against the company saying that it's a breach of contract, false advertising, and you know all this other big legal words.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
I don't know if it'll work, but it's interesting that somebody's actually filed a lawsuit over this.
As I suspected somebody probably would in this too happy nation that we're in.
I don't know.
What do you guys think will happen with this lawsuit?
I don't know.
It'd be interesting to see how it plays out.
I'm interested because I have a system that hasn't been updated yet and I'm not planning on updating it because guess what?
I haven't bought any new games for it since LittleBigPlanet.
I think the biggest kicker here is are they going to be able to prove that this was an advertised feature?
That's going to be tough.
And I don't think they're going to be able to get away with it.
Maybe in other countries, but not here.
I don't remember that being advertised.
It's not on a commercial or something, but they did advertise it coming out of E3 and that kind of stuff.
And it was a feature, and it's in the console.
It's not like, you know, people didn't know it was there, but...
I do think it's kind of messed up.
It's the whole kind of conspiracy part of it, or I guess paranoia part of it.
It's like if they're going to take this out because some hacker or whatever found a way around their copy protection and stuff, which didn't really happen.
I don't think anyone's actually found a way around their copy protection yet, other than the fact that they're starting to mess around with Linux, but...
I'm surprised they haven't.
I don't know.
And let's just say, for example, that they decide later on, hey, you know what, we're going to start selling PlayStation 2 games on the PlayStation Network.
Now we're going to remove your backwards compatibility so you can buy those games from us.
Again.
That would be kind of shady.
And if you want to play your PlayStation 2 games, you can go buy one of our $99.99 PlayStation 2 Slim systems.
But at the same time, let me play devil's advocate for a minute here.
Because Ranma says, forget the lawsuit, people.
Just trade in your PS3s for something worthwhile.
That chat coming from chat.orange.radio.com Well, I mean, to play devil's advocate, you never could install Linux on a 360.
You can't even get the web on your 360.
I mean...
You can now, but... Well, without... Legitimately, none of these features are possible.
I mean, you can still get the other OS feature on your PlayStation 3, too, if you know where to look.
Right?
Well, it's being worked on or something, something.
Anyway.
Yeah, I guess we'll see what develops with this.
It'll be very interesting, though, because you know what happens is that if this guy wins, you'll all be able to get a check in the mail for like five whole dollars.
Because that's what happens with class action lawsuits.
Or maybe they'll have to give out a free game or something.
I don't know.
Hey, that'd be nice.
Yeah, but I mean, what if that free game is like Yaris 2 for the PS3 or something?
You know, it doesn't have to be a good game.
Freeze free?
Yeah.
I don't know.
There's some things that you couldn't even pay me to play for free.
It's like bad.
Anyway, let's move on.
More gaming news, DarkSakura.
How about something happier?
Yes.
Happy, happy, joy, joy.
Cub Scouts!
I thought you said happier.
Well, yeah, okay, I know, little Mormons in training.
Sorry, I didn't say that.
I was in the Cub Scouts for a year.
One whole year.
I was in the Cub Scouts and the Boy Scouts and I never became a Mormon.
In fact, I just learned how to set fire to things and tie knots.
I forgot the knots part.
Oh, if only they knew I was a gay in training.
It's so awesome though.
I mean, seriously, if you want to have fun in the Boy Scouts or something like that, just buy the damn manual, give it to your kid, have them read through it.
That's all the information you need.
The rest is just camping trips and Pinewood Car Derby.
That's all it really is.
Although we built a catapult one time and that was awesome.
I love how DarkSakura's like, I swear to God, I have news to report.
Will you boys stop reminiscing about your stupid scout troops?
We build wooden cars, just so you know.
Anyway, hi.
So, for the Cub Scouts, there's a new badge available.
Sorry, belt loop, or whatever the crap that means.
You can get a video game belt loop, I guess.
I don't get a belt loop.
I don't remember them having belt loops.
I remember the badges.
The badges I remember, yeah.
They usually get sewed on and then there was the little patches.
There were patches and there were badges.
So now they have belt loops too, whatever.
They get more bling.
It was pins back in my day.
Yeah, that's what I meant.
Pins.
Anyway.
I remember they would flip the kid upside down and put the pin on when the kid was upside down and then when you actually did whatever, your parents could turn it right side up as if you weren't capable of just doing it yourself.
If you did, you'd go to hell.
You make John Smith cry.
Anyway, I'm going to... Can I tell you a true story?
I'm sorry, DarkSakura.
I know you have a legitimate gaming story here.
Hey, guess what?
What?
My mother... Carrot.
Pulled me out of Cub Scout.
She didn't want me going anymore.
Because you know why?
True story.
She didn't like the other kids in my troop.
She thought all the other kids in my troop... And ten years later, she told me this.
Quote, all the other little kids in your troop were little assholes.
I love your mom.
And I didn't want you hanging out with those assholes I love your mom So, Rob No offense meant to any scouts who might be listening to the show I'm just saying that, you know, the Roseville troop was a bunch of assholes, allegedly So, the whole way to get this video game belt loop You have to complete three tasks And I think this is actually a really positive thing
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
You earn a pin by completing five of nine tasks, which would be... With your parents, create a plan to buy a video game that is right for your age group.
Like, that's hard.
compare two game systems and explain the differences between the two and good purchase or use of a game system play a video game with family members in a family tournament teach an adult or friend how to play a video game list at least five tips that would help someone who was learning how to play your favorite video game
Play an appropriate video game with a friend for one hour Play a video game that will help practice math, spelling, or other skills that help you in your schoolwork Choose a game you might like to purchase and compare the price at three different stores Decide which one's the best deal Include factors like return policy and warranty And with an adult supervision, install a gaming system
um okay I think it's good because it's encouraging you know family time it could be good for parents to demystify video games
Yeah, it's not a bad thing.
I mean, I know we're sitting here and teeing about it, but yeah, it's encouraging what should be happening in the first place.
Parents and kids to talk about the kid's hobby.
Who would have thought?
When I was a kid, my papa and I, my dad's father, we used to sit around playing Jackal.
On Nintendo, on the big screen TV, which is a war game where you shoot people and run over them in a tank.
And we played, get this, Abadox.
That was supposed to be the most disgusting game at the time.
I love Abydox, for the record.
I could imagine coming home from a Cub Scout meeting and telling my mom, Hey, Mom, I want to get this video game badge that they're giving away.
So would you sit for me for an hour while I install a video game system and show you how to do it?
She'd just be like, Where's the paper that I just signed?
Well, also, they're...
I think that kind of also, you know, sort of discounts the fact that a lot of these parents might have grown up with video games, too.
You know, my mom and I used to play Tetris together.
And we used to play Super Mario Brothers and all kinds of games.
Okay, stop trying to smack the fly with your pizza box.
There's a fly on the loose in the studio.
Keep in mind.
It flew outside, it flew outside.
Keep in mind.
Stay out.
In two days, it will be dead.
Dead.
Not if I can help it.
Won't take that long.
Flies really don't live longer than a few days.
That's the comfort I take in that they're going to die soon.
Tangent Lounge Radio, back to the Cub Scouts, please.
I have carrots.
They're delicious and raw.
Cub Scouts!
I said my piece.
Oh.
Now if they wanted them to really earn the damn badge, they should program a game.
I'm very disappointed.
Well, that's a programming badge.
I'm very disappointed, though, that not one of those little, I guess, achievements or requirements on that list is go to arcade.
Well, because there are no arcades anymore.
That's a myth!
In some parts of the states, there are no arcades.
Well, then, you know what?
You don't really want that badge now, do you?
Here's the thing.
The only problem... I don't know if I want to even open this door and go there, but I live there.
The only problem I have with this badge, like I think it's a good thing and it's encouraging the family to talk, yada yada yada, is that this badge could go right next to your queer-hating badge because, you know, the Boy Scouts won't, you know the whole thing about how, you know, they won't let gay guys be scoutmasters and so forth because apparently all gay guys know how to do is molest kids.
They won't let them be scouts at all.
It's just... I think at that age, you're kind of too young to know anyway, so I think that argument's irrelevant.
Like, honestly.
Like, you know, how old are Boy Scouts?
Like, 12 to, like, 15?
Like, you just... Here, everything is...
It's not even an issue at that age.
If it is an issue, you're too young.
Don't even think about that stuff.
It does kind of irritate me that they don't really have a good reason for justifying why
I don't know why homos would want to be involved with such an organization that hates them, but if they do, they should, you know, get to do it.
My problem is, why is this even a badge in the first place?
Because I thought the Boy Scouts and Cub Scouts and whatever were all about kind of like the whole outdoors, you know, the woodsman, you know, type mentality where it's like learning how to kind of, not really necessarily survive, but there are survival tools in there as well and, you know, kind of, you know, how to be good, you know,
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
VCR, TiVo Badge
No, you just have to know how to be a priest Oh
And if that joke offended you, guess what?
Now you know how offended I get when I hear the rationalization for why gays can't be in Boy Scouts.
And there you have it.
See, I offended people, but to teach a lesson.
Now you know how I feel.
All right.
It is offensive.
Moving on.
Release dates.
Let's go to the U.S.
and see what games are going to be coming out soon.
Loki.
Not much.
This week is pretty light, and it's sad that one of the biggest games this week is actually Iron Man 2.
Of course, coming out on Friday in theaters.
You've got to have your typical movie-tying game.
But don't worry.
Sega says that this game isn't crap like the last one.
That's famous last words from people that make crappy ported or movie tie-in games.
Other fun stuff coming out this week.
Picross 3D.
It's Picross, but it's in 3D form.
And you make nice little cube animals.
Um...
Total War Battle Pack Total War Battle Pack Total War Battle Pack Total War Battle Pack
Dance Sensation, Dementium 2, Cup Scout Badge
and also this week the official Xbox 360 USB flash sticks.
These are hilarious and I'm laughing at the prices.
An 8GB USB flash drive will cost you $39.99 and a 16GB flash drive will run you $69.99.
I was just pricing these online because I'm planning on picking up an 8GB and guess what?
You can get them for about half the price.
So really, thank you Microsoft for
still overcharging, it's not going to work as well with a USB stick and that's it for this week
Golden Week
Is it?
Golden Week.
It's a big... Like finals and school night?
No, no, no, no.
It's like, if I remember right, Golden Week is when families go back to their hometowns and visit with people.
Like, everything's closed.
I just know the 5th of May is Children's Day.
Oh, maybe that explains where the holiday comes from in WoW.
Because this is Children's Week in WoW right now.
Yeah, I totally just made a Warcraft reference.
Hey, Nintendo Wii, also nothing this week.
Really?
No releases until the 13th of May.
PlayStation 2, nothing.
DS, nothing.
PSP, nothing.
Nothing is coming out in Japan until the 13th.
Okay, by the way, I found it.
What's that?
Golden Week, it's paid time off on the work days.
Some companies completely close down and give their employees time off.
It's the longest vacation period of the year for many Japanese jobs.
So, yeah.
I wish we had that over here.
I know, I want Golden Week.
How about Golden Arches Week?
We have FIFA World Cup Soccer to look forward to when Golden Week's over.
It's because there's... It's because there's... 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 holidays during that period of time.
Wow.
Well, we get Cinco de Mayo over here.
We don't get it off, do we?
I mean, really, I don't think Cinco de Mayo is really like actually an American holiday anyway.
It's just one we kind of borrowed from our neighbors to have an excuse to drink.
Mexican food potluck day.
Exactly.
As if work needed another excuse to have a potluck.
All right.
Let's move on.
How about the UK?
Is there any holidays in the UK stopping video games this week?
No.
I don't think so.
Why don't they celebrate Cinco de Mayo?
Runaway 3 for DS, Runaway A Twist of Fate for PC on the 7th by the way, Sin and Punishment 2 for Wii, and What Did I Do to Deserve This My Lord?
Dude, that's awesome that they're getting Sin and Punishment 2 seeing as ours has been delayed.
Yeah.
But that last one's on PSP and that's really it.
Alright, a few more gaming stories for you guys and then the classic game of the week where DarkSakura is going to dig through the vaults and believe me kids, she's digging this week.
Loki.
You may remember that Microsoft sued Datel over their unofficial max memory memory cards that they had out because they took little micro SD cards and allowed you to use them on the Xbox 360 which now that I think of it, it's kind of funny because
They actually... Now that they've opened that up, you don't really need these memory cards.
Talk about... Sucking.
Anyways, so... To kind of respond to Datel's request, they filed an antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft.
Pissed off that they weren't kind of playing on even playing ground here.
And...
I kind of remember this whole back and forth from a couple weeks ago.
Yeah, they're basically saying that the claims that by detail that they locked them out with a firmware update and Microsoft has used its status as a platform holder to unlawfully prevent competition.
Which I can see that because there's a lot of
A lot of first-party products out there, but there's a lot of stuff that you have to get approval from Microsoft to build the release items for those systems.
I think that pretty much goes with any other system, but seeing as the Wii and the PlayStation 3 use open storage formats, the SD memory cards and USB memory sticks and stuff like that, now Microsoft...
You can see how that would be a problem since they were, prior to the last firmware update, only allowed to use either the hard drive or a memory stick, memory unit from Microsoft.
They're saying in Microsoft's motion to dismiss, because they tried to dismiss it, it claimed that the language in the additional terms and conditions clause of the Xbox 360 product warranty, because everybody reads that,
um barred the use of unauthorized peripherals and the company backed up its case by citing Apple's I guess successful defense of its right to limit the use of OS X to its own hardware and the court rejected Microsoft's motion to have it dismissed so it will apparently go to trial
Although at this point it's like, well, that's great and all, but in the meantime, I'll just pop in my USB memory stick to save my games now.
So that's going to be kind of hard to make the case now.
Hmm.
Well, I mean, do you think this is going to be one of those cases that gets dragged out for years and years, or is it going to get settled pretty quickly?
What do you think?
Put on your legal expert hat.
I think it'll probably get settled because, you know, really, yeah, it sucks that they made these devices and they got pulled from the market really quick.
My thing is, though...
Thanks for watching!
I don't know.
It's hard.
Yeah, they're not making them.
Yeah, well, they're not making them now.
But if they were to, say, completely ignore the time when they had just the memory units, now that argument doesn't really hold.
But, of course, this took place before that update.
But it almost makes you wonder if that update was partially in response to this.
But who knows?
It just sucks for them.
That's an interesting thought because it did seem like that USB thing came out of nowhere, didn't it?
I think they were worried that there was going to be some sort of... Because with this, you'll be able to access your files on your memory cards or whatever, and you might be able to cheat or something, like edit your save games or something, which I can tell you right now that wouldn't have stopped them because it's very easy to do that if you have the right tools.
Even easier now that they have USB support.
It's like...
A program in hex editing Alright, we're gonna go ahead and move on We got one more story for you guys before we get to the classic game of the week And that story has to do with something we sort of talked about last week Don't know if you heard, but apparently a leaked GameStop ad has revealed that a black Wii bundle is on its way Who would have thought?
I had never heard about this
Yes, this black Wii will contain a Wii Mode and Motion Plus and Wii Sports, Wii Sports Resorts, all for $200.
However, it's supposed to be coming out May 4th, which differs from an earlier report.
But the interesting thing is that, I'm sorry, the ad is not supposed to go up until May 4th, but it got leaked.
The debut of the system, I'm sorry, is May 9th.
which differs from the earlier report Canada is supposed to get it on May 23rd which is interesting because May 23rd is the date that had originally been reported and my source was not Canadian thank you very much so don't know what happened there but could also be that more is to come because Nintendo has yet to make any official announcement you have to keep in mind all of this is still rumor it's just that now instead of you know some schmo on an internet radio show saying something now there's a picture to prove it it's coming
Whereas everybody outside of the U.S.
is rolling their eyes and saying move on with it.
We already have the Black We here.
Well, it's news here.
Anyhow, Nintendo is pissed.
Okay, they commented actually on what's going on here.
Well, no, they didn't comment.
They made threats which caused GameStop to comment.
Here is an email.
I love this because this whole email is about stop leaking stuff and then the email gets leaked.
That's my favorite.
So here it is.
Here's the email.
Let me read the email that went out to all the stores.
As you know, there is a lot of rumor and speculation about various new products and titles launching this year.
One of these is the Black Wii.
Various blogs and internet sites are raising awareness about this product.
GameStop stores and associates should not proliferate these rumors.
Today you received Pop, I guess that's what.
P.O.P.
What is that?
Point of purchase advertising.
Whatever.
For your windows regarding the Black Wii, somehow a picture of this appeared on the internet.
It's just somebody snapped it with their camera phone.
I mean, it's not that hard to figure out.
Oh, hey, it may seem cool to be in the know and feel compelled to share something like this.
Nothing can be further from the truth.
All activity like this does is hurt our reputation with publishers and manufacturers and potentially hurts our company.
Until Nintendo decides to announce their product, their was capitalized, that's why I shouted it, there should be no discussion of it with customers, period.
If they ask, it's not appropriate to comment on speculation and rumors should be the answer.
That's dumb.
So in other words, you should just confirm it.
Just say, I don't know.
Here's an excuse that people will believe.
Dude, I work at a game store.
I don't know.
Don't believe that.
Anyway.
Bitch, please!
Well, here's the funny thing about it.
Hold on.
Oh, sorry.
If you didn't want news on this to get out until May 4th, then maybe you should have sent out the materials, I don't know, May 2nd?
I mean, come on.
If you're going to pay these guys next to nothing, and let's face it, these employees at GameStop don't make enough money to shut up.
Right?
Yeah.
I mean, you shouldn't be telling the whole world that the Black Week's coming out if you don't want people to say things about it.
And I love how they put, oh, it hurts our relationship with Nintendo.
Yeah, I'm sure Nintendo's going to go, oh, we're not going to ship product to our largest partner.
Actually, Loki, actually, Loki, they did make that threat.
Apparently, that is the rumor going around.
Nintendo did make the threat to pull all of its products from GameStop Stories.
You know what I have to say to Nintendo over that?
Right.
bitch please it would never happen bitch please never happen what other game stores are there?
I mean, you're gonna just rely on Walmart and Target and all that for your sales?
I mean, come on.
Maybe they'll actually send us an actual decent... I mean, that is an empty threat if I've ever heard one.
Maybe they'll send us a decent quantity of product then, because we service all the independent guys and they seem to fuck us over all the time, so... I would love to see the big gorilla in the corner GameStop get fucked over once.
Ha ha ha!
Or twice.
Yeah, you're kind of sitting there going, leak more, leak more.
It's not going to do anything.
Let me put it this way.
Game stops leak information all the time.
Not only do you leak information all the time, I'm sure that they're the source of a lot of the leaked games that appear on the internet as well.
Oh well.
Things get leaked.
Trust no one.
And you know what?
These people don't give a shit.
Look at the music industry.
I mean, CDs get leaked weeks before their release date on the internet.
And you know what they say about when something hits the internet, it's done.
Everybody's got it now.
Once it's been put on the internet, it is not coming off.
Period.
Anyhow.
So yeah, the Black Wii is coming.
Big surprise!
Five minutes of fame and an eternity on the internet.
Well, here's the thing.
The only reason why they probably didn't want to leak, and this is a stupid reason anyways, is that's going to hurt the sales of the Wii right now.
Because people are like, why the fuck am I going to pay $1.99 for the Wii when I can get the Wii with Wii Sports Resort?
for the same price.
But retailers are already doing that.
We had a story a couple weeks ago about Walmart was already selling this as a bundle, and I believe other games... Yeah, they already have it.
So what's Nintendo's problem?
But it's black!
Bitch, please!
I don't know.
All I can say is that my Wii's been gathering dust for...
Five months?
I would love to see that meeting where somebody at GameStop says that to Reggie Fils-Aim's face.
Bitch, please!
I still want to borrow your Wii Fit.
Maybe I want to use it.
If you're not using it.
Yeah, sure.
Okay, thank you.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
Spyro in chat says, Wade, it's already here.
Yeah, that's my other thing.
Is it like in all the rest of the world, like the UK and what?
Doesn't even Canada have the Black Week?
No, no, because it's supposed to come out May 23rd.
Pretty much everywhere but the US and Canada has already had the Black Week.
They'll announce it like tomorrow, okay?
I mean, they're going to make the announcement soon.
It's retarded that they're not.
Maybe on the 4th.
I don't know why they wait until Tuesday.
But it's just going to be an announcement.
And whoop-dee-shit.
Okay, seriously.
Really, a color change?
That's really going to get people to buy the Wii that didn't before?
I would have bought it, but if only it were black.
Going to comments from our chatroom, chat.orangeloungeradio.com Actdeft says, to Nintendo, you mad?
Ranma says, is that sky getting sassy?
Frisbee says, Nintenlol And Tigerclaw says, a black Wii would be nice, but it's not going to hide all the dust it will collect turning it into a white Wii Should be more of like a grayish Wii, but I get your point, that's true It's going to be like the PS3's little dust magnets
Good times, good times.
Hey, it's that part of the show where we're going to, speaking of dusty things, we're going to jump into DarkSakura's vault and pull out a video game that's a classic.
It's time to bring a game up from the vaults of history and deem it as a true classic that you kids need to respect and adore and play some of this week.
It's DarkSakura's classic game of the week.
DarkSakura, what game did you pick for us this week?
I picked a sequel, Rob.
I picked Dodonpachi.
Dodonpachi.
Can't say I've heard of this game.
Let's check it out.
What's Dodonpachi?
You haven't heard of Dodonpachi?
I don't think so.
Like one of the classic cave shooters.
Countdown begins.
As in the company that gave us Eskabaluga Whale.
I'm sorry, Eskabaluda.
I know, I know Cave, but I didn't play all of their games.
I mean, was this actually released in the U.S.?
What system was this on?
Well, I played Dodonpachi in the arcade.
It was published by Atlus.
But yeah, for systems it came out on... Let's see.
I'm trying to remember, because I think that there was... Wasn't there...
I don't remember if it was arcade only.
It couldn't have been arcade only because I know that this... And I think that Dodonpachi came out in the arcade only.
Because I really don't remember playing this at home.
I've just had name wrongs.
It was also on the Saturn.
That's right, it was on the Saturn.
And the original PlayStation.
Thank you for watching!
and then there's another twist in this one but I'm not going to really go much into it but you have different fighters you have your type A which is a narrow stream of shots you have B which is a helicopter that has guns forward and side guns and then type C
which is a wide three-way spread of shots.
You've got different guns, lasers, bombs, all kinds of different stuff, different power-ups.
You get shot mode and laser mode.
Different collectible items where you can get power to increase your guns and lasers.
Bombs where you get more bombs.
MP appears when you've lost all your lives.
So when you continue, you can pick that up and you start back at full strength.
Which is also in Escaluda.
and in another game that... Crap, it's supposed to be even harder than that.
I had set a link aside to get the name of it, but anyway.
You also... Now, this is something else that totally incorporated into Escaluda later on is that you can get stars for...
for killing a boss, a mid-boss or an end-boss.
And their bullets are converted into stars, and you get 100 points.
Then you get a giant star when you get 10,000 points for a multi-part boss.
And then a pentagon that gives you 300 points, but you only find them on the ground.
And by the way, the other game that I am thinking of is...
Mushahime-sama
You've also got a maximum mode in this where if you trigger a bomb when all of your bomb slots are full and then your score increases by 220 points per 1 60th of a second.
Yeah.
And so you start off with a two multiplier and you increase by one for every successive bomb collected in maximum mode.
So it's pretty crazy.
You also have a get point system where you have a combo gauge and you get increased number of points from enemies' larger hit counts.
It's pretty complex.
It's got other stuff.
So you've got different areas in the game.
but area 7 you can only get to by entering the second loop which is done by completing the first six areas on one credit and doing any of these following requirements where you lose two lives
or depending on which one you lose for type A you have to have a maximum hit count of 270 hits type B 300 and type C 330 or score at least 50 million points at the end of area 6 or collect all 13 B's in 4 of the 6 areas
And the second loop has the same areas, same bosses, but you have many, many, many more bullets.
And giant mechanical bees.
And then you get the actual real boss of the game.
We've got different bonuses, so you get stuff for getting the pentagons, getting the stars, boss hits, no miss.
And then in the second loop, you get 10 million points for each reserve fighter.
So you've got different endings, too.
If you don't get the second loop access, then you're congratulated by the Donpachi Corps for being brave.
if you get everything the mechanized aliens this is what I was talking about with the first one are your own comrades
although the international release says it's a lost fleet but they're actually trying to stop you so once everything is done they're all ordered to kill you and that's when you start the second loop so going through it again the whole point of Dampachi is to annihilate all the human beings in the world awesome
So yeah, pretty crazy, huh?
I believe SSJ100Matt actually linked that in our chatroom because our chatroom is very resourceful here it is, the hardest video game boss ever let me fast forward a little bit here this is nuts, you don't need to fast forward all that much it starts off hard isn't that gorgeous?
this is ridiculous this is just retarded stupid there's a video up of a person missing on it not getting hit
And keep in mind, the final boss in Espaluda on iPhone releases not quite as many bullets.
See Rob, the way these games work, you can only get hit in that little glowing spot right there.
That's it.
That's bullet hell.
Ridiculous.
And I like that it talks to you the whole time just like it does in Espaluda.
Sorry.
But yeah, Cave is evil.
Cave is evil for throwing bullets up our noses.
So yeah, there was a special version, the campaign version, or DDP Blue ROM, that has a very limited print of the game that was given to winners at a Dodonpachi contest that Cave had.
Um...
It has the same game.
It's harder and has a hyper mode in it, which actually shows up later in Dodonpachi Daiojo.
A blue title screen.
Very, very hard to get.
And actually...
There's actually two that have confirmed to exist.
One of them belongs to the current world holder for Dodonpachi.
There were, of course, the other versions to the Saturn and PlayStation.
I was trying to remember if it was Dodonpachi or Dodonpachi, but I think it was Dodonpachi.
And that game, I've only ever really played it in the arcade, although I think I have it on Saturn in one of my collections somewhere.
But yeah, pretty crazy.
And for the record, you want to play 2D games on the Saturn.
They look better.
Alright, there it is, your classic video game of the week, Dodonpachi.
Going to comments from our chat room at chat.orangeloungeradio.com Shaoran says, Bullet Hell is all about patterns, beauty, thought.
In Bullet Hell, only gorgeous patterns should be allowed as there are no things superior to beauty and thought.
Kevin DDR says, Sky, 2-3 means it's the second loop.
You have to beat the game with certain conditions to even get to that.
Well, that ain't happening, I'll tell you that.
And then Shaoran follows up and says, yeah, once you get grazing down, bullet hell games aren't that hard.
It's just about memorization, just like any other old Japanese game.
Frisbee says, bullet hell is almost like a maze game.
I guess I could see that.
Just interesting.
Alright.
I'm just not very good at those games.
The last bullet hell game I played was the You Will Die, which was by one of the other All Games hosts making his own game on XNA.
And I suck at it.
Alright, let's go do our break.
We're going to take a quick break.
We'll be right back.
There's plenty more to come tonight.
Listless!
Yay!
Speaking of friends on all games, one of our podcasting buddies is going to join us for Listless later and Bungie news.
There was huge news out of Bungie this week.
We're going to talk about that in the next segment.
Final Fantasy V and Final Fantasy VI remakes?
Possibly?
Maybe?
We'll see after a quick break.
So stay tuned.
Don't go anywhere.
We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Hello everybody and welcome back to another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
It's part B of our show, already in progress, episode number 365 on this May 2nd of 2010.
We have plenty more gaming news to get to this hour and listless tonight.
And I'll tell you the topic right now, what we're going to be doing tonight.
What?
Capcom vs. series, should they do next?
Or maybe I should actually say versus Capcom would be correct.
Because you know, you've had Tatsunoko vs. Capcom, Marvel vs. Capcom, what should they do next?
We're going to find out with the definitive list in a few more minutes here at Orange Lounge Radio.
But first, we have some rapid, quick...
Hey!
What?
Hey, what?
That's what I did during the Live 365.
Oh, yeah.
When they... Oh, God.
How could I forget when they forgot our name?
When they were going over... Yeah, we got nominated one year for Live 365 Station of the Year.
Like, that's a pretty big honor because it was, what, like 11,000 stations on Live 365?
We were one of the five nominated for Station of the Year.
And when What's Her Name, Betty whatever, was reading the nominees, she forgot OLR.
And you just hear... And, God, I wish I could find that recording.
I think it's long gone in the recycle bin or whatever.
Thank you for watching!
Thanks for watching!
Alright, so yeah, that was good times.
So I really wish I had a recording of that with Loki in the background.
Hey!
And then she goes, oh, oh, yeah, yeah!
And on Orange Launch, Orange Launch, we just gave each other that look of, well, we didn't win.
I'm out of here.
Drew all this way for this.
And then they drove up their fees by like 300% and we got the fuck out.
And now we're here at All Games.
You know what?
It worked out for the better.
Because coming over to All Games I think got us new listeners because we had kind of a cultish audience.
And Scott Rubin and Bobby Blackwolf and all the people at All Games had a bit of a cultish audience.
So when we married these cults together, it was a good thing.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Yes, you can actually play, they have a little game where you can fly around as Iron Man, and apparently it debuted earlier last week on Thursday, and apparently it was part of the out, I'm surprised that they actually have a space, but
Um, Audi, I guess, has a space there, and they're teaming up with Paramount for that.
So, no actual Iron Man themed space.
I mean, it sort of is, but it's part of Audi's thing.
Yay.
Um, and then I guess, oh, that's funny.
Unfortunately, though, it is exclusive to the European PlayStation Network, so... That sucks for most of our listeners.
Um...
Link, Mega Man, Samus, Simon Belmont, and Bill from Contra
And then finally, APP has been slated to be coming out now on June 29th.
And they also kind of talked a little bit about how their pricing structure is going to go as well.
It's really cool.
I like the way that they're doing it.
I mean, I think it's going to be pretty sweet.
Instead of paying a monthly fee, as you would with most MMOs, you pay for time.
So, for example, when you buy the game, you get 50 hours.
And how you use that is up to you.
If you play a lot, great.
If you don't play a lot,
No big deal.
And once those are up, you have the option to purchase 20 more hours for $7, or you can do 30 days of unlimited access for $10, or 90 days or 180-day passes as well, and they haven't given the prices on those.
In addition to extra playtime... Oh, in addition, extra playtime can be earned through different accomplishments in the game.
So that's pretty awesome.
And I have to say, you know, I don't really hop on the...
MMO Bandwagon because I don't have time to play games, but if it's pain as I go...
I'm interested, definitely, especially since the game looks like Grand Theft Auto, so I'm all over that.
And it's real-time worlds, man.
They did Crackdown, and I really am sad that they didn't do the second Crackdown.
Thank God WoW doesn't charge by the hour.
I'd be in debt.
Well, I mean, they do have that option, though, where you can buy unlimited access for 30 days for $10, which is still cheaper than WoW.
So it's not bad.
Not bad.
Alright, well, here's a game that I think Loki might be interested in.
I think DarkSakura, I don't know why, this seems like a DarkSakura kind of game, too.
THQ and SyFy, the TV network, are getting together to make a new game.
Sadly, it's not a Caprica game, but what it is, it's a Ghost Hunters Academy game.
Here's the problem I have with that.
It's Ghost Hunters Academy, and they've done so many spin-offs of the Ghost Hunters show, it's retarded.
Yeah, that's what Academy is about.
Academy is what the game's about.
Just sayin'.
By the way, no details about actual gameplay.
Hopefully it plays like Ghostbusters, the old school game that was on Commodore and NES, Don't Cross the Streams, Marshmallow Man, etc.
Also, apparently there's stuff afoot in the Mega Man universe.
No surprise there, because obviously Mega Man's been having a little bit of a renaissance thanks to Mega Man 9 and Mega Man 10.
Apparently there is a Mega Man universe.
We talked about this before, you know, but now we might know what this is actually connected to.
Apparently there was a little tease dropped in another podcast called Bit Transmission, and Seth Killen was the guest from Capcom.
Mega Man still has some surprises in store for everybody
It's a six-player co-op Xbox Live RPG game.
And this week they're going to be like, shit, someone beat us to it.
God damn it.
M.U.
Konami.
Here's the thing.
No, no, no.
We all know it would be Konami copying them.
Oh, I went there.
Hey, look, no.
Seriously, think about it.
I don't want to say nobody has seen it coming.
So here's my thought.
And especially if the game is called Mega Man Universe.
Is this finally that game?
Oh yes, that Mega Man game with all of the robot bosses in it at once.
That'd be awesome.
That would be so fucking awesome.
That's more awesome than I think I can handle.
DarkTetsuya
All right.
Anyway, speaking of games that sound really awesome, it'll probably make me pass out from how awesome it is.
Mod Nation Racers is on its way out.
I never did play the beta, so I don't know if it's actually that good.
I got in the beta and never played it.
You dumbass.
I do that a lot.
I would have played it.
I didn't get in the beta.
I didn't try hard enough.
I meant to, but then it expired.
Well, I didn't realize the beta was coming out so soon.
It's coming out like the end of May.
There was a commercial for it on TV the other day.
I'm seeing more and more PlayStation commercials on TV.
What's up with that?
DarkSakura, what you got for us?
I have some stuff, Rob.
I bet it's not as cool as every freaking Mega Man boss at once.
Sims 3 is coming to PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and DS this fall.
EA is working on console versions and should have different features like Karma Power depending on whether you can get lucky or have epic fail.
Yeah.
Which actually still reminds me that I need to completely uninstall all my Sims 3 stuff.
What?
I spilled water all over myself.
You're a big boy, Rob.
I need a sippy cup.
I could go get you one.
He's getting wet over that news.
Literally, I just got wet over the Mega Man news I'll be right back, I need a towel
So also, though, coming up for Rock Band, we have new download content.
We have No Doubt's Tragic Kingdom to download, which are basically all... We have the songs on there, including different people, and ended on this, Happy Now, See You Then, 16, The Climb, Tragic Kingdom, World Go Round, and You Can Do It.
And then individual songs is Orianthe, According to You, and Picture Me Broken, Dearest, I'm So Sorry.
and then we also have our UK download games.
Just to mention what's coming out, it's Hamster Ball for PlayStation 3.
Yeah, Hamster Ball, which looks kind of Monkey Ball-like to me.
Alpha Bounce for DSiWare 500 points The Will of Dr. Frankenstein for WiiWare Nintendo 64ish
and it's actually a cut down version of The Island of Dr. Frankenstein and then we've got a few others there's Earthworm Jim for DSiWare 500 points which you know it's freaking Earthworm Jim so hey I loved Earthworm Jim it was cute I loved how the titles credits would burp sound like me earlier in the show tonight we have Lead and Gold Gangs of the Wild West which is for PlayStation Network and Steam that would do it
Alright, let's get into some Twitter topics!
Every week we solicit your tweets at twitter.com slash OLR and we like to pick some of our favorite tweets and read them here on the show.
So let's get into the tweets.
I gotta admit, they're not always on topic, you guys, but whatever.
We're flexible.
Uh, let's see, Sutur in Twitter says, uh, what I've been playing, Harvest Moon, Hero of Leaf Valley, fun, but frequent, though short loading screens.
What do you think of Harvest Moon?
I tried to get into that series on the GameCube, I think there was a game on the GameCube, I couldn't really get into it, I don't know, like, I was just more into Animal Crossing, I wasn't...
Maybe it was too much.
Fun with cows!
Maybe it was too much micromanaging for me.
I think it's one of those games I really need to give another shot.
Like, I don't think I gave it a fair shot, to be honest.
Fun with cows!
Did you play, uh... No, you know, Jessica played it a whole bunch.
Oh, that's right!
And I would hang over.
And I was just like, look, my cow loves me!
Okay.
You guys are awesome.
Do you agree?
No.
Most days.
I'm awesome every day, Rob.
Knights of Blaze says, here's Twitter topic for tonight.
Blur or split second?
Which will be better?
Split second.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
They both look awesome to me, but I'm gonna say Blur just because it's the one Loki didn't pick.
So now it's officially a tie.
I'll let Dan get whatever he wants to and then I'll go, oh that's neat.
One for Blur, one for Split Second, one for I don't give a fuck.
I mean, you have a game that looks like Burnout with explosions, or you have Mario Kart meets Project Gotham.
It's tough.
It's tough.
Both games look good, actually.
But we'll see.
You know, a lot of it has to do with the controls, too.
Keep that in mind.
So we'll see how they control.
Blur controls pretty good.
I'll check out Split Second soon, but I remember playing it at E3 last year, and it was pretty cool.
I wonder if they'll have the same damn demo this year.
Oh, no, the game will be out by E3 this year, right?
Game's out pretty soon.
TigerClaw sends us a couple stories.
I'll go ahead and read this one here because the other one I think Bobby got on his show.
So let's talk about this one here.
Oh, I love this.
This is so appropriate what TigerClaw sent us.
Apparently a couple of game testers at Activision, as identified by one of the vending machines in the background, they had a speed eating competition of the KFC Double Down.
Polishing it off in 57.97 seconds That's just under a minute Apparently it was sent in some type of video over to Kotaku Not yet verified by Twin Galaxies, lol So there it is, you can actually see the guys eating the Double Down And these little bastards are skinny That's what I don't like Like if I ate that Double Down in 60 seconds, I would gain weight These little bastards are still skinny
You guys can go to hell.
All right.
I'm just jealous.
Let's see.
Sponchtwang says, Can anyone make me anything OLR slash gamer related I can wear on my 5K race in a couple weeks?
I'm already going to wear a PokeWalker.
I don't know.
DarkSakura is the seamstress of the bunch.
I can make you a keychain I don't know if Misty is still in the business of making OLR like keychains and stuff but you might want to try talking to Misty because I know she used to have some of that stuff like you know beateries and necklaces and things like that as far as like official shirts yeah I've been talking about that for years nothing yet nothing yet maybe soon
DarkTetsuya
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
BlackWolf suggests rearview mirror.
I kind of like that.
Let's see.
DarkTetsuya said he's not totally... I like that rose-colored rearview mirror.
Anyway, let's see.
BlueSwim sends us a tweet saying, Rob, are you going to get behind the Bieber ruined Twitter trending topic?
Happy that people are revolting.
See, I'm just ahead of my time because I commented on that whole thing a couple weeks ago about how I don't want to use Twitter anymore because I really can't justify using a site that Justin Bieber is a trending topic on every single day.
So I'm glad that people are finally revolting.
Take back Twitter from Justin Bieber and all his freaking mouthy fans.
And there you have it.
Those are Twitter topics for tonight.
Twitter.com slash OLR.
Or just ignore it.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Bungie has entered in a 10 year partnership with Activision
Yeah, apparently they're going to publish all games based on Bungie's next big action game universe.
And they're looking to publish on multiple platforms, so it's no longer going to be Xbox exclusive anymore.
And...
It kind of makes you wonder.
Bungie, have you not been reading the news?
I mean, seriously?
Yeah, but there's a huge difference, Loki.
I think you made the mistake a lot of people are making.
Activision did not buy Bungie.
Activision has a publishing deal with Bungie.
Activision is basically getting free money out of this deal.
I mean, all they're doing, they're putting out, you know, they'll do the marketing and they'll do everything outside the actual development of the game.
That's what this agreement's all about.
I honestly don't think this is a big deal.
If Activision had bought Bungie, then yes.
Oh my gosh, Doom and Gloom, Bungie, what are you smoking?
You all are high.
But it's just a publishing deal.
I mean, they had to sign with somebody.
They weren't going to self-publish.
And what's funny is Bungie's Harold Ryan looks like Brendan Fraser.
He even has that really creepy smile.
I didn't realize Brendan Fraser had a creepy smile.
and he's just creepy all around um so yeah so they're gonna be publishing their next game no word exactly on what the next game is actually gonna be but that will probably be coming up at E3 probably at E3 and then also probably gonna help uh with that void of people that hate on Activision right now although I can't imagine it's gonna really affect their sales that much including uh the Call of Duty franchise because people bitch but people still buy
It would be interesting to know about this agreement if the Final Cut arrangement is still with Bungie.
You know, Final Cut, so to speak.
Or if Activision gets to make changes to games they want to publish.
I doubt that's in the agreement.
Kind of Bungie, I imagine, got to do whatever the hell they wanted with this.
So I don't think this is going to be bad news at all.
I really don't.
and I've been as critical of Activision as the next guy and so forth but I just think this is just Bungie had to sign with someone and Activision makes as good of a sense as anyone else if it had been EA people would have still been like oh my god I can't believe it it could have been Konami and it would have been oh my god doesn't matter
Pick one.
Square Enix Final Fantasy V and Final Fantasy VI Final Fantasy V and Final Fantasy VI
Thank you very much.
Shinji Hashimoto was quoted on Twitter saying that they are undecided about a downloadable port of Second Densetsu 3 and the mobile RPG Everheart Odyssey and then he also said for Final Fantasy 5 and 6 there are technical issues as well so at present these are also undecided not sure what those technical issues are I wonder if it's space because if you think about it 4 was a much shorter game than 5 and 6 and I wonder if they maybe have just maxed out those damn cartridges
I wouldn't think so.
I don't know.
I don't think so.
Well, Amiga777 in chat says, Square Enix, spare us the FMV theatrics and give us some awesome gameplay.
I agree.
I would sacrifice the full motion theatrics for some Uber 3D-ness, but I don't know.
At the same time, I'm okay if they spend the resources just developing something new, you know?
I don't know.
I'm torn because the 3 and 4 remakes were pretty hot, but at the same time, I'm not like, ah, they need to do 5 and 6.
Or, you know, if you just want to, I don't know, port, say, for example, 4, 5, and 6 onto a DS cartridge and don't even worry about upgrading it, I'd be fine with that.
Maybe it's something they're going to do for the 3DS.
Hmm?
I don't know.
Alright guys, well we are going to get into a segment here on the show called Listless!
Yay, Listless!
And for tonight's Listless, we gotta get one of our friends here on the phone, so we're gonna make a little outbound call right now.
Tonight's listless topic, what Capcom vs. series should they do next?
Does somebody want to explain listless, how listless works, while I give our guest a call tonight?
Well, the way that it works is that we go around, all of us, and we each pick a game.
We pick three of them in order, or pick a subject, you know, something that we would like to be on the list.
Not a game tonight, but something, yeah.
and then what happens is we leave it to the chat room to pick well we each take one off of the list and then we leave it to the chat room to pick the winner
That's right, so if you want to help vote for the winner, and remember guys, this is the definitive list.
Once this list is written, there's no arguing.
It's done.
It's the definitive list.
It's a highly scientific process.
But in order to play the game, we need four people, so we're going to call up a special guest right now.
Let me down the music here while we give our guest a call here.
Hopefully he's standing by.
I told him it would be 8 o'clock.
Otherwise, we'll just open it up to somebody else on Skype, I suppose.
One ringy dingy.
Live radio, it's fun.
Two ringy dingys.
Watch, he's not going to pick up.
Hello?
Hi!
Is this John?
Hi, who's this?
Oh my god, it's Crazy Radio Guy.
Hey, John.
Oh, hey, I totally forgot you were calling.
You're on and off.
DarkSakura.com
Did you know that one of your old co-hosts said that I sound like a straight version of you?
Who is that?
Jenna?
Or Jessica?
When was she on the show?
Yeah, Jessica.
I haven't talked to her in years.
Whenever I take off from USL, she's going to be hosting for me now.
Oh, wow.
Oh, how come I wasn't invited to be a guest host?
I see how it is.
Okay, okay.
That's fine.
Okay, well, you can bring that up with Travis.
No, I will.
I will.
All right.
I'm going to make my Star Trek Online character just to find Travis and beat the shit out of him.
Was Travis a human?
I have to be a Klingon.
I don't know.
I don't play Star Trek Online.
I play WoW.
All right.
I don't know because certain somebody named Travis took me off of Facebook.
Travis Donovan, you're a bitch.
I know, punch him in the balls.
That's always a good solution for Travis.
You know what, though?
Facebook does weird things.
Like, I've lost friends mysteriously, so he may not have done it on purpose, but if he did, it's got some drama.
All right, here we go.
Let's do this.
All right, so, Bressel, you know how... Hey, tell the people in the background to shut up.
We're trying to do a radio show.
Hey, people in the background, please stop masturbating.
All right.
How was SakuraCon, by the way?
Did you have fun?
It was a lot of fun.
I've made a lot of friends.
I've made a lot more friends, and it was just a great time.
Wait, you have friends?
I definitely look forward to 2011.
Shut the fuck up, dude.
Oh, good times, good times.
What is this?
Aren't we supposed to be playing a game online soon or something?
Was I what?
Never mind.
All right.
I think I was talking about something I'm not supposed to talk about yet.
All right.
Let's get into something else.
Get into the list list.
You know tonight's topic is what Capcom versus series, or should I say versus Capcom series, should they do next?
We're going to go around and get your top three answers.
And Breslow, we'll start with you.
Your number three answer.
What Capcom versus series should they do next?
I'm throwing the political card on here because I think this is the most important one since I get to go first.
And I'm surprised they haven't done this.
Capcom versus Midway.
DarkSakura, what do you want to pick for your number three answer?
McDonaldland vs. Capcom Mayor McCheese and the Grimace and the Fry Guys I fucking love it, the Grimace and Birdie the Early Bird
Hello?
Whatever happened to the McDonaldland characters?
Cut off, hello?
Hello?
Hello?
Breslow?
Okay.
Sorry.
It's McDonaldland versus Capcom, is what it is.
Oh, our stream?
I want Mayor McCheese as the boss.
Apparently our stream died, and our thing is trying to reconnect right now, so... But we're gonna keep recording for podcast's sake.
Shit, but now our chatters can't hear to vote, so... We're gonna hope... Yeah.
Midway vs. Capcom, McDonaldland vs. Capcom
I was trying to be slightly serious here, so this is kind of obscure for people who don't remember him, but Paul Robertson versus Capcom, and to explain who Paul Robertson is, he's the guy that did the animation Pirate Babies Cabana Street Fight, and then also some... Yes, that animation was such an amazing thing.
Exactly, and like Devil Eyes and just like all sorts of crazy ass 8-bit animation stuff.
So, that would be kind of cool.
Okay, fair enough.
Paul Robertson vs. Capcom?
It's better than Pirate Baby's Cabana Street Fight vs. Capcom.
Alright, my number three answer, I have picked Saturday Night Live vs. Capcom.
S.N.L.
vs. Capcom S.N.L.
vs. Capcom
I did!
I beat the crap out of all the crappy skits they've done from like 97 to 2003.
I know, it'd be fun.
Anyhow, your number two answer, Breslow, and just to catch the folks up joining us because the feed was down, so far we have Midway vs. Capcom, McDonaldland vs. Capcom, Paul Robertson vs. Capcom, and Saturday Night Live vs. Capcom.
What is your number two answer, Breslow?
How bad are you?
Jesus vs. Capcom I will do Bible vs. Capcom God would be the end boss
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I had to change one of my answers because of your SNL thing.
I gotta top that.
Although that would be my number one answer.
Now it's going to be a semi-serious one.
Konami vs. Capcom.
Because they have a lot of good 8-bit characters that would be pretty awesome to bring over.
Different Contra characters.
You can put Frogger in there if you want.
Castlevania.
That would be pretty awesome.
I'm also going to go with the super freaking obvious.
I was going to do...
You're a jackass, Rob Roberts!
I mean, hello, Mario, Samus, Pit, all the Super Smash Bros.
Melee characters versus Capcom.
Hello, why is this not happening?
Duh!
Alright.
Sounds like I took your answer, didn't I, Breslol?
You did.
My bad.
Well, do you have a backup answer?
Because we're ready for your number one answer.
So far, let me recap while you think.
So far, the list is Midway vs. Capcom, McDonaldland vs. Capcom, Paul Robertson vs. Capcom, SNL vs. Capcom, Bible vs. Capcom, Arc System Works vs. Capcom, Konami vs. Capcom, Nintendo vs. Capcom.
Breslol, what is your number one answer?
all games versus Capcom all games versus Capcom would you be one of the fighters in all games versus Capcom?
I would and so would you and your special move would be to bitch slap people silly what would my special move be?
it would be to bitch slap people silly what would DarkSakura's special move be?
um throwing Guinness bombs at people and Loki?
um
Throwing his number 7 ranking of DPA, what's it called, at everybody.
Alright.
DarkSakura, it's time for your number 1 answer.
What is your number 1 answer, Blank vs. Capcom?
Taito.
Could you imagine Bob and Bob getting, like, Hadouken?
What would their special move be?
They just trap the opponent in a bubble?
Yeah, and Pop'Em.
That might be fun.
And they could have special attacks like the water bubble.
We're recording this.
Remember, it's only porn if you tape it.
John, blow your rape whistle.
Alright, back to the show.
Anything else you want to say about Tidal vs. Capcom?
Rainbow Islands.
Loki, your number one answer, please.
My number one answer is very obvious considering the SNL thing.
It's Nick at Night versus Capcom.
And, of course, it's awesome because you have a fighting game with Bill Cosby.
I'll murder you.
Will Smith from the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
John, shut the fuck up.
You're interrupting a professionally done radio show by raping me.
I just want you to know this.
This is a bad idea.
This is totally going in the best of later on.
Hey, do you think you could stop getting your asshole raped by a woman in time to do this show here?
Actually, the worst part is I'm getting my asshole raped by a man.
Oh, well, that's nothing new.
All right, Loki.
Nick at Night vs. Capcom.
Yes, and I think the Golden Girls was on there one time, so that would be pretty awesome.
But the monkeys were on there, and could you imagine that fight?
That would be pretty awesome.
As long as Bea Arthur is a character, I'm fine.
Would Bea Arthur be a character?
Sure.
Then I'm fine.
All right.
My number one answer, I'm going to totally... Black Wolf says, Cosby's Ultra is serving Puddin' Pop.
Jane vs. Capcom?
Jane vs. Capcom, that would be funny.
So, Joss Whedonverse versus Capcom.
And when he comes out, the first thing he says is, you're damaging my calm.
Tell me that would not sell.
But we also need the blue... Like, I'll be in my bunk.
But we also need, like, a mid-boss to be, like, the blue hand guys from, you know...
I just want Elijah Dusku from Dollhouse to be a character because she's hot.
All right.
Anyhow.
Oh, you are not booing me, chat room.
F you.
F you all.
All right.
Becky just said that you were made of wind.
Thank you, Becky.
All right.
See, somebody loves me.
Ass.
All right.
And some of the suggestions from chat that didn't make the cut.
What the fuck?
All right.
Doctor Who versus Capcom.
Capcom.
Disney vs. Capcom, Duck Island vs. Capcom, Power Rangers vs. Capcom, Cooking Mama vs. Capcom, Mavis Beacon vs. Capcom, Capcom vs. Capcom, Coco vs. Capcom
Wow, DC vs. Capcom.
All right.
Anyhow, it's time now.
It's too late.
Your suggestions didn't make the cut.
I'm sorry, chat room.
It's one of life's tough lessons is that sometimes your opinions don't count.
What?
I said it sucks for those guys Midway vs. Capcom McDonaldland vs. Capcom Paul Robertson vs. Capcom SNL vs. Capcom Bible vs. Capcom Arc System Works vs. Capcom Konami vs. Capcom Nintendo vs. Capcom All Games vs. Capcom
Taito vs. Capcom, Nick at Night vs. Capcom, and Whedon vs. Capcom, Brest Lol, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
Nintendo vs. Capcom.
Oh, you whore.
Why not?
It'd be hard to go multi-platform.
Because it would turn into the Capcom characters have to do button combinations, and then you could just spam Falcon Punch.
I suppose I will accept that logic, but you're still an asshole.
Alright, DarkSakura, you're next.
Which one of these is not worthy of the list?
Bible vs. Capcom.
Oh, you just...
Not feeling Jesus is a playable character, huh?
I don't really give a crap about Jesus in the game.
Alright, fair enough.
Loki, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
I'm going to have to go with Midway vs. Capcom.
Just because I've seen the Mugen videos with the Mortal Kombat characters vs. Street Fighter.
It looks weird, okay?
I guess they could reanimate him, but it would just be weird.
And besides, Midway is no longer around.
That's true.
It would be kind of hard to get the licensing, wouldn't it?
All right.
As far as me, which one of these is not worthy of the list?
I'm going to have to say Paul Robertson versus Capcom.
Too obscure.
Too obscure.
Yeah, too obscure.
Sorry, Loki.
I'm sure it was funny, but too obscure.
See, there's more coming in.
Rob's mom versus Capcom.
Atlas versus Capcom.
Fallout 3 versus Capcom.
Prop 8 versus Capcom.
Yeah.
All right.
Wait, wait.
The Hall of Presidents versus Capcom.
Animatronic Presidents vs. Capcom Alright guys, it is now your time to vote You are going to place a vote via private message to Sky With your number 1 and number 2 answers Please label them, number 1 and number 2 answers Here's the list McDonaldland vs. Capcom SNL vs. Capcom Arc System Works vs. Capcom Konami vs. Capcom All Games vs. Capcom Taito vs. Capcom
First of all, tune in to USL every Saturday night here on All Games at 8 o'clock Pacific, 11 o'clock Eastern.
And if you're not listening to Orange Lodge Radio Live, you're a terrible human being.
Well, thank you, Breslul.
Uh-oh, yeah?
He just hung up.
That was his last thing to say.
I bet he thought that was funny.
Well, I hope you get your butthole torn open by that guy.
Alright, let's move on.
Wow.
I think that was the first on-air rape that we had going on during a fun, happy segment.
I don't think that was the first on-air rape that we've had.
This show is on-air rape.
That's true.
We do kind of rape gaming news every week.
Well, back in the day when we used to broadcast live during some of those DDR parties.
Yeah, that was on-air rape, and I think that's where Big Black Cock came into play.
Yeah.
I believe in them.
Alright, please, more gaming news.
DarkSakura, save us.
Help.
For Call of Duty fans, actually the next one coming out has been named.
It's Call of Duty Black Ops coming out on the 9th of November 2010.
That's at least the European date.
And they've confirmed co-op for it.
So you can play with your buddies together killing people.
Um, and that's actually one that I would be interested in, I think, checking out as a Black Ops game.
You know, instead of, you know, full-on face-front combo, you know, combat, you have to be sneaky like Solid Snake.
So.
I, well, I'm sure the fans are just, no, all they're saying is, it's a triarch, Call of Duty, meh.
Red Faction
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
That's scary.
I'm sorry, how is this a problem?
I believe you just called this a problem.
Because it's gonna suck.
The problem is the rumor I heard that SyFy is like picking up wrestling and stuff now and they're not gonna do those movies anymore.
That's a problem.
They're all just blending together.
Every station does not need wrestling.
Unless they're dressing up like space aliens or people from Battlestar Galactica, it does not need to be on sci-fi.
There's nothing science fiction about wrestling except for the plot.
What the hell was that?
Watch the shark through the plane.
Ah yes.
This looks so fake, I love it.
Condor Airlines.
And they had an image or whatever, a little picture that someone made that talked about what it would take physics-wise for the shark to do that.
It was just retarded.
Ah yes, high production value right there.
Holy shit!
That's the kind of stuff you make in like high school.
How dare someone try to take this from me!
Shark eating a plane.
How dare you try to take that out of my life?
Anyways, so they're going to be doing possibly an ongoing series as well, if the movie does well.
So it's expected to be coming out early 2011, and we'll see how it turns out, because most movies that are based on video games kind of suck, and this one's done by SyFy, who puts out movies that pretty much always suck, so...
I don't know, it's like a convergence of suck
A convergence of suck, really Yes Alright Well, we'll see what happens Good thing they're not making a movie out of this Because I think it would be kind of boring But apparently somebody has beat Bejeweled 2 Yes, who knew that Bejeweled 2 was beatable?
I sure didn't But Bejeweled 2 got beaten this week after three years That's right, this guy Mike Lady
Ladi, he probably gets called Lady, poor guy Mike Ladi, I'm going to say it's Ladi Apparently beat Bejeweled 2 He played the same game for 2,205 hours and 51 minutes That was a score of 2,147,000,000 points Apparently that's the point where the score display just went to black And there's actually a YouTube of it that's up And PopCap just said, hey, you beat it
and DarkSakura.com
or not because maybe PopCap didn't want to show their game breaking, I don't know.
That was just like a little promotional video.
It was all happy go lucky.
Yay, Bejeweled, we're awesome.
Play us on Facebook.
Well, somebody broke it.
So yes, a kill screen is achievable in Bejeweled 2, but three years?
Seriously?
Seriously.
I know, right?
Seriously.
Three years is a long time.
I know, right?
And that was all time when he was supposed to be working.
Mailbag!
Every week you send us emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com DarkSakura might read them on air.
Okay.
And she might decide to say, screw you guys, I'm not reading emails this week.
I'm reading them.
Alright, yay, we caught her in a good mood.
Hello, Orange Lounge Radio.
Haseo here to rant a bit.
First, I'm sorry for spelling errors due to the use of Vicodin after surgery involving knee dislocation.
Dude, sorry.
But you misspelled Vicodin.
You know what though?
I would say being on Vicodin is an acceptable excuse for bad grammar.
Dude, when you're on Vicodin, you don't care.
We're gonna give them a pass.
You get a pass.
I was really just saying that to be a smartass.
Second, the whole Activision bullshit starting with this whole Infinity Ward leaving the company.
Okay, Infinity Ward left Activision and they, as we already know, are the creators of Call of Duty.
Now, according to G4 and their The Feed service, they say that the next Call of Duty games will be called Call of Duty Black Ops comes out this fall.
What the hell is Activision thinking?
Especially when the Infinity Ward founders left and 35 other team members quit.
Oh, and did I mention they're suing Activision for up to $500 million for reasons untold to me.
Now, Activision, as stupid as they are, they have Bungie, the creators of Halo, sign a 10-year contract.
What the hell?
Lastly, three questions for Loki.
1.
Would it be illegal to infect my aunt's computer with a virus to teach her a lesson? 2.
How would I go about that?
She's a bitch, I mean.
I'm not trying to cripple it, only trying to burst her.
I'm not to blame for the fucking it up bubble like a warning virus.
Switch her default browser to Internet Explorer.
I think that'll pretty much do it.
Have her use Yahoo Mail.
Just switch her homepage to Two Girls, One Cup.
Or Lemon Party.
2.
Is there a way to hack a copy of Final Fantasy XII like you hacked XIII, or do you know of a cheat?
I've beaten it over a year ago, and I want to replay for story.
Because Loki's a big cheater at XIII, so can you cheat at XII?
XII, I'm not sure if there's a way to hex edit the save.
I mean, maybe.
Maybe.
I'm sure there is.
Three.
Yeah.
You just need a game genie.
Yeah, really.
Is there a way to hack an imported UMD and change the text to English?
No.
No.
But, yeah, back to the Final Fantasy XII thing, because it was on PlayStation 2, you could probably just get, like, a GameShark or a Pro Action Replay or something like that if you don't want to cheat in the game.
Why did Bobby Blackwolf in chat just say two girls, one cup versus Capcom?
Because he's trying to mess with our brains.
I think the cup wins.
Thanks for reading my email, and if you don't, what the fuck, people?
Your loyal listener, Haseo Sumiragawa.
Made me.
I was just thinking of the cup winning.
Whoever wins, we all lose.
This is Robert M. I don't mean to sound like one of those one-nit fanboys, but since it came out, I've been pretty obsessed with WarioWare DIY, even though I'm currently somewhat stagnant at creating new games in it.
For some reason, I actually had a dream where one of my microgames set a record for in-game sales, which somehow made the Orange Challenge Radio show roll.
I remember Loki saying he didn't get it, meaning the game, and all you did was tap and a character moves up slightly.
This somehow leads to a kernel of thought.
Would you like to see a series of OLR dream game microgames?
Or would you, of course, prefer these concepts in a more substantial, more readily accessible, less handheld format?
I imagine having Puzzle Sluts or What They Play Snap available in my warehouse might be confusing to other people in my in-game friends list.
Have a good show!
it has to do with a poll that whattheyplay.com ran like a year ago about the most offensive game most offensive thing in video games and like I think homos in games was like more offensive than dismembered heads or something so we suggested that they should make a game about it called whattheyplay.com snap go read about it in the OLR wiki it's all there
This next email just made me snort hard.
Yes, yes please, oh my god, yes.
After spending many hours sweating countless buckets and crumbling hundreds of pieces of paper before tossing them in the general direction of a wastebasket, I'm prepared to unveil the following concept, the Golden Girls Death Squad.
The Golden Girls Death Squad will be a four-player cooperative twin-stick shooter.
Each player will assume the likeness of either Dorothy, Rose, Blanche, or Sophia and battle an advancing army of terrorist robots and balding perverted old men in full 180p high definition.
I'm sorry, I'm about to explode from awesomeness.
Rob needs to go change his mantis.
I do.
You'll use the left stick to maneuver each girl's technologically advanced mechanical wheelchair.
Each wheelchair is equipped with its own unique weaponry, just as each girl is equipped with wisecracks and quips taken straight from the popular TV show and voiced by the original actresses.
Spoken dialogue varies with context.
When you get close to an enemy, you'll hear Dorothy cry, Have you lost your head?
as she chops off their head with an axe.
I'm crying.
This is so beautiful.
Rob's red in the face.
This is beautiful.
Each of the seven levels are loosely based on the show's seven seasons.
Boss enemies will include Dorothy's cheating husband, Stanley, evil palette swapped versions of the main characters, and the leader of a cult named High Cholesterol.
Fortunately, you will have rocket launchers, nuclear bombs, exploding calcium supplements as part of your wheelchair arsenal.
The game will feature 4 player simultaneous drop in drop out play over Xbox Live 60 frames per second animation simple and responsive controls motion captured versions of the show's actresses and a driving rock and electronic soundtrack featuring a hard drum and bass mix of the show's opening theme Thank you for being a friend
Development of the game will commence immediately upon our receipt of the rights to the Golden Girls license.
You can help me get that for free, right?
The budget currently allocated for the development of this game consists of the $4 in my wallet.
I'd hate to use it on licensing when I can pick up a sandwich instead.
Oh, wait.
I think I just sold a copy of Falling.
Now my budget is $4.70.
Wait, what?
You have to pay tax on sandwiches?
Crap.
Oh, well.
You little bitch.
Oh, well.
Please look forward to the upcoming release of Sharpshooter, the announcement of future YYR game titles.
All my love, Erin.
That is the pinnacle of awesome email.
Yeah, first off, you get a gold medal for awesome email.
That's an official OLR gold star.
They don't get handed out very often, but you just won one, sir.
Even if that was the biggest tease I've ever heard in my life.
Dude, here it is.
You don't have to get the licensing.
You just call it Grandma's Got Guns.
And it would sell billions.
Quick poll in chat How many of you would play a game called Grandma's Got Guns?
Also, I want to throw this out here.
Everybody should buy Falling and what's his other game?
Snake360 and the other one, Sharpshooter.
Buy them all immediately when they come out.
They're like a dollar.
So, I mean, what?
Like $3, maybe $4.
I don't remember how much.
Maybe Snake360 is more.
Whatever.
It's like less than $10 for all these games.
And if you buy these games, then we will guilt him into making Grandma's Got Guns.
There you go.
And just so you know, I just want Aaron to hear the quick results of our poll and chat.
Me, yes, me, Grandma vs. Capcom, fuck yeah, yes, yes, me, fuck yeah, hi, yes.
I haven't seen a no yet.
Dude, if I made a game with zombies in it, can sell millions of copies, how about I made a game with Grandma in it?
You know you want to do it.
All right.
Am I getting pathetic?
Is this turning into a begging and groveling a bit too much?
I don't know.
I just really want to see my grandma game.
All right.
You're so funny.
I know.
Okay.
This one is from Rababa about Test Drive Unlimited 2.
It says, I was a big fan of the original Test Drive Unlimited and we had an OL Army clubhouse.
Joystick shows the demo reel here.
Um, it doesn't look like Lost Islands Oahu setting, at least not from the video.
It does look a lot more types of driving events, but the character models are The Sims 2-ish still.
It releases in fall amongst the big titles, so I hope it does well.
I never did get to play my 5,000 miles in the first one.
I remember Test Drive.
That was a pretty neat game.
It's taken them long enough to kind of put out news of a sequel.
I don't know.
I'll play it if it's good.
But it's going to be tough because there's so many racing games coming out that I'm so interested in, you know.
But, well, that'll be a ways out.
By the way.
That's it.
Going back to the email from YYR, Actdeft says, you can call it Golden Age Grannies Killing Spree.
The prize has to still be cheesecake.
Yes.
Granny's with a Z. I made a game with Granny's in it.
All right, there was our mailbag.
Now it's time.
Imagine Granny's.
I know this is a little outside of the box for you.
I know this is not a retro game or inspired by other stuff, but I'm telling you, instant cash machine.
All right, let's get into the FUs of the week.
F you to, um, caffeine withdrawal headaches.
They stink.
Yeah.
Loki?
Um, I guess F you to my neighbor's bushes for still being alive even after I dumped a half gallon of weed killer on him.
Damn you, weeds!
Oh, I will kill them.
I don't really have much of an FU of the week.
I'm, again, in fairly good spirits.
I will say FU to me being such a procrastinator because I procrastinated on something big time.
I really should have gotten taken care of a lot sooner, but whatever.
Hey, you know what?
Life goes on.
Alright, there's worse things that could happen in the world.
Let's move on.
We got a couple more stories for you guys.
Then the listless results.
And then the Skype line.
And listless, by the way, I will say this about listless.
This doesn't happen very often in listless.
But every single answer tonight got at least one vote.
Every single answer.
Usually something gets shut out, but it's going to be a close one tonight.
So hopefully you guys all voted.
If not, you got like 30 seconds left.
Loki, what do you got for us while we wrap things up?
Stop playing that game.
What are you playing now?
Nothing.
Yes, you are.
You're playing that freaking Contra in Castlevania meets Super Mario Brothers and...
Oh my crap.
And, um, I guess it has parodies of, uh, fighters from King of Fighters, Tekken, Virtua Fighter, Street Fighter, you name it.
And, of course, um, each character has their own special abilities.
These, for example, uh, Rana, who is covered in massage oil, which she uses to rub on herself on, uh, other fighters and, uh, slip past their punches.
Um, or they have, um, some other people who...
Throw vibrators and whatnot, but it's a game where they basically get their clothes ripped off as they're fighting.
Awesome.
Only playable in Japan, I'm afraid.
Oh, what a big surprise.
A game like that's never going to come out here?
What a shock.
They have some screenshots, and it's interesting, I guess.
Amaze Satsuma in our chatroom says, Super Strip Fighter, isn't that called Dead or Alive?
Ba-dum-bum, ba-dum-bum, everybody's a comedian here at OLR.
Oh, Orange Lounge Radio, of course, as you know, started about a little game called DDR and the other types of music games that were out there in a series called Bomani.
Well, guess what?
The Bomani series is still alive, so we want to take our last story tonight to show you guys...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's made out of widescreen.
If you hit it, then it changes to the color of the player and bounces right back to the opponent.
The rate at which it will move will depend on the music, so if it's a slow BPM, then the note will move slowly, and so on and so on.
There's hold notes, chain notes, and so forth.
They say it's also a lot like Boom Boom Rocket, if you've ever played that on Xbox Live, with the whole bar and the exploding fireworks.
Some of the songs in the game, there's a remix of Star Mine, 777, a song called Juicy,
I'll leave that to your imagination.
And Silence, so on and so on.
So Reflect Beat, a new game in the Bomani series.
There's even some pictures that are posted around there on the internets so you can see what this game looks like.
It kind of looks like DJ Max Technica a little bit.
That's what I was totally thinking when I saw it.
I wonder if they're stealing the idea a little bit there.
Isn't it funny how that works out?
Konami steal a music game idea?
Rock Revolution?
What?
All right.
Whatever.
There it is.
We don't write it, we just report it.
Reflect Beat.
Probably never coming to an arcade near you unless you live in Japan.
Alright, let's get to the listless results.
Yes, the listless results and who won tonight's listless.
As you know, tonight was all about what versus Capcom game would you like to see next.
And we had a lot of votes in our chat room.
In the end, only one could win.
But for fun, we'll read you the top three.
The number three Capcom game you want to see the most, Weedonverse vs. Capcom.
That's right, Buffy will be staking more again before too long.
Number two, All Games vs. Capcom.
Well, you know what that means.
We're going to all get to be our own little fighting game characters.
The number one answer for what you wanted to see, the definitive versus Capcom game you want to see next, no surprise to this audience, Konami versus Capcom is the number one answer tonight.
Konami versus Capcom.
There it is, the definitive list.
I actually had on my original list Silent Hill vs. Capcom But I took it off when somebody said Konami But I do think it would be pretty awesome To have Pyramid Head as a character Pyramid Head vs. Chun-Li Be awesome Alright, so there it is Your top three list tonight And that's it, no disputing, it's a done deal No more arguing, fanboys, sit down, shut up It's done, we've put it through the scientific process Alright
Anyhow, the Skype line is now open.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio if you wish to give us a call and talk about anything you've heard about on the show tonight or I suppose anything else if you want.
All right, Loki, you have any last minute stories or are you just going to play your little Capcom?
Why was I playing this game?
Yeah, I'm sure there's stuff I could talk about here.
Let's see.
Um...
Oh, yes.
Hi.
The Record of Argus War.
Apparently, it's too hot for GameStop.
They have decided to put it behind the counter like porno.
And apparently, they said, and this was actually an email that went out to the stores, please place Record of Argus War Limited Edition behind the cash wrap.
If a customer inquires about the game, let the customer know you have it in stock.
What's so bad about it?
It has, like, suggestive looking pictures on the outside.
Oops, sorry, we picked up a call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is DS Master 26.
All right, DarkSakura yelled disconnect.
DarkSakura vetoed that call.
Oh, sorry, sir.
All right.
You are not.
You're right.
I'm not.
877-KMOLR.
Use name on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Unless you're DS Master, then you just don't want to call in.
All right.
Let's see, what other fun stuff can we talk about here?
Oh, this is kind of neat.
I tried this a little bit earlier this week, but it crashed my computer.
But Instant Action, it's a game service that they sell a bunch of different PC games.
They actually have a new thing now where you can embed game demos into webpages.
So, say, for example, the example shown.
The Secret of Monkey Island Special Edition You can embed a 20 minute free trial into a webpage and get tested out Fortunately when I did that on my work computer it crashed I don't blame the website, I blame my computer because it sucks It's too bad Um
Some games that are going to be coming out later in the month.
Raystorm HD is supposed to be making its way out on May 5th as well as Xenoclash.
And then, of course, those are both on Xbox Live Arcade.
Rocket Knight, the remake there, is supposed to be making its way out on May 12th on Xbox Live Arcade and Steam and then May 18th on the PlayStation Network.
So that's kind of cool.
I don't know.
And, yeah, that's pretty much it.
What is up with Skype?
Like, last week, nobody wanted to call.
Like, wow.
They're too busy playing Super Mario.
What is up?
Like, a couple weeks ago, we were getting, like, seven calls at once.
It was insane.
Freaking call us, people.
What?
DarkSakura's already mad.
Now.
I know.
Maybe they're afraid we're going to hang up on them too.
We're not going to hang up on you unless you're DS Master.
Alright, let's see what's... You know what's so funny?
A phone call was coming in and the minute DarkSakura said that, it disappeared.
Alright, I don't know.
Are we just going to sit here and wait?
I don't want people to call us, please.
Don't make me use the little girl voice.
Somebody's offering to call in.
Damn it, call!
Well, hold on.
Maybe we'll get a call here in a minute.
We'll just be nice and wait.
See, now a phone number.
Now a call's coming in.
Hi, you're on Orange Lawn Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, this is SSJ100Matt.
Hey, SSJ100Matt.
Thank you so much for... Hi.
Thank you for not being DSMaster.
How are you?
I'm doing very good.
So, tell us.
Look, I know you're kind of buds with YYR, Aaron, you know, the guy behind Snake360, following all that fun stuff, and who sent us the gold star email tonight.
Is he serious, or is he just fucking with us?
I plead the fifth.
You're killing me.
Look, I'm just saying, go back to him and say, hey, you don't have to make it a Golden Girls game.
It's Grandma's Got Guns.
Well, let me tell you something.
When you were reading the email and with all the comments, I texted him saying, hey, people want this game.
He hasn't texted me back.
All right, fair enough.
You tried.
You get an A for effort.
All right.
Well, what else is on your mind tonight?
What kind of video games have you been playing this week?
Actually, I called in to do a giveaway right this very second.
Holy crap!
I want it!
Gimme, gimme, gimme!
What is it?
What are you giving away tonight?
Actually, you know, what I'm giving away is... Back at PAX East, I was given an Avatar download code.
Oh, is it one of the...
It's an Avatar hoodie.
It's a PAX East Avatar hoodie.
Even I didn't get one of those.
And you're going to give it away to a listener?
Yes, I'm going to give it away to a listener.
God, I hope DS Master wins it, just to make you mad.
All right, well, how are you going to give this away?
I'm going to do a quick trivia question on a game that just came out that me and Wawa are actually battling with after Burner Climax.
Ooh, okay, fair enough.
And if somebody knows the answer, I assume they're going to, what, send you a private message in chat or something?
No, they're just going to spam chat.
Oh, spam chat.
Okay, first to yell out in chat, and then we'll see who won, because you're watching chat right now.
All right, what is the question?
All right, the question is, Yu Suzuki is the creator of Afterburner.
Now, Afterburner made an appearance in another Yu Suzuki game.
Which game is that?
Go.
Jeopardy?
I don't have Jeopardy.
Chuck Norris is not the answer, Bobby Blackwolf.
All right.
Well, I don't have the theme song to Jeopardy or anything like that, but I do have this for game show music.
People need to be more specific.
They almost have the answer.
There's like four people shouted out Shenmue, Daytona USA, Bayonetta.
Oh, Loki got it.
Loki!
Loki!
Loki!
I cheated.
No, I didn't cheat.
These will be more specific.
Shenmue 2?
Loki, you are not eligible.
You are a host of this program.
Do another question.
You need to do another question.
Loki, keep your hands... Another question.
Play your stupid game.
New question, new question.
Hold on, I'm going to put new question.
No, you... What?
You know, I did not expect Loki to ruin it.
I know, Loki ruins everything.
God, Loki...
I'll help you come up with a new question.
You want a new question?
Yeah, you know what?
Yeah, come up with a new question.
All right.
All right.
I know, Matt.
Now look how much you've upset Matt.
You need to apologize.
No, no, no.
You didn't upset me.
You know, the thing was, it was my fault because I just saw the answer.
I said Shenmue 2 when I saw Loki next to him.
I'm like, shit.
Shit.
Alright.
Here you go.
According to my source that I'm looking at right now, what type of airplane do you fly in Afterburner?
That's a good question, right?
Yeah, there you go.
What type of plane do you fly in After Burner?
A big plane will not work.
A boat!
You're not on a boat.
What type of plane do you fly in After Burner?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, Dark Tetsuya got it.
It's an F-14 Tomcat.
There you go.
There you go.
Dark Tetsuya got it.
And there you go.
Even though he's sort of on OLR staff, at least he's not one of the hosts of the freaking show.
So there you go.
Dark Tetsuya wins.
Congrats, DT.
You get the code.
Applause for DT.
He's a winner.
The rest of you, I'm sorry, you lose.
Alright.
We love giveaways.
Go ahead.
We love giveaways, so thank you so much, Matt, for calling in and giving stuff away.
We really appreciate it.
Anything else on your mind you wanted to share tonight with us?
Bye.
Afterburner Climax.
Try to beat my score.
I need to get it.
I totally forgot it came out.
I was so busy having sand in my vagina over Game Room and then playing stuff on my new video card that I totally forgot about Afterburner, so I need to check it out.
All right.
Well, SJ100, Matt, you have a wonderful, wonderful week, and thanks so much for giving away free shit on our show.
We appreciate it.
Yep.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Yep.
Take care.
All right.
Free stuff on the show.
Free stuff.
Speech, Dark Tetsuya.
Speech.
All right.
We'll take more calls.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
Did we run out of last-minute stories, Loki?
Ones that I wanted to talk about.
There's just, you know... Well, how about the ones you didn't want to talk about?
I don't want to talk about them.
Okay, fine.
I wasn't paying attention.
Let's go to the B-sides tonight.
Let's go to the B-sides stories and see what's going on there.
The B-sides?
No, you got saved by a phone call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Good evening, O-U-O-N-R.
Good evening.
How are you?
Oh, I don't know.
Well, when the fuck did I get a German accent?
Oh, well.
I don't know.
Well, how are you and your German accent this fine week?
I'm just fine.
Well, kind of.
Well, what's on your mind?
What do we owe the phone call to?
Sims 3.
That's annoying when it locks up.
How do you feel about Sims 3 coming to consoles?
I, uh, say almost, uh, yay and dem kinda, uh, well, oh, well, it's gonna be, it's gonna be get dumbed down and, which is boo-hoo.
But here's the other thing, though, is that, well, lucky us, for us hardcore Sims players, the new expansion set, Ambitions, will hit the PC before we get Sims 3 on the console.
Hmm.
Yeah, because Sims 3 on the console is going to probably be a ways out, especially if we're just hearing about it now.
You know, I haven't heard DarkSakura talk about Sims 3 in a long time.
I've actually been sitting here uninstalling my Sims 3.
Oh, did all the talk about it tonight?
Well, no, because what's been going on is because I have a lot of mods in my game, I have to completely reinstall and delete my registries.
So, yeah, and it decided to fart on me, so...
I have a question.
DarkSakura, actually, how do you... Registry erasing?
What the hell?
How do you do that?
How do you do that?
Because my current problem in Sim 3 is that my school building is borked.
They can be in the school building for like two minutes, and then they just stop.
I don't know, I have no idea.
That's something that you're probably going to have to check on the Sims 3 forum for.
I've never had that problem, so I don't know how to help with it.
What's supposed to be coming in this next Sims 3 expansion?
What's the big thing that they're going to do with this?
Like, apparently they're going to make a move to make...
Make a move on those players that never leave the sim creator or where they just build lots and never play the actual sims game.
Oh, they're happy doing that.
I don't understand why they're going to ruin that.
Get out and play the game, dammit.
What if I just want to build stuff?
It's like, never mind, really.
It's...
It's interesting, though.
You know, there's a lot going on in... I don't want to compare The Sims 3 to WoW, but I will.
There's a lot going on in WoW right now where they're really changing up the game, and they're changing it in some big, big ways, and it's kind of causing the player base to have some rabble rabble.
Although Blizzard changes big shit with every patch, and everything works out just fine, but I guess the big, big thing that's causing rabble rabble is that now the 10-man and 25-man raids are going to share the same lockout.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
so you know big changes to the game but sometimes it works out for the better so in a way and you know I'm relating this back to Sims 3 I promise you know if they're going to change some of the core elements of the game maybe it's just because they kind of see the habits of the players right now and they kind of want to course people into looking at this whole other part of the game that they've developed that nobody's looking at and also a thing that's apparently coming with the new expansion is that there's going to be apparently natural disasters
That'll be fun!
Now there you go, that kind of... There we have something really interesting.
Now that kind of reminds me... If that would happen, not that... Because, well, the optimal would be if they made a... Well, what's the... I think it's actually called the Sims... Well, the Seasons expansion that they made for Sims 2.
Since...
Well, since I'm like a snow person, I would love to have my Sims playing in snow.
But here's the problem.
The problem that I would have with that is that my current Sims house
is not is not exactly a winter house because they would free would freeze if so were the case if you have to have walls around everything since I'm like I'm having like one bed here one bed there all the all in the opening
I hope the expansion works out okay for you.
Yeah, well.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
All right.
And we'll go ahead and wrap up there.
That'll be our last call tonight because we want to go and wrap stuff up and get to our afterbirth, the part of the show that's not podcast, you know, nothing to.
You see, you got to join us for a live show to know what that's all about, but don't worry.
You're not missing too much.
We wouldn't do that to you.
But we want to get to that and wrap things up and get out of here tonight.
But first, we've got to thank all you guys for listening tonight.
Were there any other last-minute stories, though, before I get to that, Loki, real quick?
Nope.
DarkSakura, nothing?
All right.
Then let me take an opportunity to say thank you guys so much for downloading our show and tuning in to us or tuning in to us live, however you choose to listen to OLR.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
My final thought is new video card.
Yay!
Dragon Age.
Yay!
Loki, your final thought.
With the power of hot swapping, I will once again be able to play my crazy Grand Theft Auto games.
Yay!
Alright.
Thank you guys so much for listening to our show.
We're going to be back next week to do it all again.
More news, more chatters, more stuff, more antics.
It'll be a good time.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show.
That's it, right?
Nothing else?
I guess we'll see you next week.
Have a good one, everybody.
See you next week!
Thanks for watching!
