This week, the next era of video games and non-interactive media is here on the heels
of a critically successful and renewed Castlevania series comes announcements of additional series,
movies and more.
Tonight, the next episode of Orange Island Radio is here, chock full of the week's gaming
news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio.
Live tonight, episode number 695 for this July the 23rd of 2017.
We of course are three folks here based out of Sacramento, California to talk about video
games, gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle.
I am Rob Roberts.
She is DarkSakura.
Hi.
Hi.
How are you?
I'm okay.
So this is the last Sunday with Das Boot on your foot, right?
Yes.
So I'm going to decorate it with stars on Tuesday so that when they cut it off, it'll
be sparkly and my foot will be free.
And what's going to happen is I'm going for a pedicure.
Right when it's done, right after my doctor's appointment, I'm going to have a pedicure.
I don't care how gross my foot is.
As a lady should treat herself once in a while or a gentleman actually.
I had a pedicure once.
I was like, my toenails never looked better.
Well, it's really relaxing though to have someone scrub your feet.
Well, also there's that chair that.
Right.
Yeah.
And the other thing too is that I like that it's, well, the tips of my toes are actually
because I haven't been able to wear anything over my toes.
So the tips of my toes are actually really kind of scuffed up.
So it'll be nice to have like human feet again.
I'm kind of surprised no one has thought of a way to sell like bro-dicures or like target
men in that market somehow.
Like that.
Just call it metricures.
Look, I'm all for, you know, screw your gender norms and all that stuff.
But I understand the reality is most men view it as a girly thing.
But like, what if, what if like you fragile masculine?
I know.
I know.
I know.
Look, that's a whole nother issue.
But the reality is the society we live in.
Right.
So I mean, could, could there be a thing where like you could go like play games, video,
you're like playing Xbox while getting your feet scrubbed?
I don't know.
Yes.
Well, having, you know, a pedicure.
So how many people do text messages when they do it?
Right.
I don't know.
I could just do Pokemon go.
Like I'm doing right now.
All right.
I'm trying to get to level 29.
Tech master.
Loki is here.
Loki, would you get a bro-dicure?
No, no.
Why not?
It's expensive.
I accidentally, I accidentally wandered into like during like jury duty one year, I wandered
into a barbershop that was like a, a men's spa cause me like 40 bucks for a fucking
haircut.
So no thank you.
I just said the only men's spas I know ever the hookup joints, like an upscale, like get
your hair cut, get, you know, your, you know, face shade and stuff like fuck that.
I can just go to the bowling alley that has a barbershop in there and they'll charge you
like $20 for that.
Just as a rule of thumb, Loki, if a men's club is offering a steam room and they're
charging you 40 bucks to get in there, Loki, I don't think it's your cup of tea.
You don't want to go in there.
Duly noted.
All right.
Just a public service.
The advertisements are going to be pretty obvious what, Hey, you never know.
All right.
Going to our chat.
We do tape live.
Of course, believe it or not, it's a video game show and we do tape live every Sunday
night at the voice of geeks network vog network.com six o'clock Pacific nine o'clock Eastern
right after the Bobby black Wolf show, although not tonight, he's going through the whole
home transition.
He's talked about on his show.
So he wasn't able to join us tonight, but usually he's there and you can of course check
out his podcast feed or the podcast feed of many of the great shows that we share the
network with.
Like as far as gaming shows go, we have girls gone, wow.
Game buoy electric sisterhood.
And that's just, that's just some of many shows that we have that are great at the voice
of geeks network.
So check that out.
Going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, uh, JD and chat says gender is a construct
tear it apart.
Yes.
There you go.
There you go.
Darcy.
Oh, it's not just tearing it apart.
It's disintegration time.
Um, let's see, which was also a great album by the cure.
Speaking of defying gender norms, that was disintegration.
It wasn't disintegration time.
It was, I thought that was an album was disintegration in time.
Oh, I'll look it up now.
All right.
What are you thinking of fascination street?
Am I, I don't know.
Anyway, I'm also looking at an SSG100 Matt who says I had a pedicure once also my toenails
were never cut so well.
Yeah.
It just happens sometimes.
It was just called disintegration.
Athletes get pedicures all the time.
It's better on their feet to have someone work on them regularly.
And yeah, I think, um, certain types of diabetics have to get kind of pro feet treatment.
Also I am too ticklish for any of that.
Are you really?
Yeah, I can't.
That's kind of cute in an awkward way.
So the album was disintegration.
I know my cure albums.
Well I do too, but I knew I had my phase in high school.
I had said disintegration time and that wasn't it.
All right.
Fair enough.
All right.
So anyway, uh, we want to get to the kickoff topic tonight.
Look, it is a video game show.
I want to get to video games because we actually, we have a little bit of a cameo tonight.
I'm going to talk about that in a minute.
And yes, we'll talk about Comic-Con as well.
I know some of y'all are at Comic-Con so there was a few festivals going on this weekend.
So one of them was the Pokemon go festival that was happening in Chicago.
The very first time Niantic was doing an event live based on Pokemon go, but not the first
live Niantic event.
In fact, I feel like maybe I need to get a shirt made that says I survived a successful
Niantic event in Chicago.
You might be confused that this isn't their first event, but yeah.
All right.
Loki from the media perspective, from the news, what's been going on, what's being reported
on out there in the bloggy world.
It was a fucking shit show.
Is that the, is that the official Tom Brokaw line?
Yeah, basically.
So they had problems with it being very unplayable.
Apparently they did not have enough server space available for the players in the area
and it caused them not to be able to catch different Pokemon that were in there or to
battle some of these, you know, legendary Pokemon that they had.
So it was just, it was bad.
I mean, people were chanting, you know, fix the game, you know, that type of stuff.
So did you watch any of the feed on Twitch as it was going on?
I had logged into that like early and they hadn't actually shown anything yet.
And I was like, fuck, this ain't sitting here all day to watch this shit.
Yeah.
It was weird to me how the live stream was on and off, like it was like they would show
something for 10 minutes and then they'd be like, we're just going to show this static
image and you can hear the noises of the festival, but you can't see anything.
Now I had, I probably can't stream it with all the bandwidth.
I guess, I guess now I had always planned on Saturday because they did this whole thing
where they were like, okay, the people at Grant Park are going to be catching Pokemon
and the types of Pokemon that they catch are going to drive these bonuses.
And if everybody else in the world can catch a ton of Pokemon, although they never gave
numbers, if every everybody in the world catches these Pokemon, we're going to roll out these
bonuses for 24, 48 hours and who knows a mystery challenge, which we all fucking know was going
to be legendaries, right?
So I had always planned to go out with a pal downtown and we were going to go catch Pokemon.
And honestly, Saturday when we were out doing Pokemon during the measurement windows of
the event, which was our time, 9 AM to 9 30, then it was like 11, 11 31 to one 30.
So we went to, we didn't really know where to go.
So we were like, let's just go to the Capitol.
Cause that's a really crowded area and it has a ton of pokey stops, right?
So we went down there and there was, there was like a lot of people there playing the
game.
And for all those people that are like, Pokemon go is dead, which I'm sorry, but if you go
to a news site and they're running a headline that says Pokemon go is dead and I'm not going
to name names.
Okay.
I will.
It's Forbes.
But if you're going to go to a site like that, that runs those types of headlines, like you
need to be skeptical about how much this website, um, how would you say it?
Games exaggerates.
I think the gamers that like to exaggerate, when you're looking for your video game news,
do you think first, man, I got to go to Forbes and see what they've had with that.
Well, but Forbes is great at writing real fucking clickbait headlines and I'm, I'm in
a mood today, so I'm calling people out this week and I'm starting with Forbes because
I'm sick.
Yes.
Let the hatred fill.
No, I'm just, I'm fucking sick at the clickbait on that website.
It's not as bad as Motley fool.
That's the fucking worst.
But Forbes has some of the most clickbaity Nintendo hate boner things that they published
just to get Nintendo fans to click on their website.
So I'm just, I'm calling it like it is tonight.
I don't care.
So anyway, so if I see another Forbes article with a link that says Pokemon go is dead,
my eyes are going to roll so far back in my head, I can see my brain.
My point is people are still playing this game.
Is it as many as we're playing it when we had this cultural event back in July of last
year?
No, but is it pretty strong right now, especially compared to maybe three months ago when there
was, you know, not as much going on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, I think there's a lot of mobile games out there that would love to have what Niantic
has.
Right.
You know, from that perspective of what we were doing downtown, like it was actually
a lot of fun.
The game was running mostly fine except for the fact that the game has a tendency to crash
a lot on my iPhone, which is, I don't know if that's an Niantic issue or a phone issue
or like a phone issue.
I don't know.
Cause my other friends, like it crashes a lot.
Even an Allen, Allen has Android.
I have, I don't play it long enough for the crash maybe, or you don't use the Pogo plus,
which could be one of it.
I don't know.
But anyway, my point is, is that yes, there are still quite a few people playing the game,
right?
So of course there was a great interest in this event.
It sold out very quickly.
They had 20,000 people, some odd that were going to this event.
And so to hear that it turned out like, Oh, I don't know that fire festival that happened
in the Bahamas in some ways was, was pretty disappointing.
At least so unlike that fire festival, they got their money back.
Well, they also weren't trapped on a desert island.
Right.
So, I mean, there's that to be thankful for.
So anyway, here's my thing I could sit here and continue to theorize, well, based on what
I saw or based on what did, this is what must be happening at the festival.
Then I was like, wait a minute, Rob, wait a minute, Rob, you idiot, you know, somebody
that went to Chicago Pokemon go Fest.
Why don't you invite him on the show to talk about what it was really like at Pokemon go
Fest?
Cause you know, there's all this stuff in these publications that tend to games, exaggerate
things or focus on just the worst of it.
There may be some good that went with the bad.
So I reached out to my buddy Charles, also known as rock god of podcast or rock god of
pod on Twitter.
He is one of the hosts of the Pokemon go podcast, which is a show I plugged here a couple weeks
ago cause they were good enough to have me on it.
So I reached out to Charles, unfortunately he had another paying gig tonight so he could
not be here on the show live.
So we had to kind of work real fast.
He sent us a really lengthy audio clip explaining like his time at the festival.
Unfortunately I wanted to scale it back a little bit cause it was, you know, it is only
a three hour show here.
So I wanted to scale it back a little bit.
So I kind of cut out some of these parts that I want you guys to hear here.
So let's check in with, Oh, but if the audio is a little weird, it's because I edited it
like an hour ago.
So if there's any sloppiness, it's on my part.
So I apologize to Charles and to listeners for that.
Let's check in with Charles and check and see how his day kind of started over there
in Chicago.
Hey Rob, Jamie and Loki at Orange Lounge Radio.
It's the rock out of podcasting Charles Mcfall from Pokemon Go podcast.
And let me tell you what it was really like being there at Pokemon Go Fest.
Now line started at 6 AM and there were people out there, I'm sure at 6 AM, lined up.
Myself and the people I was traveling with, we walked from the hood that was about two
blocks away from the park.
And so we were walking down and as we came up on the park, there's this massive line
stretched out and we're like, Oh crap.
Because a lot of people, we had somebody standing in line for us for the early entry.
We did have early entry badges, which were supposed to get you in starting at 9 AM.
The general public started at 10 AM.
And the line, basically the short version is, that line was not for early entry.
That was for the regular entry people and it was already super long.
We got in, say 9.30, it took us about 30-ish minutes to make it around the fence and into
the entranceway.
And they were checking bags in, but it was honestly, they weren't checking them that
much.
They were just kind of moving people through.
Got in and everybody, we're all hyped, everybody's excited and you get this envelope, as you
walk in the door, you're handed an envelope and it has a real world patch that is the
exact same thing that you get in the game that's the medal in the game for being there
is a patch version of the medal.
And on the other side is a QR code and you had to go to any stop inside the park that
had a lot of temporary cool stops, which, and gyms, which tells us they can absolutely
do the stop slash gym for pay idea that we've been talking about on our show forever.
Anyway, and right down the middle as you come in is all the concessions and everything.
It was really actually, I'm going to say from a functional human being standpoint,
they did an amazing job setting this up.
It was easy to find the food, they had water stations, they had at least two if not three
water stations around to get you free water.
So you brought your own bottle, you can bring in two bottles of water sealed or empty pouches
or, and they actually didn't really think that strict about it.
The price is, I expected eight to ten dollars per person to eat and I'm talking about, you
know, you go to a festival and you're talking about, hey, pizza, pizza is ten bucks, water
is five dollars, don't you, no, my pizza, my honest to God, real Chicago restaurant,
you know, they made it in the restaurant and brought it to the park very quickly.
It was still hot when it got there.
Real Chicago slice pizza, now hold up my fingers like you can see me, but a big huge triangle,
five bucks, five bucks, a bottle of water was like two dollars.
It was insanely cheap to be there.
That was really cool.
Let me jump, let me, let me jump in here for a minute to talk about some of what Charles
said there.
And obviously, sorry about some of the audio there.
There's some tearing effects in audio and the audio that we got sent.
But my understanding is that Charles like actually recorded that in a car in a parking
lot on the way to one of his gigs.
So really appreciate him taking the time out to do that.
But some of the audio was a little shaky, I didn't have time to clean it, clean it up.
On that note, I noticed there was some bad and there was some good in there.
So it sounds like Charles was fortunate.
He had this early entry thing and a buddy.
So he got into this thing early.
But there was this huge line, you guys all saw this on the media and some of the Twitter,
right?
There was this huge line, sorry, this huge line going around the whole place that was
it was hard for people to get in and stuff, right?
So I mean, it was taking like forever for people to get into this place.
And what blew my mind about it is that it sounded like from what Charles is saying there,
they really weren't doing much.
They weren't really like scanning the bags that deeply or whatever.
So what was taking so long?
And here's the other thing.
So now comparing Charles's experience to my experience a little bit when I went to Niantic's
Ingress anomaly over Veterans Day weekend last year when I missed the show.
That's where I was at.
I was at a Niantic event in Chicago.
They did check ins the night before for the Ingress event, you were able to go to a bar
that was in the downtown area and you could check in at the bar the night before and get
your stuff.
And then, you know, we all went to the anomaly.
Now granted, I understand there was maybe 1,500 people that did the Ingress event compared
to what, 20,000.
So I obviously understand the size.
Which I think would be all the more reason they have to check in the night before.
That's what blew my mind is I was like, why didn't they do check ins the night before?
Were they that concerned about resales, spoofers?
I don't know what it was, but it really blew my mind that like for this smaller event Niantic
did something, but then for this larger event they didn't.
But then Charles does point out there is some good stuff that you're not hearing about in
these news stories.
It sounds like from a functional standpoint, you know, the vendors were reasonable and
they weren't trying to price gouge people or any of that stuff.
And that, you know, as far as like a, am I going to get food and water situation?
It was fine.
Unlike, you know, even though we're joking about Fire Festival, those people that were
trapped in the Bahamas were having a food and water situation as well, which is a lot
more serious.
But it sounds like that was never an issue with the Pokemon Go Fest and that that was
doing very well.
So let me continue on with another clip from Charles.
And so we get over this all at 930 in the morning and we get over there and I'm spending
some stuff and the game starts kind of getting clunky.
I'm trying to go into a raid and I'm like, well, I'm going to fight this Pikachu raid.
Raid battles were free all day long.
Did not take any passes at all.
Raid battles inside the park, 100% free.
And they were doing them.
They would be a 10 minute warning time, like a regular start in 10 minutes and then pop
into 14 minute uptime.
And they had gyms.
I think they had eight gyms in there.
So there's plenty of places for people to play and get to.
And I started to do the Pikachu raid and I hit the thing and put me in a room and it
kind of locked and didn't do anything and the game crashed.
And somebody else was like, I can't get the QR code work.
They were having issues and they finally got theirs to work.
And that's at 930 in the morning.
So already it's like, hmm, at 10 o'clock, I don't know when they actually started the
actual public coming in.
They had a big enough gate that you could funnel both lines in easily.
But the thing is that nine o'clock early band, they gave out way too many of those bands
because at 1030, almost 11 on the backside of the park, I mean, the line would be super,
super long.
People were still there and we didn't go up and ask, are you in the early entry line?
But this is, this is at 11 o'clock almost, no, it is about 1030, I guess it's about 1030.
And the early entry quotey fingers people seem to be still lined up and trying to come
in.
I've heard that it took three hours of standing in line.
I'm not talking about the early guy here at 6 a.m. people from the time 10 o'clock hit,
it took three hours to get through the general public line and get into the park.
But that's, that was frustrating for a lot of people.
And I was tweeting that we had some friends who did not get early passes that were in
the general and they were tweeting, they spoke among their radio.
And we're telling them, you're not missing anything, we can't play, nothing's connecting
here.
1030, 11, maybe it's closer to 11.
They said, all right, everybody come to the main stage, we're gonna kick this thing off.
And I'm looking around the house like, there's only maybe a thousand people in the park right
now.
Maybe two.
I mean, it's always a huge open space.
It's hard to kind of gauge how many people are in, but like, of the 20,000 people supposed
to be here, you haven't gotten very many in the park yet.
What's interesting about that is that watching the live feed, I would not have guessed that
they had not filled the park yet.
In fact, my thought was, I'm hearing all this stuff on Twitter about all these people stuck
in line, which Charles talks about there.
Can you imagine you travel from California, and some people came further, you travel from
California to Chicago to go to the first Pokemon Go event only to stand in line for three hours
and know that you're missing the first event inside the park, even though punchline, no
one in the park can play either, but the people outside may not actually know that.
So can you imagine how frustrated like people are gonna be at this event?
And this is why things started to get ugly, which we're gonna hear about in a little bit.
But with the whole, you know, what Charles is talking about with the lines and everything,
I mean, again, I'm blown away that Niantic did not have line management for 20,000 people,
and then it took three hours for people to get into this event, which was part of the
ugliness to begin with, right?
So again, why didn't they do check-ins the day before for some people, and why didn't
they have more staff, more points of entry?
It should be simple math, right?
How long it's gonna take one person to process...
They know how many tickets they sold.
Well, yeah, they know exactly how many tickets they sold, and so they should know how long
it's gonna take to process those people.
That blows me away.
I mean, I know a lot of anime conventions and stuff have long waits sometimes, but,
you know, again, a lot of rookie mistakes.
Cough Cough Anime Expo.
Well, a lot of rookie mistakes sometimes with this stuff.
I remember Square Enix's first Final Fantasy Fan Fest in 2014 was a huge problem because
they had a printer break, and they didn't have a backup printer.
So all those people had to wait while somebody, like, ran to Office Depot to get a printer
or something like that.
It was crazy.
So anyway, I don't know if there was more stuff like that at Pokemon Go Fest or what.
Anyway, I did cut some stuff here about, Charles was talking about some of the, like, shirts
and things they were selling in the park were not a great quality.
Like they just weren't even selling Team Valor or anything.
Apparently the bootleggers outside, because you know there's always bootleggers, bootleggers
had better stuff from what Charles was saying.
But I want to get to this next clip because Charles says something here that I think is
really damning for the whole excuse Niantic is giving us.
So listen up.
If people start chanting, we can't log in, we can't connect, or something like that.
I forget what the chant was.
But they're yelling at her, and she's ignoring it, and the first person she introduced is
John Hanke.
And people are, boo!
They're like, no, no, we understand, things are, you know, we're working on it.
He handled it well, but I mean there was somebody so loud up front yelling at him that was coming
through the microphone a little bit and back out to the PA so we could kind of hear it.
And he handled it like a pro, I mean he took his punches, but they were like, you know,
but he did.
And that was a major mistake to me.
Oh no, we're contacting the cell places, and I'm going, in my mind, I'm going, okay, and
actually I said this to the people around me, here's the bottom line on the cell service,
you'll hear all kinds of rumors about contract obligations, blah, blah, bullshit.
Here's the thing, now in the real world there are absolutely coverage areas, right?
So some parts of the park had much better service with Verizon than in other parts of
the park.
But that was true for AT&T, you know, it all kind of covered a little differently.
But here was the thing, even at that point, there's maybe, like I said, maybe 2,000 people
at the most, which would not overload any cell tower anywhere.
And they're like, yeah, we're working with them, you can see that, notice your servers,
because I can livestream, which I did, I did some livestreams right there from the park,
I can Twitter, I can get my messages, I can get on Discord, I can open up another game
and play it, I can do all kinds of stuff on my phone that touches the internet, but
I cannot play your game.
I can Twitter, I can Discord, I can livestream, do you know how much bandwidth it takes to
livestream but I can't play your game?
And you're going to go blame the cell towers as the issue, but I can livestream, huh, isn't
that funny?
Maybe if he wasn't livestreaming, they'd have enough bandwidth for the game.
Damn it, Charles, you broke the whole damn thing.
You single-handedly broke Go Fest with your livestream.
No, I'm not surprised that their servers are crap.
But I mean, and I think Charles brings this up, and I think it's in something that I cut
out, but he brings up that, you know, Dragon Con, 80,000 people, people play this game
at Disneyland every day, they don't have problems.
It was something about what they were doing with this event and the restrictions they
were putting on this event, some of the graphical issues of the game, and just the poor optimization
I guess all around of the game, really, in some ways, it kind of all contributed to this.
But to blame the cell networks when people are able to be on Twitter, livestream, tell
the rest of the internet what a shitty time they're having, that's a little disingenuous.
Yeah, I can understand if they couldn't, if internet access was a problem, that would
make more sense, but that's not the case, especially when it's only your game, that's
not working.
So here was the first thing I thought of, the first thing I thought of when I heard
all of this was going down yesterday was, why didn't they just have Wi-Fi?
And granted, 20,000 people is probably a lot to have on Wi-Fi, but they do it at airports
somehow, and you know, I'm sure at least even if they, let's say they could only get, maybe
the VIP people that got in early also got the Wi-Fi, I don't know.
So maybe 2,000 people get on Wi-Fi, well that's still 10% off the rest of this if you're
going to blame the networks, which I'm not so sure, obviously based off the livestreaming
comment that it really is.
But still, I think that question, why wasn't there Wi-Fi?
Well, Charles has an answer.
They did not have the Wi-Fi as promised, but there was, I heard, again, these are quote
rumors, they didn't announce this, but I heard that because of the massive rainstorms that
came through on Friday, and there were massive rainstorms on Friday, I guess so, a little
bit Friday night, they weren't able to set up the Wi-Fi stuff, and it was even raining
a little bit Saturday morning, but then the sun came out by 9 o'clock and it was gorgeous
all day.
Anyway, so they did the hunt, and most people can't do it, so then they call everybody back
to the stage, and now it's worse, people are booing and yelling, and finally she just stopped
talking and just left the stage, that was it, she basically got booed off the stage.
And so we started milling around, so the rest of the day is much shorter than that first
part of the story, the rest of the day, things got better, I ended up, I couldn't play at
all until, I mean, like I said, I was there at 9.30, couldn't play at all until 12.30,
and the only way I could play there, I call it the filthy casual mode, right, you just
turn on your plus, or for me the gotcha, which is even more filthy casual, because it's automatic,
and that's it, you don't play the game, you just let it run in the background and see
what it spins, what it catches.
That became the only way for me to play, I could get my game to come up just long enough
to connect it to my gotcha and then close the screen, and it would start throwing regular
pokeballs at whatever was around me.
A lot of things were getting better, people were getting pissed, but here's the thing,
the line to get out, so they had an in and out policy, and you had to do your wristband,
you boop it out, as I say, you just boop, and you're out, and they stamped you too apparently,
but then you can come back in, and you boop back in.
The line to leave was so long, people were just staying out of frustration, because it
was taking you an hour to try to even get out of the park, you might as well just stay,
but some of the experience, the dream that we were sold, right, of everybody playing
together and doing this, some of that absolutely was present, because I'm standing on the sidewalk
and all of a sudden the crowd politely, some kind of run, nobody's pushing, nobody's, but
nobody's pushing, everybody's polite, and they move en masse to this area, and they're
like, what's going on?
There's a Heracross over here, and you get to hear people are trying to get, oh yeah,
oh my god, I got it, oh no, oh no, oh no, wait, you know, that experience was absolutely
in small droves there.
And you know, I've been feeling a lot of that this weekend, too, throughout Pokemon Go,
because now that they've unleashed those legendaries, you know, if you didn't already hear, you
can get Lugia and Articuno, but I might be saying that wrong, because I thought it was
Arctic, anyway, but those legendaries are out there, and you can go catch them now,
and I got to tell you, I've had some really rad experiences, like, you know, I got at
a Discord and an Articuno spawn year here, and met up with some other people, people
I didn't know, but other nerds from all, all types of people, men, women, all different
shapes, sizes, colors, all that, just wanting to get their damn legendary in their Pokedex,
and that was really cool, to kind of like come together and do that, and then we played
some more, in fact, I almost, I almost killed myself playing Pokemon Go today, because I
was an idiot, and they've been doing all these bonuses all weekend, like the double, well
not all weekend, but since the event, the double Stardust and everything, I thought
it would be a good idea to go play Pokemon Go in the 100 degree heat today, even though
yes, I had sunblock, yes, I was hydrating myself, but it was still maybe a little bit
much, but anyway, I'm okay, I didn't pass out, like I thought I was going to for a minute,
but we, I was even able to do the Lusia fight, we won it, and there was like, there was 40
people there, in the middle of downtown Roseville, doing this Lusia fight, when these things
are spawning everywhere right now, 40 people in the middle of a suburb, just there to do
this stupid game, so I mean, some of that that's been happening is, is really awesome,
so it's, it's kind of a bummer that Niantic is still like, I guess too small of a company
or something to figure out some of these technical issues, because the game they've got is fucking
great, when it works, which unfortunately is only about half the time, and I gotta say
too, because some of our folks in chat over at live.vognetwork.com, let's see, over at
live.vognetwork.com, they're talking about the host, I guess her name is Rachel Seltzer,
I don't know her, but vidpower in chat says she's an esports commentator, and probably
what Charles doesn't know, being on the ground, if he was a little far back from the stage,
but what you could see on the live stream, I think she left the stage because someone
threw a shoe at her, or a bottle or something at her, and it wasn't safe to be out there,
and I think that's the real reason she left, which, you know, I understand people are pissed,
but that's a shitty thing to do, and if you threw that, you should feel bad, because you're
a bad person, you know, because do you think she's the one that, like, went and unplugged
the AT&T van?
Do you think that was her idea?
No.
Especially if it's a shoe, because now you're missing a shoe.
I think it was a bottle, I don't think, I always assume a rock concert or something
is a shoe, but whatever it was, whatever they fucking threw at her, it's not okay, it's
not cool, and look, I get that she was a little cheesy, I understand that, I did feel a little
bit like, wow, tone it down, honey, but...
Can we stop having influencers at these events, please?
I think it's part that, it's part influencers, but then I also have to remember, there are
a lot of children that play Pokemon Go, and if you ever turn on Nickelodeon, you see a
lot of people that are like her, so I kind of have to, like, go, okay, maybe, maybe she's
not for me, she's for the kids, and, you know, whatever, but I also kind of agree that influencers
as hosts, I don't know about that, but anyway, that's, that's another debate for another
time.
I want to get to the final thought here, I do want to caution, this last clip does have
a little bit of audio tearing in it, but I did think it was important for Charles to
get his final thoughts out here in this clip from being on the ground at Pokemon Go Fest.
But this is the last thing I'll say, is, how do they not understand the effing tech that
goes into this?
How do you understand, I get on launch, you never anticipated this, but you know at this
point, what happens when you go into a new country, all of a sudden, damn, you're flooded,
you launch a brand new thing like the gym revamp, bam, things kind of break, and that's
tech, I get that, but when you're doing a festival, you had to have had this stuff launched
two weeks ago in the code.
I don't care if it's, I don't care about data miners, you had to have this launched two
weeks ago, so you could have beta tested it in your office, just made your office a special
playground, you know, with that geo-locking, worked it out, got triple the amount of servers
you're going to need, paid whatever you had to pay to all the cell providers to make sure
they were boosting signal or whatever, it just was frustrating that they don't seem
to ever understand how this tech works, and how it affects the community, but lots of
people were happy, met a lot of strangers, talked to a lot of people, and it was a lot
of fun.
I really do, I left there, especially with getting, knowing I was going to get the lugia
anyway, leaving there, I left feeling good, and I feel like this year's going to be a
hard learning curve for them, but if they really are committed to doing this again,
doing more, they're really going to have to hire some massive event planners that do outside
events.
I mean, I'm talking about big companies that are going to cost you some money, but they
know exactly what to do, and then really get their servers right.
So that's it.
I'm Charles with Polymer, I've got a podcast, and check out Pokemon Go Podcast at PokemonGoPodcast.com,
and we're here, and we're honored to have Rob on a couple of weeks ago, got lots of
great feedback from you, man, everybody's loved you, so definitely come back again.
I absolutely will, Charles, and thank you so much for leaving that.
Again, I had to edit down a 27-minute message down to the 10 or 11 minutes we played here,
but Charles took time out of his day to leave that for us, and I really, really appreciate
that, especially with such a fast turnaround, because I literally messaged him last night,
like, we should really get you on OLR this week since you were there, and I want to know
what it was like on the ground.
So thank you, Charles, for leaving that message for us.
Everybody check out Pokemon Go Podcast.
He will tell much more about a lot more of the details on that program, but I want to
thank him for giving us a little preview here.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Land Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase, bread.
I've got to come a point where I have to give Niantic a little tough love, and it's time
for Niantic to grow the fuck up or sell.
Like this, from my perspective, this is the crossroads, Niantic is that, and this festival
kind of only proves that for me.
They either need to grow the fuck up, meaning they're going to have to get the bodies in
there, they're going to have to get the investors or the people, or somehow raise the funds
to get the staffing and be the large company that a game like Pokemon Go needs, or sell
to a company who can do it.
Because after this whole thing happened, my honest to God first reaction, I heard they
went up on stage and said, everybody's getting a refund and we're going to give out a hundred
dollars in pokey coins.
My honest to God reaction was, they're going to be sold next week.
Niantic's going to be forced to sell to somebody next week to a company who can handle the
infrastructure.
God, please don't sell the Nintendo.
They can't handle the infrastructure.
Here's the weird thing, Niantic was a Google company.
The only reason Niantic is no longer a Google company is because Google did that whole alphabet
split that they did a couple years ago, and Niantic was kind of left out of that, but
that was because they had the backing from Nintendo now.
But we didn't know that at the time, we know it now.
They had the backing from Nintendo, and Google is still a major backer in this.
So I sort of think it would make a lot of sense for Google to kind of bring them back,
but at the same time, there's a lot of business elements there that I will fully admit I don't
understand, but I just feel like after the disaster that happened in Chicago, something's
got to give.
This game has got to grow the fuck up, because there's a lot of potential in this game that
keeps getting ruined by technical things that can't be handled, and again, I think one of
the most damning things is what Charles pointed out there, the whole fact that Niantic is
trying to blame the cell phone companies, yet I was live streaming.
I was tweeting.
I was on Discord.
It's not the cell phone companies.
It's your game.
Any thoughts, Loki?
I know you're a Pokemon, Dark Soccer, anything you guys want to add based on what Charles
said and your thoughts on the event?
I don't know.
I played a little bit this weekend while I was at a park with my kids, and I was expecting
some different spawns.
I got a Poliwag or whatever that is, which I thought was a water Pokemon, so it was kind
of weird that it was spawning that park.
But yeah, other than that, I was like, eh, I don't want to play this anymore.
Let me get to some comments from our chat over at live.vognetwork.com, because of course
we do tape live Sunday nights at 6 Pacific 9 Eastern at vognetwork.com.
JD over in chat says, how many chances are we going to continue to give Niantic to get
their shit together?
They have clearly demonstrated that they learned absolutely nothing from the past year
of running the game.
Sj100Matt says, if you, Niantic, didn't expect this outcome, then you didn't learn from the
disaster when the game first came out.
Let's see, JD wonders, who would Niantic even sell to?
Like I mean, I don't think Google would take them back, Sj100Matt proposes Amazon.
Come on, Noel Gus says, Niantic is that X that you can't quit, but should.
That's kind of how I feel about Ingress once in a while, it's like, I really need to break
up with you.
I did play a little bit of Ingress.
Yeah, it's like, once in a while, the sex is kind of good, you know?
Well, it was just like, okay, here's why I played Ingress.
Blowing up a portal feels real good once in a while.
Here's why I played Ingress this weekend, because I was playing Pokemon Go and I caught
all the Pokemon in the area that I was sitting in and nothing was spawning.
I was like, okay, fuck this shit.
Went to Ingress.
Oh, hey, there's an unclaimed portal.
Captured it.
Hacked it.
Shut it off.
Stoppy in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says about Charles's clip, this is like listening
to a police confession.
Maybe he was wearing a wire.
It was, it was a little bit like that, but as we know, Charles live streaming may have
brought down the entire event.
We heard that.
Let's see, act deft in chat says, I won't ever go back to Ingress, Sj100Matt says, I
would buy it if they came out and said people were spoofing location or DDoSing to mess
up the event.
I mean, that's a gimme excuse, but the game was working everywhere else.
And again, I want to point out, it's not all necessary, necessarily bad news.
And that's why I'm not willing to say, because that would be a game's adoration.
That would be a Forbes headline to say this game is shit, write it off as the shit it
is and stop playing that shit because Pokemon Go isn't shit.
It's just some of the tech behind it and some of the support the game is getting is shit.
I don't know about that.
There's still no game to it yet, other than collecting Pokemon.
I think the gym, I think the gym thing really, really revitalized, it gave the game a kick
in the ass that it needed, but there's still no scoring, no game, no like, you know, teams.
It doesn't fucking matter.
I still think for the folks that are collecting, there's a lot there to do and the team bonuses.
Trust me, you need those extra balls when you're catching those legendaries.
So you know, there's, is it perfect?
No.
Any mobile game that wants to stay relevant should continue to invent itself every few
months.
But anyway, I know this topic's gone on a long time.
Again, I really want to thank Charles for leaving us that message and being kind of
a guest correspondent tonight on the show and I want to encourage anybody who does love
Pokemon Go like I still do, but even you still get frustrated with people that you love once
in a while, check out Pokemon Go podcast because there's a lot of great discussion there and
I'm sure he'll tell us much more that we didn't get here on the show tonight.
But yeah, I mean, it's going to be an interesting next couple weeks to see what the fallout
truly is from this.
And if Niantic really does try to do this again in 2018, you know, John Hanke teased
on stage a Pokemon Go 2018 and this was before the refund chat.
So we'll see, we'll see.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on.
We got to get to some more stories because there's a lot of gaming stories that happened
this week, but of course, uh, it would not be a show unless we talked about our own gaming
weeks and the types of video games that you've been playing this week.
So Dark Sakura, how was your gaming week?
Uh, I finally beat the main story of Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2, um, while streaming with
all of three people watching at 3 AM.
Um, it was fun.
It's cute.
I will go back and replay all the scenarios, um, in order for anyone who wants to see them.
Um, that's kind of it other than the cell phone games.
Uh, and so you are streaming again, so if people aren't following you on Twitch, they
can follow you at...
Basically stream me when I'm bored, but it's DarkSakura underscore O-L-R.
Okay, awesome.
Um, and you are hosted, I double checked the VoG network, uh, or the VoG network on Twitch
hosts you automatically.
So, all right, I'll set up all the hosting stuff, but like I spent like an hour or so
putting together my offline banner and whatnot, which is...
It's important.
It's a combination of the style for the Danganronpa things and then my Dragon Ball character.
Are you going to continue to Dragon Ball or is there other games you're looking at doing?
Are you going to do Dream Daddy?
Because that's the one everybody's doing right now.
I haven't bought Dream Daddy yet, so I'm not going to play that one since everyone else
is.
Yeah.
But I'm probably going to do, um, uh, Danganronpa, Ultra Despair Girls, and, uh, How to Fool
Boyfriend and Holiday Star down the line.
Nice.
Um, I don't know, I'll find something else kind of weird and interesting to stream.
All right.
Loki, how was your gaming week?
I didn't really play anything, honestly.
I played very little of, um, the Office Space Clicker game.
I'm kind of getting bored of it.
Um, and then Pokémon GO, I really, I haven't really played that much this week, maybe once
or twice at the most, and Ingress, like I said, I touched it for like maybe two minutes
and that was it.
I meant to play Superhot VR, because I have that now, but, um, I just hadn't gotten around
to setting it up.
I still want to get one of those Oculus Rift, but $400 is a lot of money right now.
Yeah, it is.
I still want it, but yeah, it's hard to like, if I'd known that like a couple months ago,
I could have budgeted better, but yeah, it's not working out right now.
All right.
Uh, my gaming week.
Obviously, I played a lot of Pokémon GO, as I've talked about earlier.
Continuing to play the Final Fantasy XII HD remaster, um, I've now passed the point
in this one than I did when I originally played the game on PlayStation 2, so that's really
cool.
Um, so I've been playing more of that and I love the remaster.
Unfortunately, I keep getting distracted by groups for Final Fantasy XIV, because I'm
still trying to run my characters in that.
I got it.
This is a story that we didn't, I don't think it was in our show role, but I saw this somewhere
because they were complaining about it.
I haven't read on it.
Okay.
Oh, is it?
I'm sorry.
It was in other territories is what it was.
They had raised the cost, the monthly fee for other territories outside of the US to
get in line.
So like in other areas, like it was equivalent of like $45 a month.
Wow.
Yeah.
It's ridiculous.
That's weird.
For Final Fantasy XIV?
Well, yeah.
It's for like other territories that don't like, economically, they're not up to our
level.
Okay.
So like that was like, you know, quite a bit of money.
Interesting.
But I'd like to know what is World of Warcraft costs in those countries?
Is that a competitive price?
I don't know.
Yeah.
Who knows?
Interesting.
Well, anyway, here, the game's still running great and I'm having a good time.
They did a little patch this week.
They put out the raids not that long ago and now you can get the more advanced tomes.
There's more stuff to explore.
So I've been doing that.
I think I did a live stream earlier this week of Final Fantasy XIV.
And then this weekend I've been playing a bit of Splatoon 2 just came out.
So I did pick up Splatoon 2 on the Switch and I've been playing that.
And I'm, you know, it is, there are a lot of similarities to Splatoon 1, obviously.
The multiplayer feels very, very similar, but Splatoon 1's multiplayer wasn't exactly
broken in the formula of how the game works.
So they didn't change a lot.
So I think that's good.
I do love it on the Switch because of the fact that you can do the portable as well.
So I can kind of play it while I'm in bed and do the multiplayer, you know, stuff that
way.
Or, you know, I can play it on the TV and I can use, you know, the dog ear controller
if I want.
I've been trying to force myself to learn motion controls, but one thing I'm finding
is that I just can't do it if I'm playing a paint roller, which I tend to do in multiplayer
mode.
Like I just don't see how motion control benefits the paint roller thing.
Somebody was trying to tell me, oh, well for the splashing and that it was like, I can't
do it.
It just, it throws me off so much.
And I was enjoying, like, there's like a gun that kind of like, it fires a lot of paint
in a straight line.
It's supposed to be like a sniper rifle basically.
So I was, I was really enjoying like how that weapon was functioning.
So I was like trying to play with it.
And I did find that using motion controls for that is a little more like mouse.
It feels, you know, it feels a lot better than say like the, even, you know, the Wii
U or the Wii or whatever, because obviously motion controls have progressed a lot now
that we're here on the Switch.
So the motion controls, like they feel nice, but yet my scores in those matches were atrocious.
So I must not know what the fuck I'm doing with the sniper rifle, but like, I'm trying
to learn the motion control, but when I play single, single player mode, I'm kind of like
forcing myself to use motion control and I'm, I'm, I'm doing okay.
So you know, it has a lot of the same stuff from Splatoon 1, but it's just different now
because they have a new single player mode.
There is a co-op mode, but admittedly I've done nothing other than the tutorial.
So I don't have a lot to say about that yet.
I've just been trying to focus on the multiplayer when I have been playing it.
I've been losing a lot of matches, but I've been winning a few.
So I do feel like the game might be waiting because I noticed there's this little icon
where this number changes and I'm like, is that like my streak balance or something where
like if I'm winning a lot of matches, it's going to give me harder opponents.
If I'm losing a lot, it's going to give me easier ones.
I think that might be what it's doing because it does feel like I don't lose a lot in a
row until I finally win one.
So, you know, props to the matchmaking in that regard.
I know it's coming up later in the show about Nintendo's whole app and all that stuff.
Admittedly, I haven't even tried the online, like trying to find to play with a friend
or I haven't even done, I haven't touched it because everybody and everything on the
internet is just, it's garbage.
So I'm like, I'm not going to touch it yet.
Anyway, is there other ways to like, you know, set up games without the app?
Yeah, oh yeah.
You could just go into join a friend in progress.
And I think some people did that for me because I saw a Twitter handle that follows me on
Twitter and I was like, I think that person's a Twitter, but I don't know because the game
doesn't tell you, oh, this is your friend or you know, whatever.
It doesn't tell you anything about who's joining your match or when or guaranteeing putting
you on the same team or anything like that.
Anyway, I do plan to do Splatoon 2 after the show tonight.
So maybe I'll learn a little bit more about the multiplayer then, but it definitely is
not, it's not Overwatch.
Let's put it that way.
It is not the matchmaking capabilities of a game like Overwatch or Call of Duty or one
of those things.
And I think we all know that based on what we're hearing of the app, which we'll hear
a little more about later on in the show.
But I've just accepted the fact that I'm playing mostly with randoms and it's fine.
But like, you know, if somebody joins my game and it says, let's say, cause the name that
shows up is just the name you play with on the Wii.
So let's say somebody joins my game and it's Shane.
Is it the Shane I know from Ranger Pride that comes on this show occasionally?
Or is it just some other guy that happens to be named Shane?
I don't know.
Cause the game doesn't tell me.
So there's just, there's a lot of weird shit when it comes to the online support that I
feel like they still have to figure out.
And I feel like maybe the team has one vision, but then it's like Nintendo's infrastructure
might limit them on some things.
So I'm hoping through patches, they're able to make some more of this make sense.
As far as the game itself, I'm fine.
Like, you know, I feel like I might even be having a little more fun with it this time
than I was when I first played it on Wii U, just because I feel like I understand the
game a little better just from watching other people play it and live streams and stuff.
So I mean, you know, that part's cool.
I do feel like when I do the paint roller, I am learning how to do things like how to
sneak up on people.
Like you know, I got an ability that makes, when I swim, I'm more like a Ninja.
I'm a lot harder to spot.
So I'm getting really good at swimming up behind people and splat them with the roller.
So like, I'm learning little tricks like that.
And that does feel really good that like, oh, I'm progressing this time.
That's nice.
So there you go.
Anyway, let's see, I'm trying to look in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
It sounds like ActDeft had some real issues getting the game.
I guess Amazon strikes again.
ActDeft says I'll have to wait until Tuesday.
And that's because, oh, it's UPS or USPS's fault, which I think are the vendors that
Amazon uses, question mark, anyway.
Let's see, other comments in chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see, yeah, oh no, ActDeft is definitely blaming Amazon as I scroll up there.
What's happening there?
I don't see a lot of other people that have been playing Splatoon commenting on that.
But maybe we'll get some more there.
So yeah, again, I've been enjoying the game.
I will probably enjoy it more when they can make the friends and joining people seamless.
And this whole fact that co-op mode is only available some of the time, which is so fucking
weird to me.
Yeah, I saw your post and I was like, so it's like up for 24 hours and then down for 24
hours?
Well, that's what I heard it was supposed to be.
But then this weekend, it's been mostly up, except it will be down for random ass two
hour periods.
Like it does, it just, it doesn't make sense.
Like a lot of Nintendo online things, it doesn't make sense.
And this continues the trend, which is unfortunate because the game is a lot of fun when you
know you can play it.
So anyway, all right, let's move on.
I want to get into some gaming news because I know we're going to talk about this Nintendo
online thing in a little bit.
Just some quick announcements.
First off, we will not be here over Labor Day weekend.
I will be in Atlanta at Dragon Con.
So if you are in the Southeast area, anywhere near Atlanta, you should come to Dragon Con
and have fun.
Party with us.
I should know a little more about panels, appearances, things like that a little closer
to the show.
So I'll be plugging those again.
You can find me at Dragon Con.
I'll be there.
Bobby Blackolf would be there.
I think John from Critical Myth is there.
I know some other folks from VOG Network.
I don't know the full roll call, but I know some other folks will be there too.
So it'll be a lot of fun.
All right, let's get into some gaming news for tonight's Loki starting us off.
So in like, I will never ask for this news.
Atari has announced that they're releasing a new console.
The Atari box.
It's a PC based system that's going to play old and current games.
They haven't announced the price point.
They've released a picture though that looks kind of neat, like the faux wood green on
the front there and the glowing Atari logo.
And then they also have one I think that resembles the 7800 maybe?
With the red logo in all black.
So that's literally all we know about it right now, other than I guess they said they're
going to be funding the console via crowdfunding, hooray!
And we'll be listening closely to community feedback.
Although it reminds me so much of like the Coleco chameleon, you know?
Yeah.
I don't think you're supposed to put water in that.
I think that the crowdsourcing on there is probably more of a desperate attempt for them
to try to make sure they can get the money on it.
But I don't get why.
I looked at it and I just was like, why?
Well, I mean it depends.
Some of Atari's games are interesting.
I don't know.
They've had so many Atari consoles come out, like the whole flashback consoles.
I don't know if I'd really want to play more like 2600 games or anything like that.
But I'd be interested to see like, you know, other Atari games that like maybe Hellesu
Arcade.
Imagine like arcade titles, like if they had like good emulation of arcade titles like
San Francisco Rush.
But I think that their whole thing that they're going for is the classic Atari.
Well everything's classic now for Atari.
I mean the real classic Atari, the 2600, the 5200, and the 7800.
I don't know.
I hope that there's more to it than just that because I don't see why I would need to get
a console for that.
Okay, sorry guys.
Loki made the offhanded comment about the water because I just spilled water all over
the keyboard.
So I'm going to pray that I still have a working keyboard or trying to finish tonight's show.
It's going to be interesting.
But in the meantime, that's why I got real quiet there for a minute.
It might understand that this thing is like if the Ouya and an Atari flashback console
had a baby.
Is that basically what this is?
Well, as far as we know right now, because all we know is that it's a box and that it's
going to have some sort of components inside of it.
As far as what it's going to do and how powerful it is and how much it costs and how they're
going to fund it and how can I buy one.
We don't know any of that.
But now am I wrong in thinking they just announced the Atari flashback eight, seven or eight
if I'm not...
Eight.
Yeah.
They just announced that either this week.
I don't know if somebody else holds the license for that or what have you, but I know they're
getting Activision games this time.
Yeah, Activision games and HDMI out.
It's going to do 720p.
So honestly, right now I'm more jazzed about that flashback console because it's going
to have kaboom capers and pitfall and some of the Activision classics.
I don't know that I would want to play them in 1080p.
So when I say kaboom, I ran two games together.
Kaboom and Keystone capers are going to be in there anyway.
I don't know that I would want to play them in 1080p because I'll be honest when we do
Atari party, we have ours hooked up to some pretty nice high res monitors and it just
doesn't look the same.
I like my flicker.
It's all good.
It'll just be one like fuzzy mess, but that's what, I mean, to be fair, I mean, most people
that buy these flashback consoles, aren't, uh, I don't know what the word would be classic
gaming purists, I guess for lack of a better term, um, that, well, the reality is most
people don't have those TVs anymore.
So if they're going to buy a console like this, they have to have HDMI, right?
Even though it might not look quite right.
But anyway, my point is as, as cool as these Atari flashback console sound, it sounds like
this thing that's coming out is just one of those mashed with some type of open-ended
question mark.
I mean, I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt until if it's crowdfunded, if
it's crowdfunded, I'm not, well, right.
I who said I'm going to back it.
I'm not backing that shit.
I mean, I'm just curious to see what it is.
Like I'm not pulling it.
I learned my lesson with OUYA.
That's enough.
Don't get me wrong.
That shell looks awesome.
Like if anything, the very least, I'd love one of those, you know, Atari, the Atari box
with the wood grain on the front as a shell for like a raspberry pie or something like
that.
Cause that shit looks nice.
But I mean, other than that, yeah, who knows?
I don't know.
It'd be interesting to see, and it's kind of just out of nowhere.
It's like, okay.
It was very random.
Right.
Um, you know, it's got SD card support as well.
I don't know.
Going to live.vognetwork.com, Hitstun says, wait, we know what's, we know what's in the
Atari box.
I was hoping for Jaguar games.
Uh, well they haven't ruled it out.
So tempest 2000 could still be a reality, but don't count on it.
I just hope it's not their new new Atari games.
Cause apparently their new new Atari games are really shit.
Like there was a roller coaster tycoon world apparently not so good.
And the last alone, the dark game that they put out was shit.
Doomplague in chat says we're talking about a company that filed bankruptcy and sold all
of its modern franchises, then said they would focus on casino games.
Uh, dungeon buster says, I'm curious to see what it is, but my expectations are set way
low for this thing.
Uh, and that's probably the boat I'm in is I'm like, Ooh, I kind of want to get where
those Atari flashback consoles, Atari box crowdfunding.
Good luck guys.
We'll see when you get all the details at the very least, you know, one of those is
going to come out.
The other one on the other hand, you have no idea.
Cause they could, they say, Oh yeah, we're going to release this, it's grand crowdfunded
and no one gives a shit and then it doesn't get crowdfunded.
All right.
Well, another thing that's been going on this weekend is San Diego comic con.
And I know a lot of you guys been watching for what's been coming out of that because
there's, you know, there's always some announcements and things that can directly affect video
games.
For example, more characters being announced for Marvel versus Capcom infinite.
Uh, some of the confirmations we got at, uh, uh, San Diego comic con include, uh, Frank
West, Mike Hagar and nemesis.
So we got to see some of those, uh, uh, in the game.
And that's pretty cool.
Cause obviously Frank West from dead rising, very popular character, Mike Hagar final fight.
So, you know, uh, some good Capcom stars to be in that game.
Uh, which I think even though a lot of people are kind of like, I don't know, they're all
in the roster that leaked out a while ago.
So, uh, but dark soccer, you, you still want to give this game a chance, right?
Yeah.
We'll see.
I do.
Do you look, will you be playing as Frank West or Mike Hagar nemesis?
We'll see.
We'll see.
Uh, Oh, here's a, okay.
So they released this on, uh, mobile phones this week.
It is a crossover between hello kitty and Pac-Man.
That's right.
It's hello kitty and Pac-Man.
Uh, and uh, it's in the regular Pac-Man mobile game, which is available on the Google play
store in the Apple app store.
And uh, what they did at comic con though is that there's actually crossover themed
merchandise.
And that part might be really cool, but let me tell you this, uh, Alan saw the thing about
hello kitty and Pac-Man and said, Oh Rob, you got to download the game.
So I did fucking garbage.
And I like a lot of retro stuff and I like Pac-Man.
I fucking have streamed championship edition two.
I think championship edition DX is great mobile phone game ass.
Like it's just, it's not good guys.
It's not good.
I'm sorry.
There's no nice way for me to put it.
It just doesn't translate well to a mobile phone.
Again, the lack of a tactile controller does not do it any favors.
And these whole, like, it's a freemium game where you have to either buy the coins or
earn the coins in these really basic mazes or just, it's just, it's silly.
They just do look kind of cute though.
That's not it.
Hard pass.
All right.
But something that I'm really curious to see if Loki is going to give a hard pass or a,
uh, I'm going out to get in line right now is of course a lot of gamers are taking great
interest in the upcoming movie for ready player one.
And as Loki was hoping, the first teaser was indeed released at San Diego comic con and
Loki I'm dying to know what you think.
It was fucking awesome.
Yeah.
Like it's, it's seriously, I've watched that trailer like 75 times already.
75 times?
Yeah.
It's, it's, it's so like, don't get me wrong.
Like my wife read the book as well and she said it was just garbage.
I mean it is a lot of it's just like listing off shit from the eighties.
That's fine.
But along with that, if you just ignore the bad writing, because a lot of people ignore
bad writing and both like the 50 shades of gray fucking twilight.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You know all that shit.
So they ignore the Harry Potter.
Just kidding.
Just kidding.
We're not seeing, this is like fucking literally, this isn't like a literary masterpiece or
anything like that.
I'm not going to fucking say that at all.
It's it's schlock, but it's got some awesome, you know, the story's pretty cool.
And like the set pieces and like action that are described in there, it's just fucking
amazing.
Like you read that and you're like, there's no way they can make this into a movie because
it'd be fucking expensive with all the licensing they would have to do.
And just looking at the trailer, cause a lot of this stuff in the trailer, like half the
trailer is not in the book.
The whole racing thing is not part of the book.
It's new.
Um, so it's good that they're deviating from that, but it looks so fucking cool.
I even, I noticed I was just like, it's so goddamn awesome.
Like a big CG Fest.
I don't care.
I'm in, it's, it's in the future.
I guess CG Fest is a lot, but even I noticed, I was like, is that Freddy Krueger?
Is that the Iron Giant?
Like what the fuck?
Fucking Freddy Krueger, the Iron Giant, they had Duke Nukem in there at one point, Deathstroke,
Harley Quinn, you know, um, I mean there's like tons of references to all sorts of stuff.
If it's in a Warner Brothers movie, it's probably in here somewhere.
And even like something that's, you know, maybe not Warner Brothers as well.
I mean, so it, it looks really awesome.
So I'm very down to see what this is going to be like and yeah, I'll be there day one.
Absolutely.
I mean, it's just, and then also like the, like the musical tones with it.
I mean, it's just like, so I did enjoy the rush.
See, I watched the trailer.
I don't know shit about the book other than Loki's.
You gotta read the book.
I have the book.
You can read the book.
Uh, Loki's always very excited about it.
Uh, here's, here's just a plot twist.
It'll have a lot more chance of actually getting read if I get an audio book just because for
commutes and things like that.
Like I just, the audio book is narrated by Wil Wheaton.
So that's cool.
All right.
Uh, even I noticed with the trailer, I was like, all right, this looks like it could
be, I don't read books.
Okay.
I don't like reading books, but this book, I couldn't put it down.
Um, I noticed rush was in the trailer.
That's a big part of in, in, in the, the spoiler for the book, I guess in the book, there's
a guitar hero type thing that he has to do that he has to play Tom Sawyer, I think, or
I think that's what it was.
I, yeah, it's been a while since I read the book, but which I think that song was actually
in guitar heroes.
I think he has to play that song or something like rock.
He has to do a guitar hero type thing in there.
But um, yeah, I mean it, it definitely, it's all the, um, the people that were in the race
or they call them the Sixers, they're part of this, um, internet company that's evil
and shit.
And so of course they're out to find, you know, the hidden Easter egg as well.
So I mean they, they're using the power of money to be able to do all that.
But yeah, I mean it's got like, you know, Artemis, one of the characters in the book,
she's got a, um, a cross between Canada's bike from Akira and I'll Tron light cycle
and, you know, and of course, um, the main character, Wade, he's got, it's supposed to
be a cross between the Ecto one, the, uh, back to the future DeLorean and the Knight
Rider, um, kit car.
This sounds like internet fanfic gone crazy.
Come on, Noel, Gus and chat says, Loki's body is ready.
Oh yeah, I'm, I wasn't ready.
I've been waiting for this trailer and I, I was like, I was checking the internet and
checking Twitter and shit like all day long on Saturday.
I'm like, okay, when's this thing?
When is it?
When is it?
And I saw it.
I'm like, fuck yes.
I'm watching that.
And I was at depth and chat says, can you really tell what the story's about with that
trailer?
Well, it, to be fair, it's a teaser, not a trailer, but it's a teaser.
It's still, I mean, um, no, probably not from that.
They didn't really explain what it was if it was just a teaser.
But I mean, being that I've read the book, I know what the story's about.
Um, did you see now just quickly, some of the other stuff like Dar Sakra, I know, uh,
aren't you a fan of Ms. Marvel?
Didn't we get the first look at her today or yesterday?
I hadn't looked yet.
Oh, you should look, let me know what you think.
I'd be curious.
I watched, um, a few of the other trailers, but I didn't really watch very many.
I'm kind of waiting for the hype to die down and then I'll make my own decision.
I just so rarely get out to movies anymore.
It's just a bummer.
I need to see more, but I just never do.
Oh, well.
I did watch an odd trailer.
What'd you see?
For, I don't even know if the movie's already out or not, but it's called Cooties.
I really liked the trailer for what's the Oprah movie.
The Oprah-
Oh, Wrinkle in Time.
Yes, the Wrinkle in Time.
The Oprah movie.
Oprah's in it.
And it had the Eurythmics cover in the trailer that I actually, I had to go find it on Spotify
because I was like, all right.
I couldn't find it.
I tried.
It is, it is on the soundtrack to the movie Sucker Punch, believe it or not.
It's a different one.
The one that they have in that trailer is not the same.
Everyone says it is that one, but it's different.
Oh, I thought it was the-
No, I've listened to both of them.
It's a completely different-
Maybe she remade it again.
It's different.
Yeah.
Interesting.
But this Cooties movie is weird.
It has Elijah Wood in it and it's about child zombies that apparently-
Not another zombie movie.
They're apparently only susceptible to whatever it is if you haven't gone through puberty.
Oh, my bad.
That's right.
Act F says it was D23.
Sorry, that was last week's news.
My bad.
My bad.
We'll allow it.
We'll allow it.
We'll allow it.
We'll allow it.
Blow us together.
All right.
I did watch all the Marvel trailers and I watched the DC trailers as well.
I'm still not hyped about Justice League.
I'm sorry.
I'm just, maybe I'm not, well, I am not a DC fan, but like, but you know what, though?
If they're smart and when Joss Whedon took over, he just made it Wonder Woman too, but
we'll see.
No, Wonder Woman had a great part in it and that stuff looked neat.
It's just, I'm not still just on board with like, it wasn't the same as like the Avengers
like this.
I'm just like, I don't fucking care.
It's kind of what it is.
But like, holy shit, the Lego movies though, they're fucking knocking that shit out of
the park because they had a new trailer for the Ninjago movie.
Fucking hilarious.
Just the humor that they have in those movies, they're just fantastic.
So they have that.
And of course the new Thor Ragnarok trailer looks awesome.
And then I watched the bootleg of the Avengers infinity war trailer, which looks pretty cool.
Hope they release that adventure.
I don't know why they do that.
Like hold it back.
They're waiting for Thor Ragnarok to come out or some weird, but, um, yeah, it all looks
good.
Um, trying to win else defenders though.
That's another one too.
I don't give a shit about like, I didn't, I've never gotten into the Netflix stuff,
but I'm just like, yeah, I really don't want to see that.
But stranger things too is, I'm on board for that.
I was already on board for that.
So, all right, well we could talk about more movies and TVs, but we need to get back to
games.
Uh, dark soccer has some shakeup and gaming, right?
Yep.
And I'm honestly not terribly surprised by it, but, um, BioWare's, uh, general manager,
Aaron Flynn, who's been there for 17 years is leaving.
And to replace him is another former BioWare employee who went off to Microsoft and is
now coming back, uh, Casey Hudson, which basically it was Hudson's interest in returning that
led to Flynn making the final decision.
Of course, that's what it says, but you know, everybody's reading into this.
Was Mass Effect Andromeda that bad?
Perhaps that unsupported.
And if it were me on a project that, you know, that I had hoped would be treated better,
I'd probably leave too, cause you know, that's just gotta be a blow.
I mean, this guy was also, uh, if I'm right, like the lead programmer for Dragon Age Origins
and Mass Effect 2.
No, he was the director of programming.
So, you know, two series, you know, and he was also a general manager, of course, while
Dragon Age Inquisition was going on in Mass Effect 3.
So I mean, he's had his fingers in the pie for a long time.
Dungeon Buster in chat says, as one comment I read about on the BioWare news went, someone
had to fall on their sword.
Okay.
But here's my question.
Who at EA is taking a hit?
Because I'm sorry, EA needs blame in that what happened with Andromeda needs some big
time blame, but that's, that's just my thoughts.
Yeah.
It is what it is.
All right.
Well, let's hope the Mass Effect series can maybe recover and maybe with Casey Hudson
at the helm, maybe he's willing to give this series a shot and maybe we'll really advocate
for it.
Cause it is something he was heavily involved in the original trilogy.
Who knows?
Who knows?
We'll see.
All right.
Well, moving on.
Uh, we got some more news.
So Nintendo released their app, um, just before the launch of Splatoon 2 to basically handle
their online portion of the Switch.
So they have the Nintendo Switch online app and you can use it for a bunch of things for
Splatoon 2, for example, like, uh, matchmaking, uh, game invites.
They're even having some sort of, uh, voice chat system.
However, the voice chat, of course, as we've seen the setup before with the headsets that
were coming out is not necessarily the most elegant solution.
You have to basically hook your Switch and your phone up to a splitter and hook that
up to a headset and hope that all works.
On top of that though, their app has some really funky issues with it.
So for example, when you're on voice chat, you'll disconnect if, you know, for example,
another application comes up or it'll restart in the same room.
If you open, um, I guess it'll restart once you open it up again.
But I guess if it's, the app is in the background, it just disconnects unlike a lot of other
things.
The other thing too is the app won't work if your phone goes in the power saving sleep
mode.
So if your screen is inactive, it will shut off, which is fantastic because then now you
have to have your phone charging all the time in order for it to work.
In my opinion, that is the biggest, dumbest oversight in the whole thing is the fact that
when you go into sleep mode, the thing kicks you off.
I mean, come on, it's, it's weird.
I mean, I don't understand why, why they can't just allow it to shut the screen or better
yet, like if you're in chat mode or something like that, have the screen black out.
Like Pokemon go does that where like you can leave your phone open, but if you turn your
phone upside down, it blacks the whole screen and yeah, saves a little power.
Yeah, it's just, it's stupid.
Uh, yeah, and I just, again, the app, I tried using the app at least for some of the other
stuff cause you can go into the splat net or whatever and you can see like, here's my
last few scores and you can, this is the weird thing.
You can buy things on the app that are different from the rotations that are in the game live.
So I guess like a little perk to using the app or something.
I don't know.
I shouldn't have to, well, shouldn't have to use the app in the first place.
It's a little weird, but it's there.
But I mean, other than that stuff, like what is, what is stopping me from using discord
or Skype?
There's really nothing.
It's actually probably better.
Oh my God.
Discord should be having a field day right now.
That that system is blowing up, which by the way, cheap plug, vog network discord is also
where actually the next person to join is going to be our 50th member on discord.
So I'm pretty excited about that.
So it's over a vog network.com slash discord.
But anyway, I mean, discord's really blowing up all over the place.
And now, you know, now it's going to be a possible solution for a lot of people for
Nintendo's failure to produce a competent app when it comes to voice chatting, which
I guess, you know, they can always update it and try to make it better, but good Lord.
Like, okay, I get it.
Here's my, my problem.
Like I thought the whole idea of having to have an app for online was stupid, but if
they can make it work, then cool.
And it sounds like they're just, it's like, this is like rookie shit that they're fucking
didn't think, Oh, Hey, maybe we should get it to work when the phone goes to sleep or
have it run in the background.
Or I don't know.
It's like, do they not know how to, do they outsource this shit?
I mean, do they not know how to fix this?
I mean, I ding, ding, ding.
I think we have a winner, but anyway, I would think that they'd be able to patch this in,
so hopefully they can fix it, but it's just stupid.
It's not, when people aren't very confident in your ability to handle online and you pull
this shit, it doesn't help the argument for you.
Dungeon buster and chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, Nintendo friend code team.
We made things a little difficult for players to get together.
Nintendo mobile team, hold our beer.
And the friend code thing, let's be honest.
I still don't get that.
I mean, can we get to the point now where we understand that like, there's, is that
really preventing anything with friend codes?
I mean, like I, there's for what it, for what it's worth, which isn't much, but for what
it's worth, it's not what it used to be in on the Nintendo Wii.
Like when you find somebody's friend code, you send them a friend request.
Like it's not one of those, like you both have to add each other or you'll never know
that.
It sends a traditional request and you can pull in friends from the Wii U, the 3DS, the
Miitomo and like other mobile stuff.
You can pull in your friends list from those games, but it is weird how the mobile games,
those mobile games like Miitomo will go to your Twitter and Facebook lists, but your
Switch will not.
And I think that just goes to show there's some type of teams not talking to each other
or outsource stuff going on here.
Like why is it possible over here, but not possible over here?
It's weird, but it's not as bad.
Like, you know, I know Nintendo gets a lot of shit for friend codes as they should, but
uh, it's not what it was on the Nintendo Wii.
It's come a long way since then.
I just think people don't care because like you have, once again, parents let their kids
play fucking Call of Duty and shit.
Do you think they really care who their child is online?
I mean, I don't know.
Well they, or they should, they should pay attention.
I don't know.
Well, anyway, I guess you could always go back to the classic days of the SNES, which
a lot of people are trying to do because of the Super Nintendo classic.
And uh, turns out my phone blew up with notifications the other night because Walmart put those
fuckers up for pre-order.
Uh, the Super NES classic supposed to be released on September 29th, it's going to cost 80 bucks
and Walmart put them up for pre-order and of course they're gone.
But I would, I will give them this credit.
It took a good 20 minutes or so.
Yeah, I had set up notifications for that, but I didn't see my phone in time and my phone
was charging.
I was out at dinner and I know shock and awe you guys, sometimes at dinner, I turn my phone
over and I don't look at it.
Sometimes.
Casp.
I don't know.
This was one of those times where I was like, you know, if they're going to make it so difficult
for me to buy one of those systems, I'm just not going to get one.
And that is exactly, if Nintendo wants me to buy one, I will.
And I said that a few weeks ago and I'm sticking to it.
Cause honestly this, this product to me seems like, like the, um, you know, Atari flashbacks
and new stuff of that sort.
It's more of like an impulse buy.
I think, I mean, a lot of people really want it, but I think, you know, if they weren't
so hard to get, people wouldn't be clamoring as much.
I don't know.
Uh, well over at Target, uh, which I didn't really want to buy anything at Walmart anyway.
So when I hear about their competitor Target, I'm like, okay, well target I can handle.
Uh, somebody actually tweeted target.
When can I get a SNES classic?
Target did reply saying we expect to carry SNES in stores and online, but we don't have
any info regarding pre-orders.
So they may or may not be taking pre-orders and I guess this was a follow up to an earlier
tweet they said, where they said, good news, we'll have this item and it will be available
for pre-orders, but it sounds like Target and their support team there that's working
on Twitter and doesn't really have a consistent answer for that.
And conspiracy theorists myself, um, I would like to say that I noticed that, Hmm, well
this bad news about your online app sucking, let's let out some of those pre-orders.
So we get the websites covering that instead.
And that, Oh, Hey, the SNES classic was out there.
It's got the positive spin out there.
Interesting.
And now no one's talking about the online app sucking.
I don't think, I think there it's, it's too much of a negative and a positive.
You've seen the reviews for that online app in the stores, like on iTunes and on Google
play, people are, people are not nice, but at the same time, it's not a nice app.
So I can't, you know, there's appropriate ways to take out your anger, throwing a shoe
at a stage to some woman who's just contracted to be there.
That's probably not one of the ways you should do it.
Um, but I suppose a review on a site like iTunes, um, may be effective.
You know, Nintendo's got to look at that two star rating and go, Hmm, that doesn't, we
got two stars.
Wow.
All right.
Anyhow, let's move on dark soccer.
Well, um, we were at one time World of Warcraft players and have played other, I would say
Blizzard games, but this one is a little bit surprising.
Um, Blizzard actually laid off, uh, Russell Brower, I guess that's how you say his last
name.
Um, who was, uh, the senior audio director and composer who's worked on a World of Warcraft,
Overwatch, Starcraft two, Diablo three, Hearthstone, and all kinds of things he put on his Facebook
that, um, and would there being some adjustments within the company that his position was made,
uh, redundant, it, it was eliminated, um, which I suppose is a big shock.
I mean, for a lot of people, he's had his, you know, his fingers in a lot of Blizzard
projects and, um, I mean, I would, they might have him freelance, I don't know, but still
that's just kind of crappy.
Actually it's a lot crappy.
Yeah.
I mean, it's kind of, it's kind of painful to hear that when you think about like what
great music World of Warcraft had, like I will still always love like the Grizzly Hills,
like when you go into that zone for the first time, that's an amazing song.
And, you know, obviously there's a lot of, you know, big, big stuff for World of Warcraft.
So it's, it's sad to hear about that, but I mean, it kind of sounds like the door is
open where it's like, well, he's not a full time employee, but he can still, it doesn't
mean that like, it doesn't sound like it ended ugly, like, um, like the halo, the guy who
did the halo song for Bungie, it sounds like that didn't end so well.
But this one sounds a little more like, well, the door's open, so maybe there's freelance
in the future, but maybe be nice and we'll give you a big parting bonus or it's in like
some work disclosure.
Uh, Slykic from Game Buoy is in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com saying, Blizzard
did a Heroes of the Storm themed employee outing at Medieval Times in Buena Park.
They put on a special show for them.
Did you hear that?
Yeah, I heard, I saw that on Twitter actually.
So Blizzard does things like that for the employees sometimes.
They also did, they, one night they did, um, this is a couple of years ago, but I remember
hearing after BlizzCon, they rented the World of Color thing at Disney California Venture
and they did like a Blizzard World of Color.
But it was just like, it wasn't anything, it was like their trailers on the water screen.
It wasn't like they didn't go out of their way to do a bunch of effects.
But still, for employees, it's got to be really exciting.
It is pretty crazy.
Thank you, RageNator.
Martin O'Donnell is a Halo composer.
Yeah, I heard it didn't end well between him and Bungie.
I remember that came up on the show a while ago, but, um, yeah, or actually it was Activision
more, but anyway.
All right.
Uh, let's, uh, let's move on.
Just got a couple more stories for you guys before we get to the classic game of the week,
Loki.
I don't get this.
This is kind of stupid, but, um, you know, there's this whole Overwatch league, um, that,
you know, it's their esports league that they were trying to trademark their logo, which
has Tracer and it's kind of like, you know, the multicolored logos you see for like several
sports franchises.
And well, one of those sports franchises, Major League Baseball, is saying, hey, it's
too similar to our logo.
You can't trademark this.
So they filed an appeal, but they haven't, they filed an extension on their appeal, but
they haven't yet filed an appeal for it and the deadline's actually coming up in about
three days.
But it doesn't look anything like the fucking Major League Baseball logo and besides on
top of that, I think if you have any qualms against any sort of logo like that, then what
about Major League Gaming?
I mean, come on.
That's more of a rip off of that than anything.
And they're like, what about the NBA has the same type of thing or NHL?
I mean, there's like a ton of fucking logos out there that look all the same.
It is also pretty clear to me that in one logo, the person is holding a baseball bat
and the other logo, the person is holding a gun.
It's also different colors.
It's also different fonts.
Also the, the way the words are lined up is different.
It's just sounds like, hmm, up and coming popular.
Is MLB afraid of something?
Yeah, I think so.
Sounds like it.
After all, we had Evo on ESPN on Sunday night.
They're pulling higher numbers in some of their games.
So just, I don't know, just, just theorize.
I guess we'll have to follow and see what happens with this.
Hopefully they won't file any sort of, um, appeal.
So they're, like I said, the deadline for their submission has to be the 26th.
And so if they don't file anything, then there's no opposition and they're going to basically
just allow them to have that.
All right.
Well, a little more for you here before we get to the classic game of the week, but this
is about a classic game and this all seems to be happening all at once.
I don't know if this is because of the Castlevania and how well that's been doing on Netflix,
but Jason mentioned at the intro at the top of the show tonight, there's been kind of
a flood of this media stuff this week.
And yeah, there has been.
Get this, Galaga of all things.
That's right.
The old 80s Namco game, Galaga, supposed to be made into a animated series.
That's right.
Sweden, uh, an LA based production company, the Nuttery Entertainment, the Nuttery, send
them to the Nuttery.
Uh, they're developing an animated series and other extensions of the Galaga brand.
They've signed an agreement with bound by Namco, uh, which, uh, you know, obviously
made Galaga and Galaxian and all that.
They're trying to develop new characters and stories based on Galaga, including an
animated series titled Galaga Chronicles, huh?
So yeah, a quote there, we're incredibly honored to be able to work on such an amazing legacy
property and help launch it into the animated space.
So it could be interesting.
Um, Dar Sakura, I know you're a fan of Namco stuff.
Uh, would you watch a Galaga cartoon?
Sure.
I watched a Salamander anime.
Hmm.
All right.
Would you watch one based on Splatoon?
Because Splatoon is going to get one too.
What's that?
I haven't played any Splatoon.
It's cute.
I think, I think, I think Splatoon would make a good anime.
I think it's a good like kid thing.
Like I know we always taunt Nintendo at being like the kiddie company, but let's be real.
Like they made a first person, well, you know what I mean?
Over the shoulder shooter or whatever you want to call it.
That isn't really a shooter, but it is.
And it's a game that's like really fun for adults and kids can get into it.
So it's not overly violent and I don't see any faults there now.
No, I mean, so like, yeah, Nintendo kind of hit the money on this.
So it makes a lot of sense that Splatoon is going to get an anime spinoff.
Uh, it is being reported by Korokoro that the series will premiere on the Korokoro YouTube
page on August 12th.
There already is a Splatoon manga in magazine form.
So it just makes sense that the anime is going to follow suit.
There had been one for Metroid back in the day.
Oh, they made a manga for Metroid.
That a lot of the story points from the manga ended up in like super Metroid and some of
the other Metroid games.
Well then it could be interesting to see what develops with, uh, especially with how popular
some of those Splatoon characters are really popular.
Like seriously, just look up Pearl and Marina.
Well, the, the NES version of Strider was based off of a manga based off the arcade
version.
Right.
Because that's why the Sega and Nintendo ones, even though they're both Strider are so different.
Exactly.
Excellent.
Uh, anyhow, uh, well it may not be Metroid, but another classic game, uh, again, sounds
like it's moving forward, is a Mega Man movie.
Now, we first heard about this two years ago, but some movement happened.
It's not in development hell anymore.
It's in the final stages of negotiations to write and direct.
Sharon in entertainment, I hope I'm saying that right, is the producer behind this.
The directors of the catfish film, we'll be heading up the project, but heroes actor
Masi Oka, who played like that, uh, what was his name in heroes?
Hero.
Hero.
Okay.
Thank you.
I just remember he was the guy in the trailer in Times Square going, I did it.
Honestly, he was one of the best parts of George Takei played his dad.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like the key was, he was the hero in that show, literally.
But anyway, uh, so he's involved with that, which I remember that was because he had done,
he wasn't always an actor.
Well, I guess that was always something he kind of did, but he was like a sci-fi, uh,
FX guy before that.
Wasn't he?
I still remember reading about that.
Yeah.
I think he made that transition from that to like doing the acting in that show.
And then obviously he was very popular in that show.
Anyway, no idea when the film itself will be coming out, but I'm sure plenty more information
will be out there.
Uh, so it doesn't suck like the cartoon looks cause that cartoon looks like shit.
Is that cartoon even come out yet?
I thought we saw trailers, but why don't we have seen trailers for, but I thought it was
early 2018 for that.
I don't know.
All right.
All right.
Well, anyhow.
Well, it looks weird.
I was just like, sorry.
Just interrupt again.
Um, we have all these like, oh yeah, movies and cartoon game, game, anywhere it's like
fucking hot topic in invader Zim.
Oh, let's put out all the fucking invaders in merchandise, but fuck you.
We're not giving you another show until of course new Nintendo Rocko's modern life fucking
trailer for that looks awesome, but yeah, I mean the movie is nice.
I guess it's good to test the waters to see if it's something to bring back.
I think Mark Rocco's modern life would be good in invader Zim.
I'm all for that.
Come on.
No Gus.
In our chat over at live.vognetware.com says I want to kid Icarus reboot so that I can
cosplay as eggplant wizard.
A you can already cosplay as eggplant wizard if you want.
I think the eggplant wizard was iconic enough.
Okay.
Eggplant wizard was in captain in, right?
If I remember, right?
Uh, yes.
I think so.
Yes.
It also was iconic enough for the game and was also terrible.
But B I just want to remind you the eggplant wizard and the eggplant emoji have nothing
in common.
So just if that's where you're going with that, just, just, just a little word of caution
for the eggplant wizard to be a perfect character for another smash game.
I think so.
I think the eggplant wizard would be, I think, I think, I think that the eggplant wizard
is a good character.
And the dude from Actraiser.
Do, do for a comeback.
Yes.
Dude from Actraiser.
Uh, eggplant wizard.
We need to, maybe this is a list list we need to do in the future.
The, the character that's due for a fucking comeback.
Just like we had Duck Hunt, right?
We had that fucking dog came back in smash.
Character due for a comeback via smash.
How about another Duck Hunt game?
There's all these properties they can bring back.
Yeah.
I like that.
We're going to do that on a future show I think.
Character due for a comeback.
In fact, if you're going to see NES classic edition two, I would be happy, I mean, I don't
know how they would do a light gun game, but it would be cool to see with the zapper in
there and have all the light gun games in there.
All right.
Let's travel back to a simpler time when we were playing games that featured eggplants
and there was nothing wrong with that.
The classic game of the week.
Dark soccer is going to step into the gaming vault and find a game that she thinks, hey,
brat, play this game or I'll turn you into an eggplant.
Sorry, Sakura.
What is it?
Eggplants are kind of good though, actually.
I actually make eggplant parmesan really nicely.
My grandmother used to make it for me, so believe it or not, I have a lot of fond memories
attached to eggplants.
You know what I'm saying?
It's one of those things...
Sorry, I can't help it.
It's one of those things that people...
Not those kind of memories.
It's one of those things that people love or they hate, but I find that I really like
eggplant.
Go figure.
Okay, eggplant emoji.
Classic game of the week.
Dark Sakura.
What should the kids be playing this week?
Senkoku or as it was in Japan, Senkoku Densho, which was a legacy of the Warring States to
translate.
Oh, it's a Neo Geo game.
I love the Neo Geo startup logo.
That's right.
Let's have a moment.
Rob, start it over.
We just heard it.
Do it.
Fine.
Jamie made me.
I hear that every time I turn on my Neo Geo.
Everybody now.
Sweet relief.
Anyways, Senkoku actually was a series of games that were put out by SNK.
It had several different ports and releases that came out.
The original, of course, was for the Neo Geo arcade system.
And that also means that we had...
So then that was also the Neo Geo AVS, MVS, Neo Geo CD, Mega CD, and Super Famicom versions
that apparently were...
Some of them were canceled in North America.
The arcade version was rereleased as SNK Arcade Classics Volume 1 in part of it.
And the Neo Geo version was rereleased for Virtual Console in 2001 with the sequels also
coming to Virtual Console, Senkoku 2, Senkoku 3 for US and PAL regions.
And then in 2009 for PS2 and Windows, there was Senkoku Anthology.
So basically, I like this game and I had forgotten about it until I watched a video review yesterday.
It almost kind of makes me think of Samurai Troopers.
You remember that anime?
Over here we got it as Ronin Warriors.
It kind of makes me think a little bit of it because you have this dark undead dimension
that's still based in feudal Japan, or at least the mythology around it is, who come
to the modern world or the dimension train at crossover.
And your two heroes are a ninja named Dave, in the US version, or in the Neo Geo version,
and a cowboy named Keld, although in the SNES one, they were Dan and Bill respectively,
who were descendants of the original samurai who banished the asshole warlord back when.
So you start off with six health points, and then after you beat certain enemies, you
get these powerful forms that you can transform into, that you can toggle which one you go
into, although in the SNES one you can't.
You've got a wolf form, you have a ninja form, you have a samurai form, and they've got their
own special power-ups that go on along with the game.
But the neat thing about this game is that you can hit these warp areas that take you
from a modern day, or by modern I mean 1991 setting, and send you into this mythical feudal
Japanese setting.
Banners broken in the background, and even the music changes, and the music in this game
is freaking great.
It actually has one of my favorite game soundtracks.
And on top of that, one of the things in the arcade version is that there is a reference
to the game Athena, where- Neo Geo has a lot of subtle references to that game, it really
do.
Well, it was another SNK game.
Yeah, no, I know, I know, it was like one of their first, yeah.
But it even has dress shop Athena, and it's in the Athena font, with a schoolgirl dressed
on a mannequin in the background, it's pretty cool.
So anyway, as you go through the game, you have to survive being attacked by the enemies
and collect your power-ups.
Five green orbs will heal one health point, and a red orb will give you a single sword,
a cyan one will give you a double sword, and the purple one gives you a two-handed holy
sword, and a yellow one will give you a magic attack.
And now here's the bad thing, as much as I would love to love on the SNES one, it actually
suffers from a lot of the limitations of having a slower processor.
On top of that, the music really isn't all that great, although the SNES can do a pretty
decent shakuhachi sound.
Anyway, of course the Neo Geo version is perfect, the Neo CD version is perfect.
The only thing that I remembered as being a problem with the arcade one is that it played
kind of sluggishly anyway, and of course the Super Famicom one was even worse.
Now the Mega Drive one, because I had never played the Mega Drive one, but I was watching
the review of it, and the same company that did the port of it had done plenty of other
games, and it looks like it plays fine, the music is there, the music is the arcade music
because it's Mega CD, it just doesn't have as beautiful as a color palette.
But I think the music in this game is absolutely wonderful, and the game itself, it has a lot
of good things going on for it, it just needs to be a little bit more fun to play.
But for one of those, it was really I think ambitious in terms of story, and the design
of the game, and the way that it played, and as you went through various different settings,
it's just very fascinating.
Shame it just wasn't more fun to play, that's all.
But that's the game, Sengoku Densho.
Alright, there it is, your classic game of the week, a Neo Geo classic, Sengoku.
Let's hear it one more time, Darkstalker, one more time, one more time.
Okay.
We just need a collection of those for bumpers, like that remixed with the old Capcom Q sound.
Yeah, all the old start-up noises, the GameCube, doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo.
And old Konami, dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun
with more of orange lounge radio right after this
welcome back everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight on this sunday night with episode
number 695 of our show we're just a few episodes away from 700 if you can believe it uh if
you are just joining us here live you've missed a lot of chat like earlier in the show
we were talking about the pokemon go fest and our buddy charles from the pokemon go
podcast was actually here and uh i've been talking to him a little bit on twitter even
though i obviously couldn't be here live tonight but he did want to mention that uh he did
have some videos that he took the event if you want to check that out it's over on their
facebook page so just check it out over at facebook.com slash pokemon go podcast you
can check out those videos uh in the meantime we're gonna get back into some rapid fire
news loki so here's some new fodder for nintendo to dmca um smit there's a smash brothers fan
game called super clash brothers it basically takes the characters in smash brothers and
puts them in their wonderful 8 and 16 bit iterations and then of course there's a whole
game based on that so this one they've only got a few characters so far you've got mario
luigi princess peach link sonic tales knuckles and mega man and of course you know every
character looks just like their you know sprite versions and i think even operates sort of
like their sprite versions as well so it's available to check out online until of course
it is um you know taken down by nintendo eventually so that would be terrible um the other fun
thing there's a new mod for link to the past allows two people to share items online so
i guess it's somehow it it adds some some special code to allow a couple players to
actually coordinate items through the progress of the game and can change each other's inventory
that's kind of kind of weird um and they're saying that even i guess you can communicate
with your teams over skype and stuff um that's definitely a unique mod for that too bad it's
not like co-op though in zelda that'd be pretty cool yeah it's kind of a bummer they don't
like officially release something like that that's like when they like put multiplayer
in skyrim with a mod you know something that people kind of wanted but bethesda didn't
i guess think the balance would work right but at modders to the rescue right yeah so
neat well uh maybe uh maybe ubisoft will be looking at a zelda-like game on the nintendo
switch who knows what they're working on we don't know but ubisoft has said that they are working
on more titles for nintendo switch this is during a recent earnings call but of course no more
details just that the games will be announced soon we don't know if they're ports we don't know if
they're new games all together or like you know new uh platforms for games that are scheduled
to come out like maybe the south park game but that's you know obviously i'm i'm totally making
shit up right now um but we'll see we'll find out i would imagine gamescom might be a good time in
the near future to announce that stuff obviously i would imagine yeah ubisoft has a lot of operations
in france uh so that's only a few weeks away yeah so that'll be a good time but we'll see we'll see
uh but that would make a lot of sense uh also could the end of me verse be coming um i guess
it would make a lot of sense after all since the wii u has kind of been kicked to the curb at this
point nintendo did do an update to the wii u this update contains text now keep in mind this text
is not displayed on the screen somebody's gone through the files and found this that says the
me verse service has ended me verse and any software features that make use of me verse
are now unavailable again nintendo has announced anything official yet it's just it seems like the
wording is in there in their most recent software updates that's really all we know right now
but again i mean it kind of makes sense that it would go away except it's it's on the 3ds as well
and the 3ds is still supported by me just you know break it for the wii u i want to know what
this breaks so when they get rid of this what's this going to break everything is it going to
break like mario maker i mean how does that work yeah i don't know if it breaks mario maker and
splatoon or what happens with that um and how far out is it it could be maybe this is the last major
system patch for the wii u or something and so they're putting that text in there preemptively
i don't know but again this is all still really premature so all right uh moving on dark sakura
well um we know we uh all enjoy our super mario maker at least we some of us are still giving it
the time of day yeah i did uh i did the post show stream last week was mario maker we had a lot of
fun well now um a fan has made a mario 64 maker basically um you use your camera perspective and
put things where you want and you would play them through emulation or through you know like
a rom writer or something so pretty neat um it is available um online um you just have to look it up
um and you know before someone takes it down so and in other news for folks who are fans of
ultra street fighter 2 they have released now or figured out how to play as shin akuma
or as he was in japan goki so to do this you choose you highlight color one press cancel
then choose ken highlight number uh color nine then press cancel
choose sagat highlight color eight then press cancel choose m bison highlight color seven
press cancel highlight the random select then press l and r simultaneously good lord you have
to do that each time you want to play oh oh that's fucking hell that's stupid so well it's an arcade
ish thing to do i guess no it's stupid it's an arcade thing arcade ish thing to do in an arcade
that has no sort of like static memory to know that it's updated you know an unlock or something
like that that's on capcom not nintendo that is just stupid all right well anyhow i do want to
go to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com because some interesting uh insight the me verse thing
really struck a chord with a lot of people in chat uh when we were talking about that uh jd
and chat says the my nintendo thing still gives weekly me verse check-ins i don't expect them to
disable that until they roll out switch rewards on my nintendo uh act dev points out there's a me
verse stage in smash wii u so uh let's see uh also in chat at live.vognetwork.com dark tetsuya
theorizes maybe it'll tie into nintendo's new online maybe have a me verse style service on
switch well what's interesting to see if you haven't already seen splatoon 2 kind of built
its own me verse within the game and that's where you're seeing a lot of these pictures that look a
lot like me verse show up but they're just kind of embedded in splatoon 2 so that's kind of weird
but anyway uh dark tetsuya saying about the code by the way what i thought really neat about this
code this is the street fighter code is the color numbers spell out 1987 get it and hey to be fair
you have to do the same type of thing to unlock akuma in street fight excuse me street fighter
originally so i remember all the drama you had to go through to unlock roll it is it is it is
one of those things that once you do it once it should kind of be permanent but whatever all right
anyway enough of that let's talk about what is out in stores this week starting with the us loki so we
have a few things coming out this week um starting off with avon colony that's coming out on pc
playstation 4 and xbox one fable fortune on xbox one and pc i guess they got held back a little bit
uh pyre on pc and playstation 4 super or super cloud built on pc playstation 4 and xbox one
caller x or i guess caller cross malice on playstation vita hey pikmin is coming out on 3ds
metopia also on 3ds and then sundered on pc and playstation 4 and last but not least uh looks
like we've got dragon quest 9 on 3ds and playstation 4 that's it all right uh traveling
over to japan there's some releases to check out including on friday naruto shippuden ultimate
ninja storm trilogy uh gets a release on playstation 4 as well as call of duty modern
warfare remastered gets japanese released this week it's worth pointing out this isn't uh specific
to japan it's actually a korean game but it's coming out in the asian territories so i bring
it up here because a lot of import stuff uh and import stores it's on that list as well dj max
respect uh which i know some of you music game fans are looking forward to and then kind of a
big deal in japan dragon quest 11 on the playstation 4 dragon quest 11 sugishar sugi
sarishi toki o moto mette comes out uh um there's a regular one uh there's a controller that comes
out with that there's an entire freaking piece ps4 in a dragon quest edition that is all out
this week if you want to look on the vita however there's some releases there as well uh including
uh hiro no kakara omiiro no kyoku comes out in regular limited edition and waga mama high spec
in regular and limited edition uh checking out to see if there's anything on the switch or 3ds
japan this week doesn't look like we have anything this week except except some accessories um but
on the 3ds we do have um dragon quest 11 is also on the 3ds i forgot about that so there's actually
a metal slime 2ds xl that is coming out to go with that so i'm sure a lot of people are going
to be checking out dragon quest 11 how about the uk dark sakura we have a few um well really just
one thing on the 25th is fortnite for playstation 4 and xbox one uh hitstun in chat talking about
dragon quest 11 says yeah we still don't have dragon quest 10 i don't care until we have it
agree just saying all right dark sakura we're gonna go back right over to you to get into the
mailbag every week you guys send us emails participate at orange lounge radio.com and dark
sakura dives in the mailbag and finds some letters that she thinks maybe this one's worth reading
dear lord y'all all right all right i'm just trying to make sure that this isn't one no that's
fairly recent okay evening rob jamie and loki first of all let me say again happy 15th this
email i have been meaning to send y'all a couple of wait did i already read this one i think if
it's from rama you did do this last week okay then why does it have an earlier date on it or
a later date on it i don't know mailbox shenanigans because that other one i know when
was the 16th uh 16th was before the last year last show was was on the 16th so read anything 17th and
after okay well sorry rama well we complemented his email a lot last week so yeah but this seems
to be different oh well maybe he sent a revised version with an attachment i meant none of that
hell with all you i meant it all i didn't mean any of it i'll move forward that's fine
hi there i wait wait wait wait oh this is another thing about the fire pro wrestling thing oh hi
there is your penis small dude even enlargement no because i was like i saw spike chun soft
and i'm like what oh not danganronpa don't care how did that wow i guess that's a compliment
though that our new email address got picked up by some companies already that's well actually i
do care because then maybe yeah you wanted to check out that game right danganronpa v3 freebies
there's there's you read yeah i'm gonna play dangan i'm gonna play the fight about a fire
pro wrestling game with danganronpa characters dude read that email offline because there's
something in it that you're gonna want and take it okay ooh navy seals next email please okay sorry
this is called fucking stupid splatfest battles oh i already know what this is gonna be about i
know this is gonna be about somebody is trying to get me to fucking rant tonight read it okay
hello humanoids there's a link to a twitter thing on friday nintendo announced the next
platoon 2 splatfest battle will be team mayo versus team ketchup to which sky remarked
fuck off this is disgusting and an attack and i stand by my statement personally i just think
it's fucking stupid can you agree of any other fucking stupid splatfest battles they could do
how about team pinot noir versus team savignon block uh stable stay black writer dude i would
participate i i think a good splatfest would be team red wines versus white wines i think that's
a decent one worth having except that this is supposed to be a kids game but they can find a
creative way to word it like what's your favorite grape you like red grapes or white grapes that's
how you do it it would be and i think it's team box wine versus team bottle wine i it's all
delicious i just want to remind people the reason why i feel so strongly about this is i really
fucking hate mayonnaise and what what drives me bonkers about it is that it's not this well it
isn't it isn't splatfest itself this is an excuse for people to tag me on twitter talking about team
mayo and i'm just like shut up it's not fun i don't know if i'd be comfortable with a lot of
squid shooting substances that are similar to mayo around in that game you know what i hate ketchup
well here here's here's the thing i'm i i don't even really like ketchup i guess i'm team ketchup
by default but i am with the emailer i am team this is just ridiculous in general but i i'm only
team ketchup because i have to be but in the reality i'm going to california extreme this
weekend anyway right preach splatfest can kind of kiss my submarine sandwich guess what what
i'm not going to be in the cast at california extreme we can play ddr that'll be fun wait
splatfest is this weekend right not next weekend you know i'm also team not playing splatoon yeah
i'm just just forget that's splatfest i don't need the shell stuff that badly i can skip one
and i swear to god if you tag me in mayo bullshit on twitter i'm gonna block you like i it's not
funny i'm telling you right now it's not funny i have a letter from me to spike chinsoft okay
can we please give me don can run the v3 for free it's super professional i will i will review it
for you and tell you that i love it because i love all things danganronpa okay um oh sorry jd
just to be fair jd is pointing out splatfest his first weekend of august it's not next weekend well
i'm gonna fucking make plans the first weekend of august i am doing something other than splatfest
what let's go to a museum i would i team art team art let's go to the rosa crucial museum read a
book we're going to sit we're going to san jose and we're going to go to the rosa crucial team
science win that time oh that's right they did an art versus science thing didn't they god damn it
all right anyway hi olr it's reginator again with another seemingly random question thank you for
saving us he said semen you know is it seemingly why don't they just do team tits and team ass
why don't they just do that is uh team i want to see the shirts to come along with that one
why can't you have both can we get like the like the boob like hats you know that they have
so what would it be team dick versus team ass no why not team tits and ass
team no no we need team dick too there are plenty of women that would still pick tits
there are not many men who have boobs like that all right team we'll do uh team eggplant emoji
versus team peach emoji okay okay okay okay so we'll have one week of team tits and ass and one
tea tea week of peach emoji and i'll just i'll just set them all up i'll set them all up okay
because nintendo can't possibly handle the i love this idea what we should do on the show
if we i'm sorry to derail the email but you know what this is far more important than whatever sale
he's going to talk about so love your agent here so here's the thing i think when splatfest is lame
we replace it and we say these are the new teams we overrule nintendo and their inferior online
system and we are officially overruling this week's team mayo like they could have done
instead of mayo and ketchup they could have done alfredo and marinara okay oh and i would still
i would still be team marinara so anyway so but i think we should overthrow with team peach emoji
and team uh eggplant emoji that's a good one pesto versus marinara that even better anyway
i was just gonna break it but but but but i also will go out and and say there are men with nice
racks sure but i'm just saying it's not exactly and there's men with great asses just saying
it's all about the hip groove that's it okay so reginator talking about sales um
obviously most of us within the vog community enjoy video games to one extent or another
be it on console handheld or pc can't stand them but obviously we all don't have the time and or
energy to play games nearly as much as we would probably like and for various reasons that being
said is there any gaming specific gaming related media that you all like and make use of to fill
the void and what specifically um my iphone gaming related media i guess podcasts just
will pop yeah that goes without saying i just have my iphone yeah iphone is awfully convenient
i catch the pokemans at my desk gaming in your pocket and twitter and all that uh social media
i think is huge it's it's good and it's bad you know obviously there's a lot of good that comes
from social media and there's a lot of garbage so it's just kind of one of those depending on what
color glasses you're wearing on twitter i found a youtube channel that i absolutely fall in love
with and it's relaxing nintendo music which has like our tracks of nothing but the most relaxing
tracks from different games i like that i like three hour youtubes of people dissecting a two
minute pokemon trailer that was something shane introduced me to i was like wow this is uh this
is something i just discovered and i'm like it's our it's basically our show i discovered a channel
i think it's called like totally not jake who does like this dragon ball power level thing
and just listening that someone had the time to break down all the episodes and the manga and
try to figure it out i'm like dude i'm completely listening to this fascinated wrapped even and i
don't know why it's like well then usually i'm playing xenoverse at the same time so it's like
it's like when you eat food and watch cartoon network not cartoon network food network why
they say cartoon network or when you're like for people of that persuasion doing it while watching
important sure so i kind of miss g4 tv in that sense i mean not the later years but the earlier
years i missed tech and all that stuff i kind of missed that when that was more in its heyday both
those channels because you know that would be like i'm gonna zone out watch food network or i'm gonna
you know zone out watch uh cartoon network is like oh i can zone out watch the video game channel but
now it's i suppose it's twitch is kind of that now so i mean twitch is a decent answer and if
when i say twitch i mean mixer i mean youtube and all of it in one big bucket but the video game
social streaming is is huge obviously twitch is a generic yeah i like kleenex like clean yeah
exactly uh loki really real quick gaming media i watched him i will even during work like as i'm
working stuff he watches the ready player one trailer over and over and over again no i already
did that today um so uh no i watch um well funny enough it's not really game really i watch a lot
of red letter media because they do funny reviews of movies and i like that um but like gaming
related stuff usually at home i'll watch a few different uh youtube channels so like ollie43
does a lot of grants without a mod videos and just like silly shit that's just like small um i'll
watch some of the replays of um awesome games on quick because those are pretty fun and then uh
helix snake because of his uh skate 3 glitch videos are just fucking hilarious and um you
occasionally i'll watch reviews from um oh what is it uh angry joe show although sometimes he
gets on my nerves um and then i've been listening i don't know uh jim sterling the jimquisition
you know i just like listening to a lot of i guess those are almost like podcasts well
especially uh jim sterling show and stuff is more like a podcast but
i don't know i like their like opinions on stuff and it's entertaining to listen to
i don't listen to a whole time podcast occasionally i'll listen to the
uh completely unnecessary podcast with pat the nes punk and he talks about like stuff
and retro games and things i like the one where he talks to his neighbor
yeah they do that sometimes by the way it's totally not mark is the channel
so i linked one of them in the chat so that people know who i was talking about
i'm just going to chat because i noticed people in chat are also talking about
non-gaming things they zone out to dr tsuya says i think my non-gaming thing is dead malls lol
a dude abandoned theme parks i've watched a few videos of those those are pretty fun um or for
me for me wow presents oh honey or the ben heck show i like the ben heck show a lot honey oh
honey honey honey honey contact anyway i will not jody foster this behavior i need to watch
contact so i get katya's references you haven't seen contact yet no i haven't okay i'm not gonna
suggest to you there's a joke like there's a youtube series i still need to see always
reference the other the other movie that was like that um it wasn't a nolan film or something like
that it just came out not too long it's interstellar oh yeah i did see that it was
interesting anyway oh yes reginator yes for me i enjoy reading books be it physical ebooks or
audiobooks based on games listen to game soundtracks and read the comics when i find them
or watch twitch or reruns of old school gaming based tv shows you know i did actually read a lot
of comics based on i i had the first series of street fighter comics that came out before udon
was a thing the the publisher so those were pretty cool anyway i'm gonna go back and read
really clear one again probably maybe good good all right that's it for our uh our mailbag tonight
participate at orange laundry.com if you would like to send us an email in the future for us to
read here so all right uh let's move on with some more gaming news loki so nintendo has filed a
trademark application in the eu for a graphical representation of nintendo controllers including
the nintendo 64 the previous time that they had done this was for the nes and the snes which
you may remember have now mini systems for them so the thought is hey they're gonna release a mini
n64 classic edition that you won't be able to buy maybe in 2018 or something to that effect
so that might be something to look forward to what can print money next
although how i mean not to be too shady but how many nintendo 64 games are going to be
worthy of a collection are they going to cut it down to 15 games because i'm not i i mean how
many games are worth revisiting i'm sorry it sounds so shady but there's probably not quite
as rich of a collection as nintendo maybe they'll put the was it animal woods or whatever the fuck
that animal crossing game was originally yeah don't worry forest or whatever don't don't worry
is a type of food all right eat though what you're saying that it can't be a force of it
so i was close i had like two of the four syllables i don't know maybe they could put like
um you know mario 64 star mark mario kart mario kart superman yeah it's all superman 64 60 30
versions of it or something um i'm sure there's games that they could find on it it'd be golden
eye okay come on noga says golden eye if they can get the rights for it because was it was
it a nintendo that's a rare game yeah oh that might be get complicated but okay well if the
rights work out yeah golden i would be that that's all they it doesn't even need anything besides
banjo kazooie then and then people will fucking buy it if donkey kong 64 don't count country 64
um i don't know there's lots of games all right and folks in chat rock this should be a list list
maybe what god that's like three listless ideas from tonight but yeah i mean so i mean i'm curious
to see what kind of hardware the super nintendo ones running on because the nes classic one could
play snes games genesis all that stuff and i want to say it did 64 games as well it wouldn't be
surprised it's the same hardware they just keep popping in the new shells pokemon puzzle league
hey you pikachu and um pokemon snap pokemon snap done but isn't hey pikachu need like a require a
microphone okay if nintendo can't fucking put a two dollar microphone into these things then
what's the point if i can't play hey you pikachu if nintendo can't put a voice app in their system
that has you know yeah why doesn't hey you pikachu just run through an app that they're
brilliant problem solved i think we need to go to a new story let's let's talk about a game that
came out recently that's uh really awesome actually since i now have i don't know i've
talked a lot about this on the show i finally bought a 4k monitor during the amazon prime
i don't have the video card yet that can quite pump out the 4k smooth visuals but i am getting
well i can do 4k video and i'm getting the 2k like i can play like that next level that's kind
of in between and so i've been playing doom a little bit with that and making myself barf
because that game moves so fast but it's awesome but i'm actually really happy to
hear that uh bethesda is going to be doing a doom 6.66 update which will unlock all the dlc
for free that's right all players are going to get all the dlc for free at least the multiplayer
uh dlc which i think is all there was uh it'll also change up the progression system big time
because this time uh used to unlock random stuff kind of like you do in overwatch now
specific items and customizations will go for different levels so you can check that out my
question to you guys into our chat room is how do you feel though about that whereas i'm happy that
this is going free because i never touched the dlc how do you guys feel about if you go and buy dlc
for a game and then six months a year later it's free for everybody do you feel burned a little bit
or a little bit i guess but whatever they've done it in other games i suppose has xbox gold
or playstation the their rewards program if they ever done like dlc as a reward i don't think no
but like i've seen discounts i guess i've seen them do that before though i it's not a new thing
it's a rare thing because you know usually those companies are like oh let's make some money we
still want money money money money right um so um i don't know it's uncommon well i want to go
revisit this game now especially with all the multiplayer stuff i didn't play multiplayer
enough i kind of want to try it again see if i get it looks like getting mad at like a game of
the year edition comes out for something that you know it's cheaper anyways it's like you've been
playing it for a while now right right whatever you can't be too bad in our shape i thought this
next thing was really cool dark sakura what do you have for us well um the uh nbc uh it's actually
for nbc left field uh has decided to talk about who owns the moon and they did a video using
minecraft to explain who owns the moon it's actually really good the the things up on the
twitter channel um uh at nbc left field and i thought it actually was pretty informative there
were things that i knew but also a few things that i didn't know and it was really something
that i think could be understood by all ages but uh definitely something worth a watch um
for anyone in our chat room i would be more than happy to link it to you so um but it was really
cute and you know the other thing is that it goes to show that um that minecraft can be an
educational tool as well not just you know digging holes for stress relief like i do
so i only use it for programming they've got whole classes based on minecraft for programming
you know well now they have the minecraft education edition i mean this yeah this is
what kids are playing in school now as opposed to oregon trail which a number munchers like we all
kind of grew up with so my son this week got into roblox that thing is like weird what's that
roblox is like this um knockoff it's not really a knockoff minecraft i mean it's similar graphically
to like a minecraft but it's basically imagine you know how they have like the different games
that people can make in minecraft like the little i don't know what you call them but the hunger
games mod yeah like some like mods but like imagine that that's all it is it's just these
mods that you go and play different rooms and they have different games that i mean they can
do the hunger games or whatever he did one that was called an ordinary elevator it had like a
bunch of weird shit and it like internet meme shit like he you know first time experiencing was it you
i'm a cat i'm a kitty cat and that's that sense and then says you know he's like and he thought
that was hilarious i'm like wow that's super old wait so your kids are just your kids are
discovering memes for the first time yeah he's discovering memes oh boy grow up so fast look out
then don't go to the dancing hamster site careful because roblox has also been uh notorious for
advertising via adware and for a number of numbers i'll just say be careful i'm sure he
has shit already has spam on it well like it yeah it has pop-ups if he's been exposed to dank memes
at such a young age it's already ruined it's already downhill from here but they have it at
the library you can play roblox at the library that's where he first played it oh wow so i mean
if it's good enough for the public library system oh i'm sure that i'm sure nobody ever downloads
garbage the public library all right uh a few more stories for you guys then we're gonna get to
your calls at orange launch radio on skype but first loki so the next big marathon for twitch
what could it possibly be another pbs show no we'll actually have something gaming related to it
yes they're gonna be doing starcade awesome yes so they're gonna be marathoning starcade
and it's gonna be awesome they say why just because we can they said that their page is
not gonna fucking load so is it because sometimes these events are for like charities like they did
the mr rogers thing because they were trying to like actually raise money for uh uh pbs i think
but uh did your period okay i got it um so they basically said this is a collaboration with the
blu-ray publisher shout factory who picked up the rights and i guess maybe it's to promote the
blu-rays that are gonna be coming out yeah um yes but yeah so they're gonna be running that's 130
episodes it's supposed to begin on august 22nd that's awesome and i guess it's gonna be broadcast
on shout factories twitch channel and i once again want to just throw my name in consideration
i know i'm a nobody zero on the internet but if starcade were to ever come back i would be the
best host ever of that show i'm just saying that would be my fucking dream so if anybody anybody
who is anybody is out there listening please consider rob roberts starcade 2017 because i
heard they were gonna bring try to bring this yeah that's what i heard too yeah so maybe this
is something to kind of gauge the interest for that i don't know so i'm sure i'm sure a lot of
people will be uh watching uh on twitch because i'm interested yeah me too i fucking love starcade
i grew up oh man i used that was the best part of g4 like in the afternoon you know i used to
come home for lunch watch an episode of starcade on g4 and eat whatever food ahead there you go
all right well uh hey if you can't watch the starcade marathon maybe this is something you
can listen to instead it's uh the adventures of bayou billy soundtrack that's right going back to
the 8-bit nes days the adventures of bayou billy was a konami game uh that was on the nes it was
actually it was actually kind of fucking terrible but it's still you know classic games are classic
games and some people still remember remember some things fondly even if they weren't necessarily
very good uh here's the crazy thing ship to shore photo company is hoping that fans of the original
game because you know it did have a it did have one of those cool konami soundtracks and a lot
of those 8-bit soundtracks uh from konami and back in the day were really cool the soundtrack
is going to be coming out on a vinyl album it will have the original nes famicom soundtrack
it's been remastered for vinyl it's going to have new cover art new linear notes and a special 11
by 17 poster um so that's cool for fans of uh bayou billy that's awesome even if i did not really
care for the game to which dark tetsuya and chat says shut your whore mouth it was fun part beat
him up part driving part shooting yeah but if you actually play it none of those parts are really any
good but okay if you liked it as a kid that's cool have a good time with it i'm i am happy for you
and you know what the music still was good because you know again those those old uh
80s konami games did have really rad music so i will give you that uh tiger claw pointing out
that by you billy was made to capitalize on the success of crocodile dun d oh yeah you can you
can definitely see that i never drew that comparison yeah really because that's a joke
okay i was like because it's kind of obvious but anyway you call that a soundtrack now that's a
soundtrack orange launch radio all one word on skype if you want me to stop doing impressions
and you want to call in to talk about anything that we have or haven't covered tonight uh orange
launch radio again all one word on skype i'm hoping there's some of you who aren't watching
game of thrones or whatever the hell else is on tv was there a twin peaks panel at san diego
comic con they were i think it was i want to know about what they'd say about twin peaks i mean i
guess there's not a lot else to say i don't really see them doing another series after this one is
done we're lucky to get this but i have been enjoying this remake i will say that even though
some of the episodes were batshit insane hey we are getting a call so actually we're getting a
couple let's get to it hot dang it how did that call not go through okay i tried to pick up a call
and it flopped out so if that was you try to call back again that's orange launch radio all one word
on skype i think my program choked because like a few of you like all hit the line at once it's
like xp no or is it win a seven or that's xp didn't they say something like five percent of
computers are still running xp and it's like oh yeah i'm not helping with that number am i
all right again orange lounge radio all one word on skype if you want to give us a call
uh while we wait loki any quick last minute stories you want to get out yes uh so there is
a game that was uh kickstarted called 90s arcade racer that is not coming to wii u anymore instead
it's going to nintendo switch as 90 super gp nice yep it looks awesome all right let's see if it'll
work this time hi you're on orange launch radio who's this hey there's that death it worked hi
act after what's on your mind buddy uh pokemon go ah yeah how was your weekend for pokemon go
uh it was uh kind of good i tried to uh catch uh arthacona today uh had really really bad luck
oh no you didn't catch him or you weren't able to get a group together or what
uh no we act i actually saw lots of people that i was kind of surprised about that and
we actually did uh of the three arthacunas i participated in the race today uh we can't uh
we could uh sorry we defeated two uh one of them we just couldn't because we weren't enough
uh but at the time of the capture well that's just pretty tough i'll just say that um you're
cutting in a little in and out so you might want to check your mic i don't know it's getting like
loud and soft and loud and soft but that's always the joy of live radio is trying to fix things as
we go um but yeah yeah i mean i found part of like capturing the legendary stuff um over this
weekend it's just you know kind of neat how like all the people are coming together um you know it
is it is tricky because you're not guaranteed to get that legendary in fact they are very hard to
catch um and that makes some people kind of salty but at the same time i'm not i mean they would be
legendary if they're total gimmies you know what i mean so you gotta work a little bit for it a
little bit i mean you know if you've done it like nine times and still aren't catching it then
that's a little much especially you know and you're paying for those raid passes but if it
takes you two or three tries then that's okay i think oh yeah definitely it's uh something that
that's it shouldn't be free at least and it's gonna be tough i hopefully i can still do uh
this raids or that they don't uh stop showing up because that's that's something that Niantic
didn't clear up since they only said oh we're going to do the double xp the the egg thing and
all that stuff until monday but they didn't clarify if that also applies to uh to these
raids but hopefully not yeah i don't know it would be so dumb of them to just end the legendary
thing especially when we know that moltres and zapatos they're gonna happen it's just a matter
of whenever niantic wants to push the button but the rules of their little challenge were never
really that clear and obviously they threw it all out the window ever anyway and i kind of think we
got the conclusion that was already foregone is that everything was going to get unlocked anyway
but they never really made that clear which was kind of another issue with that whole event
but um by the way your mic sounded much better whenever you did fix it um so i want to ask you
real quick though what you think of all the stuff i don't know if you were here at the very beginning
of the show when charles is here what you think of all that stuff that was going on in chicago
uh i only uh well first of all i changed mics because uh i'm testing a new one but sorry about
that uh i i only caught the last part of that uh because i was outside uh trying to catch an article
fair excuse but yeah um i i think and i kind of agree that niantic does need to step up because
yeah the game has been out for a year and i do think that they have done a lot to change the
game and to fix it and to make it uh enjoyable but they do need to to step up they need to
work on a lot of things uh uh like people that still have the the problems with pokemon the the
plus uh uh watch i i i have heard of mine that cannot use uh her pokemon go plus because it won't
connect at all and it's kind of weird and and again uh the uh some people uh there weren't many
but some people today with uh on the raids were having problems uh like trying to get in the game
trying to get uh getting the uh the game running all that stuff and not to mention the the people
that went to the fest that that was a complete failure on their part but i did uh at least i'm
kind of optimistic on this and i think that diantic can learn from from this experience
and speaking of uh if should niantic uh sell or or give up pokemon go to another company
uh i was looking up a phrase about this that says it's uh sorry sorry
it's better the devil you know than the angel you don't
i like that so so yeah you uh we uh niantic can get rid of pokemon go i they would make
tons of money without selling it but i don't know if i would prefer another company handled
and uh handling pokemon go uh since niantic and despite uh my probably dislike for ingress because
that game i really don't don't see the appeal of playing it right now
at least they know how the stuff works it's even if if niantic screws uh lots of things up i i
think they at least they know their their core and they can and they can improve it and i hope
they do yeah i i do you know despite my criticisms in the beginning of the show i am rooting for
niantic this was just this was just a face plant of pretty epic proportions that that really should
have been avoided and i get i think you're kind of right in a way is that um you know heaven forbid
ea buys niantic i mean you know obviously i'm making i'm making up these completely crazy
scenarios but i'm just saying you know i don't know if niantic necessarily lost money i mean
yes they had to refund and so basically they had to front all the money for the park and all that
but they're making money on people buying all these raid passes to do the new legendary raids
so i don't know if niantic necessarily lost money on this event but there was a huge blown
opportunity in that regard and uh you know somebody's got to answer for that one way or another
so anyway yeah yeah definitely they're making tons of money so i i don't think there was that was uh
like complete loss yeah but yeah all right well acta thank you so much for your perspective and
good luck uh catching the continued legendaries when they roll out uh zapados and uh multerase
and all that stuff it'll be fun thank you all right take care my friend all right uh zach
deft here on the show if you want to give us a call orange lounge radio all one word on skype
i don't know if we have any other last minute stories i want to get actually just slipped
through there was another call that was coming in i was going to grab but it just slipped through
uh do you have another story you want to mention lonky yeah they've got a new level i guess this
is a loss level from the crash bandicoot series that they're putting out is free dlc
until august 19th called stormy ascent cool let's get to another call hi you're on orange
lounge radio who's this what's up guys it's kai judo hey kai judo what's on your mind buddy
not much i'm just gonna make this quick because i'm on my tablet and the connection's kind of
funky but um i know you guys were talking about uh g4 earlier i kind of missed what the email
was about but um did you know that disney disney they have a network it's called a disney xd px
and i think yeah xd yeah that's what's called so they they switched that now over to what disney
b xp and i think it's uh i think it's for the entire weekend i think it's from like
from like friday to sunday they just do like a block a video game show from like nine and nine
at night to like three in the morning really somebody shows awful but um they have some good
ones in there no i want to see like is an ign show on there now or something i thought i read
yeah yeah that's about to come on in a like i think in another 30 minutes they got a four
ign episodes that are coming up i don't know what that show is i haven't watched it yet but um
the show that i did like that did impress me a little bit even though it's still for kids
and people with add there's a show called a polarized primetime and that's pretty good
like basically what that is is like um what's that show that the uh the woman does she's from
um she's from glee remember she did like a a game show where she's supposed to be in the living room
what do you call that show oh hollywood game night yeah it's almost like that you can kind
of say like they have like two celebrity guests then they have like the host and like they're
all supposed to be in their living room it's supposed to be like you're having a game party
or something you know like they have to guess it okay different games but um it's pretty fun and
interesting the only problem with it is since it's for kids it's really hard to keep up with
everything like everyone's yelling and screaming you know there's like these quick cuts and you
know you're like what the fuck it's like playing mario party in my house um that's i that sounds
neat i'll have to check that out i had no idea it was actually i did know of disney xd because
that's where the tron phineas and ferb well there's that too but the tron um what was the
tron not trom legacy tron something was the the anime yeah it was on disney xd but they aired it
like friday nights or something and i don't think i got the greatest ratings on there so that's why
they never did a second season but that's i was aware of tronic uh disney xd tron uprising thank
you that was it so but that's neat that they do like so so kind of like how cartoon network has
adult swim disney xd or whatever does a video game block late at night for the people who are up
that's interesting i like that the worst show on there uh to not get into names confusing with
a good show is called a polarized primetime the awful show is the polarized uh pick this player
or something like that where it's just like um it's just a bunch of youtube clips uh clips all
streamed together like what like they have like a box they have like a a little box with like
different youtubers in it and the box just jumps around randomly picks a youtube player and you
just watch like this nonsensical video that you can't even make heads or tails out of so it's
you're not the right age it's a tv show all about influencers sounds like a delight right yeah
yeah just terrible another great show um they uh they have like uh a fighting show i guess
it's going to be like their reality show and uh each week when some i think they're playing
street fighter each week when someone wins they become like the the king or something like that
they sit on the throne and then the next week they have they have to uh battle um the winner
out of the the next two people that play each other so they got they got a good thing going
with the network you need to check that out all right i like it i like it all right kaijuto
thanks for the tip i appreciate it i won't let you go though buddy all right all right take care
all right so i have to watch that disney disney xd late at night so they're doing a reality show
out of that the time they should do something um where you have to you'd have to play dance
central the time has come for you to dance for your life all right maybe not anyway that's
gonna do it for the skype line tonight uh we're gonna close it on up so we can wrap up the show
sorry to those who didn't get through but you can always send us an email participate at orange
lounge radio.com come on noah gust wants to know why can't they just reboot where in the world is
carmen san diego to which act f responds isn't netflix doing that are they are they really if
that's true did you hear they're doing um the worst witch no the tim curry thing they're
redoing it yeah um well the one with tim curry was the movie the show was a tv series oh right
but um what's your name that plays uh liana mormon in game of thrones you know the badass kid
is gonna be playing the worst witch they said who else was in it but i don't remember because
i just remembered her but tim curry singing you know everything happens on halloween we we saw
that as a pre-show for rocky horror once it was epic but i hate to say it but tim curry probably
isn't going to be doing a lot of singing well yes yes i know he's he's in bad shape but uh
yeah poor guy anyway uh we are gonna wrap up here at orange lounge radio and call it a week
but we'll see you in seven days hey this week dark soccer and i both will be at california
extreme we're but i'm only going to be there for a little bit on saturday i'm really only going for
like probably open to like five or six we're probably going to be there all day me and dan
but you're going to be there all day saturday you'll be there sunday too are you staying the
whole week no no um sunday um what was i doing sunday i actually think sunday i've got a charity
thing i'm doing so oh so if you happen to be there saturday please come over and say hi i'm
hoping maybe we can meet some classic game people get some interviews on the show because i'd really
love to talk to some of the game makers i'm hoping well i i kind of keep up a little bit on facebook
with steve richie and i'd like to really have a long talk with him about the process that goes
into uh building pinball tables yeah cool um maybe i can talk to him i'm sure he's gonna be
there so and i'd like to talk to the stern people too did you see the the new stern tables they have
a much bigger marquee on them not the marquee but the um the lcd screen what's their big new one
the well no they didn't do um but the the big table that's out right now is by the same people
that did um wizard of oz it's called dialed in oh and they have one at coin op right now oh um
it's along the same lines as that wizard of oz table you know the same company and it's bright
but they did um goodness i just watched it today ghostbusters had a table recently that was last
year's big release wasn't it um they did star trek oh another one okay they should do a table
for uhf it would be nice if weird al had his own table in general then we could have you know
the stuff from uhf and we could also have al tv sure and his his interviews i love it yeah
all right uh we're gonna wrap up here at orange launch radio we'll be back in seven days so like
i said dark soccer and i will go to that and uh have a lot to talk about there uh and uh yeah
we'll see you on sunday uh in the meantime we're gonna wrap things up again i want to thank uh mr
charles rock got a pod for being on the show tonight and you can check out pokemon go podcast
uh meanwhile it's time for us to wrap up if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange launch
radio please leave us a nice review on itunes or wherever you found this show five star review
goes an awful long way um also please tell a friend or two about the show uh don't ask you
for your money but we do ask for your word of mouth would be awesome because it is the show
where every gamer has a voice but only if the voices are here to use them sorry i'm laughing
i'd like money i'm laughing at it as a student 100 mad in chat says accordion multi-ball
you know what that would happen i could see that polka polka ball it would be called the
polka ball i love it i love it design the table by the way um i i was telling you earlier i'm
going to be putting this up on youtube but right now it's on my tumblr which is kurotsubasa.tumblr.com
like yeah spell it slowly k-u-r-o-u-t-s-u-b-a-s-a okay dot tumblr.com okay um i have video um we're
borrowing cactus canyon right now which was a limited release pinball table toward the end of
the williams you know pinball um and there's mods out for it that could make it uh into what's
called cactus canyon continued that has like special skill shots and different multi-ball
modes in it so we've got one in our garage right now that we're borrowing from a friend and i have
video up of cowboys versus aliens multi-ball which basically goes from this crazy old west
theme with you know western you know theme song type background music into freaking dubstep with
shooting it is exactly that it's a skrillex song it's a remix but it's the best thing ever because
it changes the whole feel of the table and it is the most fun to play so most extra it is very
extra but for just it's on my tumblr so to check it out you know it's it's really a lot of fun okay
cool cool all right uh i guess that's your final thought i was gonna go around and give everybody's
final thought but i guess that was it that is all right my final thought is double stardust yay i
need more of it because i've already spent all the stardust i got playing pokemon go today when
i almost died because i was stupid and played in the heat and i walked for like two miles get a
parasol i've seen a lot of pokemon go players actually do that you know what you know what you
know what you should get one shaped like a star so it can be a parasol star or get one with pikachu
ears on it i've seen that i know i get i get it bubble bobble parasol stars i get it okay all
right uh loki last but not least your final thought uh i will try to play some games this week
because i didn't play needle last week that's a good resolution to have here on this show
that's going to do it for another week here at orange lounge radio thank you guys so much for
listening we will see you next time in the meantime have fun playing some games online
and don't be rude you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge radio is a production
of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into fognetwork.com sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific
9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those
of the staff of orange lounge radio or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
so
