Tonight, August 5th, 2012, another MMO is set to go free-to-play.
Someone decides to take Zinga to court over an allegedly copied game.
And has the Wii U detailed launch lineup been revealed?
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio with this episode number 468 for August the 5th of 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you with my co-host over the next few hours
to talk about video games and gaming culture and all that good stuff.
Here they are.
Say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, or Jamie Summers.
Olga.
How's it going?
I'm kind of in pain.
You're in pain?
You're hurting?
I hurt.
A cafe mocha didn't make it better?
No, my soul is broken.
I'm sorry, why is your soul broken?
I got laid off.
Aww.
Sad face.
Actually, I'm really okay with it.
Yeah?
I mean, I'm kind of okay with it.
I mean, not really.
I mean, I want chocolate and more Pinkberry, please.
It's the economy.
No, it's Bank of America, but I'm not going to say anything else.
But maybe a silver lining to it all, at least I hope.
We're all pulling for you.
Something will come up.
We'll see.
If you listen to Bobby Black Wolf Show, let me just plug real quick.
Maybe I could work for Zynga and get sued.
Listen to us live at the Voice of Geeks Network and participate at live.vognetwork.com, where
we do tape Sunday nights at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby
Black Wolf Show.
And as we learned on Bobby Black Wolf tonight, you never know who might recruit you.
So tune into that.
You know what?
I don't think I could work for evil.
All right.
Moving on.
Say hello to evil tech master Loki.
I could if they pay well.
We slaughter kittens.
Okay.
Do I hear a hundred dollars for your soul?
A hundred, a hundred, two hundred.
How you doing, tech master Loki?
I mean, maybe virtual kittens, but it's not, not real.
Stop that's wrong.
What's up?
What's new?
Doing fine.
Yeah.
What was this project thingy?
You were showing me pictures of a project thingy you've been working on.
Oh, it was just brief.
I was trying to make something for Josh's birthday party because he had a Mario themed
birthday party.
But is this to match his Mario themed bedroom and so forth?
Well, it's just this year.
Cause last year was pork themed.
So we decided that I love that you threw a baby, a port themed wedding or wedding birthday.
One step at a time.
Okay.
Seriously.
Maybe later on down the line, I'd be down.
But no, he had a Mario birthday party.
All right.
That was fun.
So you made like a little paper mache coupe, or no, that was more like a paper, paper craft
Koopa.
It looked like origami or something.
And it's, it's pretty much full size.
It's over two feet tall.
But the thing is I didn't finish it because I neglected to look at the paper craft model
that closely.
And apparently the way they have things connect together are impossible in reality because
they just kind of phase through each other.
Yeah, that might work in like a computer game, but it's not going to work when you have to
glue stuff to other things.
It's like, okay, I have to cut a hole here, I guess, in order to get this to work.
I managed to get two of the pieces together before the show, like his leg in the shoe,
and that was a pain in the ass.
This is going to take a long time.
You're the one that wanted to start arts and crafts with your video game.
Hey, but it's pretty much done.
I mean, it's just-
No, the pictures look good.
Yeah.
It was good.
We should try to get those up at orangelaunchvideo.com.
But anyhow, let's also introduce, we have a special guest tonight.
I mean, it's a big night at the Voice of Geeks Network, and I'll explain why in just a little
bit, but a big night made bigger by the return of a favorite guest to OLR.
He hasn't been here in some time.
The last time I remember you being here was the marathon show, maybe one show after that,
but you definitely haven't been here since the vlog switchover and all that.
Say hello to Arkadian42 is back.
Whose favorite?
It's been a while, yeah.
Probably some of them last year.
Yeah, so welcome back.
Maybe it was earlier this year, actually.
Maybe.
But it was in the old-
Yeah, it was in the old place.
Yeah.
So welcome to the smaller, condensed studio.
That's at Casa de Rob and Alan.
So actually fit a little bit better here with the open environment rather than a little
room.
That's true.
And you know what?
Sometimes it works pretty good.
Like last week when we had the whole PlayStation Home thing going on, you know, it was going
on on the TV over there.
So it's like, you know, we got, we got a nice open space and once in a while a cat might
come through and try to lick your feet.
So we'll see.
Not likely.
Yes.
Now, Marco might walk by, stick his tail in the air and then run off.
Not bloody likely.
So if folks haven't heard you on the show before, let's try to tell the listeners a
little bit about, like, what you're all about.
You're a huge, like, Sega fan.
I remember that about you, right?
Something like that.
I have a lot, you played a lot of Sega games when I was growing up.
So I had, like, a Genesis and Saturn, basically I bought a bunch of, I have a bunch of Japanese
Saturn games, though.
I haven't played loads of them, just because I've never gotten really great Japanese knowledge.
So a lot of them are kind of hard to play when you don't have a full, uh, you're not
fully, uh, fluent in it.
You just want to have the games.
No, no.
I sympathize with this because me trying to play through Grandia was hilarious.
Yeah.
And I kind of played up to where the translation ran out when I was playing it sometime like
in into college and then didn't ever got past that.
I got back to it anyway.
I know you also do a lot of traveling, like following you on Facebook and everything you
love to go on the, or at least it seems like reading your Facebook, you love to go on these
like kind of like just adventures.
Like I'm going to get in the car and drive to, um, a Yellowstone.
See you later.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Pretty much a big road.
I've done a big road trip the last two or three years and then I haven't done too many
small road trips.
I've been going to Yosemite a bunch for hiking.
You climbed Half Dome this year, right?
Yep.
Congrats.
Four years ago.
And you didn't get killed, which is a thing that unfortunately has a bit of a reputation
for these days.
But you know, you only get killed if you're stupid, allegedly, allegedly they should change
it to half Darwin allegedly.
Yeah.
Cause like, oh, I think there's only been like one person who's died on a, on a dry
day.
They might've had a little bit to drink.
Yeah.
But every other times, most every other time was when it was stormy or wet or there was
a thunderstorm or something around.
I knew someone got close.
Like like two months ago, we almost fell off the side.
I know you like to kind of sometimes go to expos and conventions and things too, because
you're kind of like the norm of these things.
Like, you know, remember Cheers and it's kind of like, you know, I'll be at California extreme
and then all of a sudden, oh, Bradley's through the door.
Bradley is here.
Did you go to California extreme this year?
Yes.
I just knew you did.
And I was, I was so, I was irritated.
I couldn't go.
I mean, granted, you know, I have to pick my priorities.
Do I want to do screening movie thingies or do I want to do a California stream?
And I went into Dan midnight movie.
Yes.
I ran him to once.
Yeah.
Like I saw, I was playing like a kung fu master and he was stopped by and said, hi.
So how was it since we couldn't review it, none of us went, how was the California stream
this year?
That was pretty good.
Uh, pretty much, uh, similar, similar to his usual lot, bunch of games here and there and
everywhere.
A bunch and can't remember if there's anything super special there that there was a bunch
of new pinballs, but I didn't get to play them.
Nice.
I don't have a new, but at least newer ones.
Did they have the Tron pinball?
I have yet to play that still.
Dan's friend owns one.
Oh, I'm going to visit Dan's friend.
The special editions.
Can't remember if I saw one or not.
It might've been there.
I just didn't, I didn't, I didn't get a chance to play it.
Now if you're not around the Bay area, I know we've talked about this on the show before,
but let's say you haven't heard it before.
California extreme is like this convention, I guess for lack of a better term, they call
it a convention that they do at San Jose convention center.
I think it was.
And basically it's just, they know it was at a hotel last time I went, I don't know.
It probably varies from year to year.
I think they've had the, like the Hyatt down there for, but it's just, yeah, it's just
all these arcade owners, private owners, mostly that own old arcade games and they just convene
on a convention center or a hotel ballroom.
And it's just all these games you pay 40, 50 bucks and it's just free to play the whole
weekend.
All these old games.
And it's really an emphasis on classic games.
And I've got to play so much stuff that you just don't get to play anywhere anymore.
Like I played journey last, the last time I was there and you know, some pinball games
once in a while they have a couple new things here and there, but it's mostly about classic,
but I've got to say, um, Neil, a friend of mine, he sent me a video from California extreme,
I guess like, I don't know what it was.
It was one of those like animatronic bands.
He sent me a very scary video of the animatronic band singing total eclipse of the heart or
something.
I was like, what is this?
Yeah.
I went by there just like once.
I kind of just passed by and went solid for like 10 seconds and went on to something else.
Nice.
Awesome is what it is.
Well you know, and I'll get into this in a little bit.
Maybe if Loki had gone to California extreme, he might've found a robotron 2084 machine.
Yeah, they did have one of those there to figure out who owned that, but we'll come
back to that in a little bit and Bradley, I'll talk to you a little more about what
you've been playing recently.
A little later in the show.
Uh, of course you guys are here too.
The always present fourth guest on our show, or I guess fifth tonight because we do have
Arcadia 42 here tonight.
Uh, join us live, participate with the show live at VOG network, the voice EECS network
live dot vog network.com is where you can join our chat room and occasionally we read
comments from our chat room and uh, yeah, DDR dollar bill is like, why it's robotron.
It's robo or robo Tran, no robotron, robo, they do have it on xbox live arcade and robo.
It was one of the first xbox live arcade.
I haven't.
Yeah.
Robo Tran was a rejected 2d x character, just saying little inside joke there for the music
game fans.
All right.
We'd like to do a kickoff topic here on the show.
Every week we, um, you know, kind of start off the show with what's a big thing going
on in the world and I got to tell you, everybody's got Olympic fever this week.
It's all about the Olympics and it gives me an excuse to play this song.
Did you really London 2012 was it 92 theme play that too.
The Olympic event on a 12 hour tape delay live from London.
Just change the am to PM anyhow.
I don't actually really want to talk about like the Olympics itself, but I want to talk
about, cause you know, you can probably go to any other website on the internet and read
something about Michael Phelps.
But what I really want to talk about is I want to talk about a story that's circulating
the internet and I'm talking, when I'm talking circulating the internet, I don't mean just
like on the video game blogs.
I mean, this is on cnn.com and their tech section right now.
So on CNN, they're running a story right now.
Should pro gamers be considered athletes?
And I think that's a good question.
I want to ask you guys tonight.
Oh, you're just, you're starting off with a bang.
No, why not?
Why should pro gamers not be considered athletes?
Because it's a video game.
It doesn't really require any physical prowess to be good at it.
Maybe some good hand eye coordination, but the Olympics are traditionally a test of physical
skill.
Like maybe DDR, I don't know, but it has, it should be something purely physical.
Well, let me, let me read some of the quotes from this article before I get too much more
feedback.
I'll put it back in our chat room as well, live.vognetwork.com and the article talks
about Starcraft 2 and one of the big players in South Korea, Marine King.
And he got kind of a bit of a reputation because he practiced 20 hours a day sometimes.
And that got him called a gaming addict.
But according to, and CNN basically compiled some comments and according to one commenter
on the CNN website, one person said, would you claim that Phelps is addicted to swimming?
So why did they want to say this guy was addicted to gaming because he trained 20 hours a week.
Would you say that Michael Phelps is addicted to swimming?
No, he's addicted to pot.
Anyone who can smoke weed and then win 21 gold medals.
You know what?
You win.
You know what?
Didn't slow him down.
I'm not saying that's bad.
It didn't slow him down any.
Not that I personally endorse it, but I'm just, it is, it is kind of funny.
It does set that whole argument back a little bit, doesn't it?
Some folks say, Marine King represents dedication, skill, perseverance.
He's one of the best in the world.
The skill required to be a pro gamer.
The original article that the folks had commented on, it didn't distinguish the difference between
game addiction and professional gaming or even gaming as a hobby.
I do not believe the article shows the amount of skill needed to be one of the best in the
world or how truly big professional gaming has become.
On physicality being an important part of athletics, again, these comments from CNN.com.
I wouldn't call them athletes.
The one common denominator with all Olympians is the physicality involved.
Even the word athlete refers to physical activity.
I have no issues with video gaming, but the Olympics just seems to be the wrong venue.
Exactly.
You know what venue that the Olympics needs?
Fuck this video game playing.
It's all about fucking laser tag.
Laser tag.
That is physical.
That is awesome.
That is what we need.
But then they could just do paintball.
I'd be fine with paintball.
I'd settle for paintball.
As long as they have to be active.
You know, I want like some crazy Hunger Games-ish thing, you know, where if they don't move,
then they explode.
Now that I'm not working, I think I should be a professional paintballer.
What about that for a career change, Rob?
You know what?
Now's the time to try new things.
Find what you really love.
I sure do love shooting people.
You could design guns.
You like design and you like guns.
You should design guns.
I'm gonna design a new gun.
Alright.
Uh, Loki, your thoughts.
Should this be, should video games, Starcraft 2 be an Olympic sport?
No.
Why not?
Because they don't do anything.
I mean, not saying they don't physically do anything.
Moving a mouse is not exercise or is not, you know, athletic in any way.
So no.
I'm sorry.
That does not belong.
Somebody in chat just said a comment.
Cyber Olympics or something like that.
You know, if we're gonna create something that, you know, sort of way, then yeah, sure,
why not.
Somebody in chat just said a comment.
I agree with 100%.
Um, Bradley, I'll check in with you.
You know, what, what do you think?
Do video games deserve to be in the Olympics or no?
No.
It's, yeah, it's not only athletic or anything, though.
They could do, like, a spectator, it's not a spectator, but a, what do you call that?
Uh.
Exhibition.
Exhibition sort of thing.
Because they did something like that.
I can do exhibitions.
Yeah.
Not that type of exhibition.
They did, like, I know they were talking about the last time that London had an Olympics,
they had, like, an Olympic poetry competition.
Olympic poetry?
Wait a minute.
This is dumb.
Yeah.
Is pole dancing an Olympic sport?
Because that's physical.
Wait.
You're Loki?
What, Loki?
I'm fine.
I'm liking this.
Okay.
You know what used to be an Olympic sport?
Solo synchronized swimming.
Hold on, hold on.
Let me change the, I want to change the question for a minute here.
Oh, one more thing?
What?
Tug of War used to be an Olympic sport.
Okay.
So you all say, no, video games should not be an Olympic sport, and I actually agree.
Video games should not be an Olympic sport, and I'll come back to why in a minute, but
I'm gonna change the question now, because I think that's gonna change some of your answers.
Should pole dancing be an Olympic sport?
Dark Sakura?
No.
Why not?
Because strippers.
Loki, should pole dancing be an Olympic sport?
Absolutely, and you know why?
Because it's not necessarily for strippers, yes.
I understand that that is what they do, but I mean, it's basically like the gymnastics
routines and stuff that they do, but just on a pole.
I mean-
Well, included in gymnastics.
But it does require, you know, physical strength, and you know, there's a bit of like-
The ability to spread your legs.
No.
As someone who took a pole dancing class, it is not just about spreading your legs,
all right?
Well, I think it should be included under gymnastics.
I agree.
It should be under there.
I mean, because if you can have this stupid gymnastics event where you're prancing around
with giant ribbons, then I should be able to, you know, they should have somebody that's,
you know, prancing around on a pole.
Yeah, if, look, there's like a ball dance or something where the chicks come out and
play with balls.
Ribbons.
Balls and ribbons.
No, they have one as a sport.
That's a sport.
Yeah.
Yeah, there's like gymnastics-
It's like a rhythm ball, I think is what it is.
Yeah.
It's like Zumba.
Bradley?
Pole dancing?
Yes or no in the Olympics?
No, I wonder how they're going to go judging on that.
Oh, let's see, the lady from Russia had the most erect nipples.
Another one, I mean, to get it out of the gutter here a little bit, free running would
be kind of cool.
A lot of the X Games stuff, you know, you put a motorcycle in there and you can't really
go wrong.
You know, if we just combine the Olympics and the X Games together, maybe that would
be kind of like a gymnastics event for the, you know, the X Games would be like strippers.
Yeah, the problem is pole dancing has that stigma attached to it and it's not classy
enough for the Olympics.
That's why it would not, you know.
I'm sure pole dancing can be done very classily, classily, classic.
What's a good word?
It can be done with class.
Not trashy.
With class.
With class.
I vet class.
I'm not a stripper.
I'm a dancer.
All right.
Tiger clothes?
If you're dancing at Cheetah, that is not.
Tigerclaw in the chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, would love to see games like Super Street
Fighter IV or Ultimate Marvel versus Capcom at the Olympics.
Those fighting games are super competitive.
So some, some disagree with what we're saying.
Now here, here's what I agree with.
This is the one, this is, this was the statement I agree with 110%, which is why the video
games aren't going to be in the Olympics.
Fifth dream.
If video games would be in the Olympics, then so should chess, checkers, and card games.
Video games will not be at the Olympics for the same reason chess is not in the Olympics.
And for all practical purposes, chess is like the closest thing you're ever going to get.
Right?
But the problem is chess isn't physical.
Well, you can do chess.
I play it.
Bitch table.
I used to be on the chess team, flipping a mote icon.
Chess boxing.
They do it.
That actually is something that people actually do.
Is that like beatboxing?
Well, it's something they like to play some chess and then they box and then go back and
do some more chess.
It's like the biathlon for, I don't even know what that would be.
Chess and boxing.
Sophisticated and not sophisticated gaming.
I don't know.
Uh, black Wolf says full contact chess.
Act Def says extreme chess.
I'm going to take that time clock and shove it up your ass.
What about, what about, um, there was an old Saturday night live sketch from like the seventies
with the guy coaching the chess team and it was all Ponderock for Ponderock for, no, really
funny.
What about like, uh, I don't know, um, some sort of like CG or something like that.
You know, let's just start taking stuff from like American gladiators or something, you
know, where we have like, you know, a lot of, you know, they have, you know, fucking
siren and zap and you know, nitro.
Those were my Olympians back in the day.
Okay.
Those, that here we go.
It was the shit.
Here we go.
The Olympics I think should stay to mostly traditional sports.
Curling should not be an Olympic sport.
Sorry.
However, get out.
Curling is like the only thing I'll watch.
It's like professional cleaning as an Olympic sport.
My mother would love curling.
It is exactly what she does.
The puck travels down and you follow in front of it with a broom.
It's like air hockey on the large scale.
Why don't we have Olympic air hockey?
Curling was that I would vote for Olympic air hockey.
Okay.
No, but anyway, my point is keep, keep the Olympics to the traditional definition of
a sport.
If I can leave it at that.
I mean, I'm sure we don't have, is cricket an Olympic sport?
No, I don't think so.
You have to have a certain amount of countries that would send a team.
And I think it's why American football is not a sport.
Thank God anyway.
But I think that, you know, going back to stuff like the X games and all the alternative
sport things, I think they need to stay in their own kind of venue for the people who
are more willing to watch that sort of, of activity and make pole dancing part of the
gymnastics section.
What about wire skiing?
Don't they have like water skiing or something like that?
Cause I don't think so.
I mean, I don't know what you could do with it.
You have like rowing, there are events on the water.
There used to be, I think water ski jumps back in.
Are you saying water sports is an Olympic competition?
I think back in the day, but like I said, tug of war used to be an Olympic sport.
Solo synchronized swimming, Rob.
Solo synchronized swimming was an Olympic sport.
You're going to synchronize to, I guess.
I guess it's synchronizing to the music, but you know, I agree with Ron, but anything goes
rhythm gymnastics.
Now look, I will move on from this topic cause clearly we believe it or not.
We all in studio, we all chat may feel a little different, but in studio, we all agree.
He totally man.
If somebody, if I could be a rich eccentric person, I would like make up some sort of
event.
It's like the Olympics, but not quite, it'd be like kind of a carnival Olympics type thing.
Um, so you know, you have all the diving competitions, but they wouldn't dive.
They dive into a ball bin, you know, like a giant ball.
You just want to put on the pomp and circumstance gown and get up there in front of everybody.
May the odds be ever in your favor.
Not even, you know, you want to be the queen of England of these games.
Fuck that.
I want to be the guy.
She has diarrhea the whole time.
It's a goddamn chairman of the iron chef in Japan.
Fuck this American.
Someone needs to give old Liz a suppository, but actually, you know what else?
Her heart for that James Bond thing.
I know, right?
You know what else used to be a sport?
What distance diving as in who could dive the longest distance before having to come
up for Eric's.
I like Stan and chat a hundred meters streaking here, somebody in London participated in all
right.
Takashi's castle, American or a Ninja warrior.
There's those are two perfectly acceptable events in my, my guess.
We got to move on from this topic and actually get to video games, but I do want to say I
love the comment and I'm sorry, I forgot who said it cause it scrolled on by long ago.
What about a separate competition for video games?
Where is the true video game Olympics?
Could we ever see a video game Olympics in our day or I mean, is it kind of already here
with e-sports?
They have the MLG garbage views and opinions expressed on this program do not necessarily
reflect those.
Well, I just don't like, I don't like the whole MLG as like a, I don't know.
It's a little weird.
I I'm, I'm cool with MLG.
I don't have a beef with them, but they like, I want something with the pomp and circumstance
of the Olympics.
I do want Queen Elizabeth out there going, you know, you know, scowling at everything
and judging other countries.
I want that.
I've decided that this country is the best.
Fuck all of you.
Fuck off.
Fuck off.
Like even if she won't show up, get, get, um, um, who are the two that just got married?
I'm such an ignorant American right now.
What Kate and Kate and William get Kate and William out there if nothing else, you know,
cause video games are a younger generation.
You know what?
How I always remember them because the little boy in witches, his mice were Kate and William.
You have issues.
Or were they William and Mary?
I think they were Kate and, anyway.
What about disc wars?
Why don't we have disc wars?
Disc golf should be an official sport.
You smoke a lot of pot and then try to hit the bowl.
Tiger Claw in our chat room says they have the world cyber games.
Okay.
I have to, I have to quote act deaf here because I have to do the voice from the queen.
Bunch of wankers.
All right, look, look.
We got to move on.
I haven't even done like announcements.
We have a huge show coming up after orange.
I should do the whole show in a rotten accent.
No, you shouldn't.
Somewhere peeker Uno and queen voice somewhere peeker Uno and sill and other British listeners
of this program are like crying at our accents because I sound like what's his face from
Monty Python when I do it.
Every time you talk in a British accent, God throws a crumpet at a kid.
It feels my cat.
She wouldn't move.
All right.
She'd be like, what the hell?
Moving on.
Um, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the video games we've been playing this week.
Dark soccer says that I should.
We'll start with you.
Dark soccer.
What do you been playing this week?
I've been playing lots of mass effect.
No, I'm not going to do it.
I played a crap set of mass effect and then, um, and being laid off, I had, um, pity day
where I did nothing but look at Garris fan art, read bad fan fiction, read some good
fan fiction, played more mass effect, and we did a raid and wow, we actually raided.
It happened.
And then I had to go to bed early because of work that I don't have any more dammit.
I could have finished the raid.
That's the thing that sucks most in retrospect.
I could have finished that damn raid.
I could have stayed for the whole damn thing, but no, um, and uh, Dan and I decided to watch
some game play throughs on some stuff.
I mean, he's, we've got the CDX hooked up.
I'm so tempted to, um, play through, uh, crap, what the fuck game is that?
Um, put in Robo a lust and play through that again.
Cause it's one of my favorite shooters.
It's awesome game.
We did watch several play throughs of full motion video games.
We watched, um, dragon's lair and, um, space ace all the way through.
I haven't watched space ace in a very long time.
I should check that out.
Space ace is a good game.
Um, and then we were also watching a, did you know about, um, uh, star Fox today.
And there's actually, if you use a game genie code, um, for the Nintendo 64, uh, ocarina
of time, you can pull in an arwing as a, an enemy that you can target.
And basically whatever that big red snake was in the game was, um, its movement patterns
were based off of the arwing, huh?
So that's why they had the arwing in there as an animation placeholder for when they
finished the full model.
So you can actually shoot an arwing, just saying kind of cool.
Anything else for your gaming week?
Um, pizza.
All right, let's go to, let's go to Bradley.
We'll let our guests go next.
Bradley, what kind of stuff you've been playing in the past week or so?
The main thing I've been playing is Assassin's Creed that has been sitting up on my shelf
for a long time, said, no, I was going to play that.
And that's one of, one of two series I get the most emails about why aren't you playing
this series?
And the other is Borderlands, which I finally did start playing.
So that's, I got to get into that at some point.
Some people kind of get bored with it just cause at least the first one is cause there's
a lot of things you have to do over, do a lot of several times.
Like if the climb all these towers and T to the top and then there's got a lot of things
that sounded repetitive, but I was, I'm fine with that.
And cause a lot of the big stuff and the acting is pretty good and, and, and actually getting
up above the city and, and looking down, it's kind of fun.
Like your Batman?
Kind of.
Yeah.
And it's kind of fun just to murder guards left and right.
Just to, you're supposed to be sneaking around, but just kind of let them come at you cause
they're mostly easy to beat and then just have a whole fields of places just of the
dead guards sitting there and actually made one place easier because you're supposed to
beat up this guy who's who's like speaking to the people, trying to get them to do something.
And usually there's like a bunch of people there and you have to wait for him to get
to a secluded area.
But I killed all the guards that were there and then just then just once you activate
that thing, you just beat him up right where he started.
So it makes it make that little thing a little bit easier to do.
Now are you playing these games to kind of set up for the third one that's coming out
that's getting a lot of hype?
And I'm not really worried about that at the moment just cause I don't have loads of time
to play.
I might probably get to two sometime, but just something I wanted to clear from my backlog
cause I have hundreds of games on the backlog.
Another game played was Tetris Axis, which is more Tetris and that's various different
Tetris modes.
Just the bad thing about it is that they don't let you use the circle pad to control.
Also played Mole Mania, just the first level of that.
It's a classic sort of game, game that's on the 3DS and cause it's a classic hard puzzle
game sort of thing.
I just played the first part of that.
And then also the other game I got to play was Rhythm Thief, which is a pretty good game.
So far I've gone through the first two chapters and all the rhythm games so far have been
distinct.
Yeah, I was going to say, I played the demo of that on 3DS and I thought it was cool,
like, everything seemed to be kind of different.
I like that.
Yeah.
It's very, it kind of was a throwback a little bit to me, like, to Space Channel 5.
But like, yeah, I mean, kind of like that zaniness off the wall uniqueness, but kind
of like a different play style, which was cool.
Yeah, it was pretty cool.
And yeah, it's been good so far.
And the one silly thing about it is that the dog that follows them around is called Fondue.
And they have all these opportunities to make cheese jokes, and they do.
Oh, lord.
That's cool.
That's definitely an old school Sega title right there, I think.
Yeah.
And that's about everything.
And also I've played a little bit of Spelunky.
I've been playing that the last few weeks and still haven't beaten the game and I've
died about 800 times.
And it's one of those games that you get, I get really frustrated at, at certain times,
just dying left and right, saying, oh, fuck you, fuck you.
I heard the soundtrack's really good to that because I saw something about the soundtrack
is out.
It's a pay what you want thing, but as long as you pay at least $7.
Yeah, it's pretty good.
I think I've heard that the XBLA version is different from the original, like the PC version.
So I think people might like the PC version.
That might be from the PC version.
And I think people like the PC version better, but I haven't heard the PC, I haven't tried
that one yet though on the PC.
All right.
Uh, well, if that's it, um, before I go to Loki, cause Loki I know has a big week we
got to get into.
I'm going to go next cause mine's actually really quick.
Um, as far as new games go, there's really only one new game I got, I got to try this
week.
Played a lot of the same old stuff.
You know, I played a world of Warcraft, played some aspect multiplayer and all that good
stuff.
One new game I tried over the weekend because it's having a free weekend is a new MMO called
the secret world.
Um, it's kind of, it's an MMO obviously, and it's set a little more in the modern day world.
It's more of a modern day MMO with kind of, you know, the whole like zombie element to
it.
And you know, kind of a cyberpunk kind of a twist on it.
Um, so it's kind of cool.
It's one of the first MMOs I've played in a very long time where I didn't sit there
going, Oh, this is a lot like, wow.
Or, Oh, I'm looking for the wow influence or, Oh, I see that they took this from wow.
And keep in mind, I, I'm usually kind of have that eye because I have been playing world
of Warcraft for so long and you don't have the podcast and everything.
That's how I approach a lot of games or MMOs, but I'm secret world really didn't remind
me of wow at all.
The combat was really fast paced, which, you know, another friend of mine was playing it
and it kind of irritated him, but I kind of liked the combat.
I also liked that these, there was no leveling yet.
There was this skill wheel that kind of took the place and you could combine your skills
in very interesting ways.
Like the chick I was playing could use magic, like elemental magic, but she also wielded
a sword because she's kind of like, you know, Beatrix kiddo from kill bill, except with
magic and a sword.
That's kind of how I imagined her.
So I mean, that was kind of like fun to play and, and the different environment is a lead
leads way to a different set of quests and all that and a different type of story.
And yeah, I got to say, I was feeling it, but I'm going to tell you what I'm not feeling
with the price because if I want to play beyond this weekend, I'm going to have to pay $50
for the game.
I'm going to have to pay $14.99 a month, you know, that's now granted that standard for
a lot of MMOs.
Sword tour was the same when it first came out.
But what I don't like is that they're selling on top of that, all these like ammo packs
and you know, things to get like, no joke.
I saw something on the website that was, I want to say it was like $129 worth of in game
items and stuff.
And I'm just like, hold on you guys for such a new thing, you guys are nickel and diamond
way too much.
So I get to do the free to play and the subscription thing, which I understand.
Yes.
World of Warcraft sells those mounts and those pets.
I've never bought one that wasn't for charity, but those things also don't give you an edge
in the game.
And I was a little put off by that.
And honestly, I think it's, it's happening to every other MMOs we're going to get into
later this week.
I think it's just a matter of time before secret world goes free to play or gets a price
reduction.
So you know what?
I'm just going to wait till then.
I did enjoy what I played of it, but if it's going to go the way of every other MMO, sorry.
I know that that might give me some stink eye from developers and things like that,
but I just, I don't, I didn't love it enough to just jump on board and support it.
That's that's where I was with it.
And SGA 100 Mountain chat says, yeah, but Rob does, doesn't, didn't Blizzard sell useless
mounts.
Correct.
They do.
And I don't like it.
I got to admit, I don't like that they do that.
I think it's an, I don't buy those mounts.
I think 25 bucks or whatever they charge for a mount.
I think it's ridiculous.
However, once in a while Blizzard will put out a $10 pet where it all goes to charity
or something like that.
I'm okay with that.
That's a lot different.
So those I have bought, but I've never bought a mount for the 25 or whatever.
I just think that's a little silly.
And I also think they charge way too much for the server transfers and wow has other
pricing issues too.
The cost to enter the game right now between buying the Battle Chest, Wrath of the Lich
King, Cataclysm, and soon Pandaria, it's, it's, it's ridiculous.
And that's why wow is losing subscribers, but I'll get into that a little later in the
show.
For now.
That's it for my gaming week.
Loki, Loki, Loki, Loki.
All right.
So I read Twitter and I listened to this show.
So I know you took the day off work on Wednesday, right?
Yes.
So you could stay up Tuesday night because the third gate was opening in that ready player
one competition that you've been talking about for weeks and weeks and weeks.
Yeah.
So take us back to Tuesday night and that evening, walk us through your evening, the
anticipation and the, uh, what happened next.
So I was sitting on my computer, you know, waiting, counting down the minutes and stuff
like that for the ready player one contest, the next gate to open.
Cause it was the next video game challenge and you know, a bunch of people that were
kind of in the competition, we're all just, you know, waiting for it to open and, um,
so finally keep refreshing it.
It's like a couple minutes before, uh, nine o'clock Pacific, which, you know, is a midnight
East coast and it actually opened the couple minutes early.
So immediately I was greeted with, you know, the next page and they're talking about how,
you know, how, you know, the third gate contest.
And basically, you know, here it was so ready player one Easter egg hunt, the third gate
to complete the third challenge in the RP one Easter egg contest, you must, and this
is where I was like, what you must set a new world record high score on one of the following
classic video games, robotron 2084 joust black tiger and tempest.
Now since then they've added joust on the Atari 2,600 and Pac-Man, but all the rest
are arcade versions.
So basically nobody was going to, it was, it was a waste of time to, you know, even
bother staying up because obviously it's not something that you're going to be able to
do right away.
Um, it says, uh, of course the record setting, the record setting game must be played on
the original game hardware, meaning that you have to play an original coin operated arcade
game, or in the case of joust, which this is all added later because he's literally
tweaked the rules for this contest about 12 times before, since I'm reading it now, um,
you must follow, anyways, uh, no emulators are allowed.
You can practice on any of these games with an emulator, but when you set the world record
it must be done on the original game hardware.
And then of course it goes into a little bit of detail what you need to do.
Basically this is tied in with twin galaxies, you have to follow their submission rules
and stuff, and I haven't really played around with twin galaxies that much because I kind
of roll my eyes every time I hear about twin galaxies, but, um, their submissions are ridiculous.
Basically you have to, so here's the challenge.
Number one, pick a game that you're going to somehow get the world record to.
Well actually even before that, find an arcade.
Number two, find an arcade that has classic games, because classic games don't bring
in money to arcades anymore so they don't have them anymore.
Number three, find an arcade with a classic game that happens to be nearby because, you
know, there's not a lot of them, that's also willing to allow you to stay there for long
hours and open up their arcade machine and film the inside of the arcade machine as well
as you playing the game without any sort of interruptions from little kids or something,
you know, jumping in the way, knocking over your camera equipment, all that other stuff.
And that's even before you're able to even beat the high score, because this is not like
a high score on an arcade machine, this is breaking a world record, you know, we're talking
about like the King of Kong stuff, Chasing Ghosts, I mean they make documentaries about
this about people that have these games in the garage and they play them for hours and
hours and hours a day.
Loki if you want, I know a film crew.
I mean, it's just, here's my disappointment, I understand that, you know, he's basically
saying okay, well this is the type of competition stuff that was in Ready Player One, the boat,
okay, let's back up for a second.
Okay, the first gate was an Atari 2600 game, an original Atari 2600 game they made specifically
for this gate.
That was cool, because it tied in with the game and it was challenging but it wasn't
like, oh my god this is impossible to beat.
Number two, and granted these are all supposed to be increasing in challenge each time, number
two was not a challenge at all, it was a Facebook game.
The only challenge was my patience in playing a Facebook game that was basically pay-to-win.
I want to point something out though, between that first and second gate, that first gate
you have the classic, you have the old, you have the history of video games right there.
I mean, granted it's not like Space War or something like that, but for all practical
purposes the Atari 2600 is about as far back as most of our gaming memories go.
And then for the second gate you had the most modern thing, I mean love it or hate it, Facebook
is gaming right now for a lot of people.
The only reason that it was tied in with it because it was Richard Garriott, the guy
that was behind Ultima, a pretty classic series.
Granted I would have thought the Ultima MMO that they're beta testing or something like
that would have been a better fit for this, but you know, whatever, Facebook game where
you collect vintage stuff, fine.
But it was annoying.
Okay.
It wasn't difficult though.
There was absolutely no skill involved in it at all other than click click click, alright
crap I ran out of energy, gotta wait for more energy.
Click click click, oh crap, oh I don't want to wait anymore I'm gonna pay for more energy.
I mean that's really the only skill that was involved there.
To, oh hey by the way you gotta set a fucking world record, I mean that's a little like
woof, like what the hell kind of a difficulty curve is that?
I mean that's a little ridiculous.
Now let, to be fair you know like I said this sort of kind of ties in with you know the
book and you know how well you know the main character in the book he played a perfect
game of Pac-Man and stuff like that and you know oh cool you know, but you have to understand
in the book these people were, this guy leaves his fortune of billions of dollars, billions
of dollars and these people have to find these easter eggs to get this vast amount of fortune
so they become experts in everything 80s.
Including playing arcade games for like all of their free time and we're talking like
just people just playing games and the reason that that main character goes in the first
place to this like kind of an arcade museum and plays that Pac-Man machine because he
likes playing Pac-Man it's not because oh shit I gotta play this Pac-Man machine perfectly
so I can get this you know whatever to open another gate and it didn't even have anything
to do with the other gate but it's just because he enjoys playing these games but now forcing
people to play these arcade games in the world record you're not targeting your audience
of people that enjoy 80s stuff and read your book and like the book you're targeting people
that play arcade games hardcore and that's it.
Alright let me, since it's only a three hour show Loki, let me throw some tough questions
at you.
Bobby Blackwolf in our chat room at live.vognetware.com.
The guy apparently doesn't want to make it easy for someone to get his car.
You knew it wasn't going to be easy.
I didn't think it was going to be easy but I thought it was going to be a little bit
more original like you know let's get the guy that created you know fucking I want to
be the guy to create some new custom game that ties in with the series and it's fucking
hard I don't mind that that would have been fair because it would have been something
unique that oh this is challenging but I just have to be skilled enough to do it.
The thing that you know I gotta say it this may surprise you I actually agree with you
to some extent that this is a little bit silly because it's one of those things that looks
good on paper like oh yeah we're gonna have the contest end all contest but if you really
think about it you're right the way to get to the way you're gonna beat this is is not
something everybody can accomplish it's kind of an uneven playing field I'm not even talking
about gaming skill I'm just talking about access to these games because yeah to find
an original machine there's only so many arcades in the nation that even have something like
that and if you're like you might be the most hardcore gaming fan in the world and you live
in Montana you're fucked there's necessarily there I mean I don't know of any big classic
gaming arcades in Montana excuse me if I'm wrong but you're gonna have to find an independent
game collector you're gonna have to be like John Jay rental from video game outsiders
who has the arcade in his basement you gotta know something about necessarily there's any
of those places will rent out classic games to pizza parlors to mom-and-pop places okay
to go ahead so just restaurants in general you know skating rinks my the skating rink
I went to in Dothan Alabama since I was a little kid had the same damn Frogger there
even when I went as an adult the same Frogger I played since it was brand fucking new just
saying you can find them okay I'm not saying it's impossible but it's not it's not like
you know hey any of these challenges where it's okay here's the here's the ROM or here's
the the game that you can play in a flash you know in the browser and everybody has
access to it this is like okay find arcade game and play it and you know he keeps at
like I said he keeps adding more stuff to this and he's he's supposed to be adding more
more games each week but that's the thing too that I also don't like these rules keep
getting fucking tweaked every time and beyond that and that's what shows me it wasn't thought
out because they're having to consistently tweak the rules because they're realizing
oh fuck that we did make this impossible here's here's my other question for you it seems
like there's some good sportsmanship and camaraderie amongst all the people who've gone far in
this competition right like you guys are all talking to each other and stuff there's some
people yeah sort of like what's been the reaction overall like is everybody pissed like you
or are there some people that are like all right now this is a contest there are some
people that are kind of like kiss asses like that that's my opinion at least that are like
well I think this is I think this is a perfect contest blah blah blah blah blah but like
you know I'll read some examples like one of the posts or whatever on planet ludus which
is one of the websites that's kind of dedicated to all this stuff and I laughed when I saw
it because it was is basically the thread topic was you've got to be kidding me and
then you know the post seriously and then you know the next ones well nobody's gonna
beat it tonight haha man I live in it I live in the country it's gonna be tough finding
an actual working arcade I bet collector has these arcades are gonna be bombarded and what
is it so just in case any further proof you won't win the DeLorean I'm serious I don't
I'm thinking no one is going to win unless someone's already working on world record
happens to hear about this cause that's the other thing too one of these world record
holders you know hears about this contest because obviously it's on the internet you
know what to say they're not gonna go oh hey you know I'm just gonna do these play these
really fucking easy games and cool I got a DeLorean now we're gonna see Billy Mitchell
with a DeLorean end of story I think that's exactly what's gonna end up happening I think
one of the existing record holders is gonna get wind of this if they haven't already and
it's just gonna motivate them to break their existing record and it's that guy that plays
with his feet though that'd be awesome but see that's that's fucking lame and here's
the other thing too is they've also at like I said they keep adding and changing the rules
they put anything now well if the third gates not completed by October 1st you know check
back to this page we may have a fourth gate or we may just end the contest it's just like
really I mean you're gonna do this crap here's the problem though and I'm trying to make
this short but here's the problem I'm torn because I don't want to quit I don't want
to quit now but at the same time I don't want to invest in the stuff that I need to in order
to complete it like for example I have an arcade machine at home it's just a main cabinet
but it's an arcade machine I popped that computer out of there it's a jamma cabinet I could
pop any jamma game in there I wanted to play black tiger there was a whole bunch of you
know drama behind that too because everyone there's a conspiracy that the black tiger
machine that the guy used to complete the world record was somehow not necessarily modified
in you know maybe he didn't know it was modified but that it was a hybrid machine meaning it
had some of the chips from black tiger and had some of the chips from black dragon which
is the Japanese version of the game and the Japanese version scores differently than the
US version which may have caused that of course they you know twin galaxies approved it and
said no it's legit but I mean they're doing that off a video and you know if it's not
legit are they really gonna go back and go oh we made a mistake I don't think so I don't
think that they're going to at this point but there's claim it's still legit he even
Ernie Klein actually posted something in his blog about it saying oh it's legit and stuff
oh and here's the other thing to tell you how out of touch you know I think he is with
his fans he does own like a black tiger machine I think he actually has a few arcade cabinets
cool that you're into arcade where does he live I have no fucking clue yeah I understand
go play it in his house but you know I'm actually I'm thinking about buying a black tiger arcade
board my god but I see the thing is though is I don't want to black tiger though like
I said the high score on it is million are being such a boy right now you are being such
a boy right now where you do not want to give up on this you are just I know I'm not gonna
stop and ask for directions I'm gonna beat this damn it and then you're gonna get cut
off at the knees by one of these guys that already holds the world record and you're
gonna be three times as pissed as you are tonight I know I've known you for ten plus
years that's exactly what's gonna happen hey I understand that that's possible oh yeah
and then of course the Pac-Man world record you have to beat the the time so we're already
50 minutes in I gotta bring this to a close but I have to ask this okay and we have a
show following us tonight so we can't have a marathon show tonight but I gotta ask this
Twitter drama cuz I gotta say Loki you were a little bit ranny pants on Twitter and you
went so far to say say fuck you Ernie Klein which did strike me as a little bit angry
12 year old but okay you're mad whatever what's going on on Twitter you get angry and he follows
you I guess yeah but you know what I I've I've tweeted him before because he had posted
or he did a video talking about his DeLorean that he's given up and you know he misquoted
himself like he's oh yeah it's got 249,000 miles on him like well how many fucking miles
did you put on that thing it was only had 29,000 miles before oh that's the other thing
too the DeLorean is only like 25 grand that's what he bought it for off eBay he's put 6,000
miles on it right now yeah the contest rules say oh it's worth $25,000 dude you've put
fucking 6,000 miles on it in like a few months chatter here's the thing and Bobby and Chad
is saying is the Black Tiger arcade board cheaper than a tricked-out DeLorean you guys
don't understand Loki it doesn't matter at this point because now it's a thing it's become
a thing and now it doesn't matter anymore folks it doesn't matter if the value of that
board is greater it it's a thing am I right Loki it's a thing I just want to win it's
exactly it personally I would want to try robotron but finding a Williams machine is
like near impossible all right so other things that played Minecraft I played Call of Duty
and oh I did play Black Tiger a little bit because I got that's what I did that night
when I got pissed off I'm like fuck this shit I'm just gonna boot up my cabinet and play
Black Tiger a little bit because I haven't I haven't really played that and that's the
other thing too it's like if you're gonna create this world record it's I think a lot
of these people to do it don't just say I just want to hold the world record this it's
they enjoy playing that game I don't enjoy playing Black Tiger but I don't know we'll
see what they add I don't know there's not really I don't think all of them are gonna
be breaking world records so I don't think anyone's gonna do it and to be honest he said
so far he's has four because one of the first things you have to do is you take a picture
of the machine that you're gonna attempt the thing on and you send them also you know the
gear pictures they took for the first two gates he's had there's almost 1,200 people
have passed the first gate 725 that have passed the second gate five that have emailed him
a picture for the third gate so far that even say they're attempting game guru says just
buy the damn DeLorean nope I'm sorry buddy it's a thing that's what you're missing it's
not about the DeLorean anymore that's the problem it's a manual DeLore it's a manual
car that sucks can't even drive a manual I can't drive a manual it sucks gas and it can
only be repaired in Southern California so but you still want it yes that's got to be
the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life it is him it is you are by one you are happy
you'll spend less money no no no I won't dark soccer you don't how long have you known this
man that's not gonna get it that's not the answer no one's gonna win it cuz they're gonna
I don't want to give away my DeLorean anyway me all right we're talking in circles anything
else for your gaming week Logie I just want to win so I can punch him in the face you
are so mature thank you thank you for exuding the maturity that hosts of this show should
have all over the internet fuck you or any client oh you're following me shit I said
you sent him a DM inviting him on the show we can hash this out I'm I'm gonna hash this
out I'll send him a DM send him a DM invite him on the show and say I want to hash this
out all right I'll send him we need to work this out I think he's kind of busy doing things
but don't trolling you that's what he's busy doing acts deft is right it's time for an
intervention I'm fine like I'm walking on sunshine it's just it's frustrating okay it's
like I put this much effort into it so far I'm not gonna I don't want to quit right now
even though it's ridiculous it's ridiculous I mean playing playing a 2600 game playing
a Facebook game world record we got passed by something cooler than a DeLorean last night
okay thanks that that's that's really informative you're missing the thing but Lamborghini that's
not that is that is not in the thing equation that's the problem hey I have an idea let
me run a contest for Lord of the Rings and then the last part of the contest is you got
to be an Olympic gold medal winning fencer because it has fucking swords in it that makes
perfect sense that's gonna really narrow down your you have to bring the one ring and Loki
will be the chick from South Korea that's sitting on the platform crying yeah no that's
how this ends I am almost considering I I'm not putting much effort into this right now
but I in and I'm not buying a Black Tiger arcade board right now but I'm just saying
I will play casually and if I see that okay look I figured out something that no one else
has figured out on it and I can get a high score that can beat the world record then
sure yes I will do all that and film all that stuff but at the same time I don't I just
don't have the time I don't have the time to do this Loki you just played 67 hours of
joust in an attempt to win 67 hours who the fuck's gonna do that you just played 67 hours
of joust in an attempt to win a used car how do you feel 67 hours yeah that's how long
it takes for joust no hey it's a historical night here at vog network www dot vog network
dot com hey boys between galaxies wanted to remind everybody that if you do break the
world record before September 5th you get to be in the world wreck or the Guinness Book
this year of gaming whoo speaking of twin galaxies let's talk about space can I talk
about space yes no Travis Donovan tonight at vog network is the best at space he is
gonna be hosting live after our program tonight the Mars Curiosity landing special now for
those that don't know that the thing they shot in space like how long ago was that it
was probably almost like seven years ago at this point nine nine nine nine nine nine
yeah oh it was that day no portal reference you have issues all right so they shot this
guy into space and it's landing on Mars tonight but it's happening late at night like 1 30
a.m. in the morning Eastern Coast time but Travis Donovan he loves his NASA he loves
his space program and god bless him he's gonna stay up late tonight to talk about what this
all means and go over the live landing with all of you guys and kind of I mean for some
people this is really a man walking on the moon moment I mean it's it's that level so
Travis is gonna be with you guys late tonight at vog network calm with the Mars Curiosity
landing special and you know tune in and learn something I could stand to tune in and learn
something honestly because clearly I don't know my facts on this whole thing going on
but I do plan on listening late tonight I don't know what he plans to do as far as archive
and all that stuff I'm hoping just stay tuned to vog network calm if you can't listen live
tonight and there will be something later on but if you do participate live tonight
there's special loot in it for you so check that out the Mars Curiosity starts at 10 p.m.
Pacific 1 a.m. Eastern thereabouts he's probably just gonna take over when we go off air tonight
which at the rate we're going will be around 1 a.m. Eastern time how about we just continue
how about we get into some gaming news facebook.com slash orange launch radio twitter.com slash
o l r congratulations critical myth on your 200th episode that is also something that's
going on at vog network this week I'll make you a look don't go with the papyrus thing
right now Monday Wednesday Friday 4 p.m. Pacific 7 p.m. Eastern dark soccer will make you a
new logo as a press I will make you a new logo for free no papyrus is the devil be respectful
of everybody I'm respectful but papyrus you're being generous I'm being generous I'm saving
you from yourself you have to understand this is 2012 comic sand all right it doesn't matter
it's not about that it's about the in-depth and I mean in-depth television critiques that
they do every week and they're very mindful about spoilers they're very good about all
of that so check it out I don't even know what they have planned apparently there's
a special guest coming on for the 200th episode that's gonna be awesome that starts tomorrow
night at vog network Monday 4 o'clock Pacific 7 o'clock Eastern congrats you guys on your
200th episode even if Jamie would like to question your font choices you know what congratulations
to them it's just papyrus is like it's nails on a chart cocaine all right it's fine you
know it may look pretty but it's really bad for you I'm gonna make an orange launch radio
logo and comic sans and see how that goes do that and I will judge you forever all right
gaming news geez Loki so Star Wars the older Republic's going free-to-play well it'll transition
to a hybrid free-to-play that's what they're calling it basically they're gonna allow a
major portion of the game to be free including the first 50 levels in all eight classes of
course there's gonna be restrictions and microtransactions to go with that if you do subscribe to the
game you will be given a currency each month called cartel coins you can buy customized
gear and other items also you'll get other special rewards if you're a different subscriber
then they you know they basically said that they want to give people flexibility so you
know you want to do a subscription you can do that otherwise you know you can you know
not and of course apparently the numbers have been dipping a little bit the people are actually
subscribed to it they've sold two million copies however right now there's only less
than a million people actually playing so that's not very good there's tons of tons
of people playing for it who aren't paying for it or are they doing that whole free isn't
already free to play to play in for it whatever free to play to level 15 or 20 so yeah it's
like a yes bullet 20 I know that is either 10 or 15 but I think free to play will definitely
help their numbers so that's kind of cool I mean I just think that a lot of people maybe
didn't like the game and so they just stopped playing it's not necessarily this effect well
it's a really good single-player game I don't think there was enough cutting-edge content
for the multiplayer was the problem and for me PvP ran really sluggish and I have a pretty
high-end computer so it made it a lot less fun to play I liked a lot of ideas in the
game and the storytelling was done really well but I just think I think it was a game
that had about three months worth of content that that's about how long it lasted unfortunately
you know it's a tough it's a tough highly competitive marketplace right now and the
I think people give too much credit to the fact that it's Star Wars it doesn't matter
folks that's what gets that's what will draw people in for that first taste that and the
fact that it's Bioware and that Knights of the Old Republic has a good history behind
it that's what draws people in but it ain't gonna make people stay and I think people
to put way too much stock into this just because it's Star Wars it's not like everything Star
Wars related has always been golden cough cough Christmas special cough cough prequels
right true I mean yes Star Wars is a great movie the original Disney the trilogy online
game all right I just want to piggyback on this real quick for going the next story did
you hear about World of Warcraft because yeah not like things are all roses over there either
their numbers are dropping to their numbers drop to 9.1 million as reported at the expectations
this week well for a game that had 12 million subscribers that is supposedly at the you
know is the pinnacle shining MMO a 25% loss which is what that essentially equates to
gradually over the past year that is something that makes investors go oh really the game
is kind of until pandaria then the biggest problem with World of Warcraft and I've said
this until I am blue in the face on a horde house and Blizzard Activision pulled your
head out of your ass on this I swear to God this is what's holding the game back and I
don't know why they can't see it the cost to enter the game is too big every other game
consolidates the expansions into the original game at some point Warcraft has done it once
with what's going on a fifth expansion that's unacceptable it's not working I realize they
put the expansions on sale once in a great while I'm sorry if that sale is not sitting
on the target shelf you're not going to draw in new players it is time for them to consolidate
Wrath of the Lich King and Cataclysm into the original battle chest sell it for $19.99
or you will never get more subscribers so what happens if you don't have those expansions
do you just not get the play you play it's a level 65 you played a 70 70 70 with because
burning crusade is included now they finally do when I started burning crusade wasn't well
when I went back right crusade was no that was more of a reason I bought them all but
I mean it sucks that you had to do that and I you know it takes a special kind of crazy
to do that however I found places that sold everything for less than retail not much less
than retail but less than retail right I love you fries but still I mean you know if they
really want to attract new subscribers $19.99 for the game but for some reason there were
sell $19.99 for the base game and then charge for the missus pandaria expansion or whatever
but you know the reason why it's not working is people want to play with their friends
and they have this whole recruit a friend program that'll get you to level 80 real quick
you can't get to level 80 without buying at least the first expansion hello there's a
total logic fail going on here and they need to fix it so uh rage nator in our chat room
at live dot vog network dot com says well nine million plus subscribers is still respectable
it is that's why this isn't quite the doom and gloom I mean show me another mmo that's
anywhere close to that that's not called lineage let me rephrase show me one in the states
that's anywhere near close to that level of hysteria that world of warcraft is um panaxium
in our chat room says I was going to play with a friend he saw all he had to buy we
played something else my point exactly exactly well here's what I did I mean I and you you
know this I had already had burning crusade like early on because I did play it back in
the day but I played all the way up until I hit level 70 and then that night I went
out and got uh wrath of the lich king and all you were doing with these expansions was
paying to level you don't even I mean that's what blizzard doesn't get nobody is running
the old raids anymore hello except us well because we're doing them because they're fun
it's a little different and you're doing them with over leveled characters which is really
fun because I like you know overkill but I mean you know I I did my I actually got one
to 85 pretty much by myself except for saying hey rob help me kill this guy well it's nice
that you can solo so much of the content you know yeah there is a lot of it that you can
solo and you can go in and go back and do other quests low level quests and get more
of the story which is what I was doing for the longest time all right I don't want to
turn this into the warcraft podcast but I will close with this comment from our chat
room live.vognetwork.com I wouldn't want to compete with horde house sj100 matt says blizzard
needs a rude awakening I think Diablo 3 was the start but they won't change their tactics
without getting hit in the pocket books I agree with you with 90% of that statement
that I would change the word blizzard to Activision and now I agree with that statement think
about it everything started going downhill when think about it all right moving on with
other gaming news hopefully this won't be downhill for Nintendo because that could be
bad Nintendo needs the Wii U to be successful this holiday season and we may have some of
the details thanks to an apparent GameStop leak I don't see here's the thing I'm reporting
this I don't write the news you know I'm reporting this bringing it up for discussion because
it's circulating all the blogs out there I kind of don't think this is news personally
but I want your thought I mean here's the deal GameStop apparently got marketing materials
for the Wii U to talk about what games are going to come out win and it outlines all
of the different publishers and when the games are coming out and for example the first party
stuff from Nintendo Lego City Undercover holiday new Super Mario Brothers you holiday Ninja
Gaiden three razors edge holiday Nintendo land holiday sing holiday Wii U panorama view
I don't know about that one holiday game and Wario launch window Pikmin 3 launch window
project P 100 launch window and Wii Fit U launch window what's that tell us not a lot
it doesn't tell us dates it doesn't tell us which of those games will be available on
the actual day and which ones are closer to December 25th but I mean it's not like there's
going to be that much time between the time this system releases and you know Christmas
anyway so and I kind of was like I thought we already knew if you listen to the way they
delivered that keynote I thought we already knew Pikmin 3 will be out the same day as
the Wii U we know that Wii Fit U I think we had a good feeling was going to hit that same
day too and we kind of knew Super Mario Brothers U where what Wii Fit U where yeah that's what
it's called and new Super Mario Brothers U was coming out after that I believe Reggie
said all that the only surprise of this whole thing Nintendo Land is marked holiday the
only that's the only thing that surprised me because I think Nintendo Land I thought
was going to be like a pack-in game you want to hear something funny all right what that
list that list was released on June 6th during E3 by Nintendo so these things have changed
and yet oh no that list is exactly what they they released that there is no news here this
is all stuff that you know they've already these are all the announced titles so but
yet everybody's GameStop just leaked the entire Wii U lineup no they didn't because Nintendo
already leaked their fucking lineup a long time ago I can link I can link everybody to
the wonderful you know because I knew I recognized that list and yep it's exact August August
2nd all over the interwebs check that out yep only only I shouldn't say only in this
industry because this shit happens all the time but only in this industry can two month
old news be made news all over again right well let me go back and tell you about things
that aren't on the list because you know that's always fun since you know we we you know let's
get you while you're in a mood tonight I'm just saying you know we talked about this
a few weeks and here's the other thing too like there's some publishers that aren't on
here like Disney Interactive because there's certain times they haven't announced yet that
our Wii U titles that are coming but they haven't officially announced it yet was that
because they're 2013 at this point no that's that's that's how we know when we that's how
I think I know record Ralph's gonna be Wii U isn't it nope no epic make you do is oh
yeah yeah I remember that and then of course you know also this list is not accurate too
because they you know they just talked about Madden 13 and also FIFA 13 are gonna be launched
titles that are gonna be on the Wii U so like this is all this right here I can tell you
right now just looking at it if I were to guess I would say that this is a merchandising
manual from Nintendo you know some people that may be privy to the kind of stuff like
that but that would be my guess where this leak came from because I think that they deliver
this stuff to these stores that kind of informs them of the lineup and what kind of stuff
that they can look forward to and they also give them bullet points to talk to with their
customers about that stuff it's basically to inform the people that work there about
the titles that are coming out and stuff all things Nintendo because if you look at this
they have Nintendo DSI product information Nintendo DS product information tend to 3ds
product information connectivity and policies warnings and disclaimers so it's it's from
Nintendo but it's just the stuff that was all the announced titles from e3 act-def in
our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says the internet has really low memory spans ain't
that the truth but hey it's cool that you know certain websites can uh can run with
it because you know hey GameStop posted it must be legit alright let's move on with some
more news Dark Sakura hey I have some news guess what what it's about stuff we already
know about but you know what I'm gonna talk about it because it's fucking hilarious okay
EA is suing Zinga bleep bleep bleep bleep bleep um so yeah they um filed a lawsuit against
Zinga saying that the Ville is a blatant ripoff of The Sims Social and it was filed on August
3rd 2012 saying that they willfully and intentionally quote copied and misappropriated the original
and distinctive expressive elements of The Sims Social in the violation of US copyright
laws and basically it's like you know I'm gonna paraphrase as I understand it Zinga's
gotten away with a lot of shit and a bunch of against a bunch of people who really can't
pay to go against them we've got money let's do it bitches
this is the plaintiff EA claims that the defendant willfully and rootfully copied all of the
assets from their popular game The Sims Social they're suing for $4,000 this is a quote that's
by the EA Maxis label manager Lucy Bradshaw this is a case of principle Maxis isn't the
first studio to claim that Zinga copied its creative product but we are the studio that
has the financial and corporate resources to stand up and do something about it infringing
on a developer's copyright is not an acceptable practice in game development by calling Zinga
out on this illegal practice in other words calling them on their shit we we hope to have
a secondary effect of protecting the rights of other creative studios who don't have the
resources to protect themselves you know what I think it's fucking hilarious I think that
even if there is a you know an offer of a settlement I don't think that EA should take
it I think they should nail their asses to the fucking wall this is so fucking weird
what's happening with this like for real think about it suddenly we're all team EA which
weren't they just named the most evil company in America thanks to the internet not that
long ago yet suddenly here we are we're all team EA we're just trying to redeem themselves
okay and like EA hold on hold on this is where it gets better EA is championing for the little
guy they're sticking up for nimble bit and all these other game the bingo blitz creators
and all this what the fuck here's my thing on it first of all I mean at least they're
not chick-fil-a so they're not serving up Mass Effect with a side of hate you know I
was hoping we could go all night without that coming up but if it had to come up all right
all right okay anyway back to the original point okay they've done things that we disagree
with but overall they put out quality products right you know you're nodding so if everyone
can hear the rattling and Rob said then you'll know he's nodding um Rob Rob you're kind of
bobblehead II tonight so anyway so anyway you can I don't I'm not saying that we're
completely team EA and I honestly do look at part of this as a PR stunt you know here's
our perfect opportunity Zinga has been taking all this money here's our opportunity to put
them down and get some good PR out of the deal and you know what if I was running a
company I'd do the same shit I'd be like hey opportunity let's knock on the door but this
is something that honestly a lot of good will come from as long as they stay pretty you
know steady in their pursuit and nails Zinga to the wall I think they have to keep going
until it's completely just until they're torn apart and then maybe nimble bit will get some
money the end the end sorry I mean I wanted to go back real quick to talk about that last
story we were talking about I completely forgot about Activision that was another thing that
is on this list none of the Activision titles are like Skylanders Giants Call of Duty Black
Ops 2 Transformers Prime there's a Cabela's expedition all right we get it it was full
of crap that story on the internet just one of the have that anyway going back to the
current story if you look at the comparisons it really is side by side they took a lot
of the material from Sim social well the hilarious part was the one that flip-flopped where the
lawyer got the damn screen wrong but I mean when they're I mean there's some pretty damning
evidence in there I mean I know this is all allegedly and we're not supposed to talk about
it like it's already a done deal but let's be real we're all gamers we've saw through
this shit a long time ago yeah and I gotta hand it to the lawyers they're breaking it
down the fucking number of pixels in the doorway is the same between the two games when you
look at that you're like I the smacketh down has been brought in if you rearrange these
items to look or rearrange the furniture in this room to look like the other room you
overlap the fridge they're the same fridge yes yeah it's I cannot I'm sitting there with
my big tub of popcorn like I want this to play out in the people's court I do I want
this to be televised we will Wapner on them I want get Wapner out of retirement seriously
reside over you you know that this shit is like it's pretty much okay we want you to
take this game and change it enough so we don't get sued in the group look Zinga is
really gonna need a moment of how are we going to survive as a company because they're being
kicked in the balls left and right right now people are selling their stock but I mean
we all we've all talked about we know good people that work for Zinga and I don't want
like people to think like just because we think Zinga is evil means all the people that
work there evil that's not the case people just do whatever job they have to do to get
by but clearly management needs to go another direction and some higher-ups need to get
sacked and and it's not to say that they can't pull themselves out of this because let's
look at another company that was kind of and it's still kind of famous of ripping off other
companies Gameloft Gameloft does a lot of like hey that looks awfully little close to
Halo or hey that looks just like Call of Duty but you know what they're not they aren't
literally I mean it's ripping off of a genre I guess or like a type of game but they're
actually good games that's the weird thing although they aren't news so I might argue
that Dungeon Master Online is actually better than Diablo 3 so I'm just saying at least
one of those games can be played offline you know if they can focus on making good games
because they are capable of making games it's just come up with your own fucking ideas for
once and there's a lot of independent guys out there I mean you know you bought some
of them because maybe you couldn't figure out how to copy their game without it going
without people going huh or maybe you know maybe if they didn't agree to you know sell
you their you know IP or game or something that you were just gonna you know come up
with Drawville or something like that but all right let's move on we're running long
tonight so let's pick up the pace a little bit Loki all right so let's talk a little
bit about the UK they've adopted the Peggy rating system hooray hooray for uniformity
already duplicating it weren't they they were double ratings they were doing something but
yes now the UK officially uses the Peggy system for rating its video games and it's dropped
the I guess they have the British Board of Film Classification ratings guide now I remember
seeing those and of course you know because of this they've you know removed the dual
classification system and then also now UK retailer workers can face prosecution for
selling games with a Peggy rating of you know higher than the customer obviously at 12 16
or 18 to underage customers with math maximum sentence of six years wow that's that's pretty
uh it's pretty ridiculous six years for selling a game to a minor especially like a teen game
that just seems a little harsh well I think it's more just trying to well see you know
what my problem is with the rating systems is that it's discouraging parents from doing
their damn job end of story you know I think that the ratings are there to should be there
to inform the parent and then the parent should do their damn job yeah so this is kind of
like that California law come to life like right isn't this the whole thing that the
Supreme Court overturned not that long ago is now happening and am I reading this right
or am I misunderstanding well yes and no but see their thing was it wasn't like tied
to I don't know if it was tied to the M rated stuff but I don't know if that law I don't
know UK laws too well if they do something similar to like the movies movies that are
rated you know by the BBFC if it's like you know mature something and you sell it to a
minor if they get the same type of infraction because if they're gonna put that in place
on games I think it should be uniform across all platforms of media if you're gonna do
something that drastic I think it's still kind of drastic but you know if that's the
route they're gonna go as long as it's equal across you know across all the different media
platforms and okay I guess it'll be interesting to see how this pans out what possible future
legal challenges await yes yeah that's what always inevitably ends up happening is legal
challenges fun fun I don't know anybody who will sue over this unless they somehow get
roped into playing this without you know agreeing to be a willing participant in this and this
is a case of some kids with a lot of free time on their hands not that that's bad it's
just the interesting things that are created it's a Sega Genesis modification it's called
gene zap it has a motto no leave it would be Jen's that Jen's that it's g g e n e gene
Jen's app would you be Jenny's up Jenny's app Genesis well look at Jen okay Jenny's
app I'll go with that Jenny's app no pity for bad players what is it it's a dog shock
collar that will zap you whoever's wearing it when they screw up or take damage in certain
Genesis games that have been modded oh I guess they do say it's Genesis so it's Jenna's app
not jeans at my bed look like Jean the jingo their jeans may be zapped by I was created
by two French guys and they modded it for games like Sonic the Hedgehog Golden Axe three
mega Bomberman and so forth when your character takes damage damage in game you get zapped
let's see apparently there's a video that goes with it where let's see it says go to
four minutes 10 seconds in where Sonic falls into a spike pit and there will be a stream
of bleeped out French cursing oh that sounds good to me let's fast forward to that part
in the video let's go to four minutes it's in French but you can hear Sonic in the background
here we go I'm glad to see that the kids in other countries are just as dumb as the ones
here doesn't make me feel so bad that's really what it boils down to isn't it you know it's
only gonna be a matter of like days before they're like hey I'll put this on your nuts
because because you know if there isn't a video that has to do with you know somebody
shocking myself penis time to penis how long before the Jenna's app is on his Wang it probably
already happened it's just not on YouTube because frisbee in our chat room says ah lay
fuck clover Nikon says sounds like an add-on for jackass the game you know it's really
weird that like I kept getting shocked when I was playing the Bomberman act zero but for
summer it felt like I was getting kicked in the balls repeatedly but it's just when I
thought about the $60 I spent on Bomberman act zero all right one more story from dark
soccer and then the release date star soccer well how about some good news for e3 they've
confirmed they're staying in Los Angeles until 2015 basically like bitches this is our town
you're not building shit yeah cuz the city was gonna tear down what was it the South
Hall or think West West Hall and and build like a Coliseum or some shit but instead they're
like they're gonna build a stadium for a football team they don't have yet yeah like I said
we're building it on the roof or something shit so but yeah basically they're saying
that they've generated 40 million dollars for Los Angeles in three days when they do
the show so they're basically bringing in enough revenue that the city can't really
afford to fuck with them so it's going to be there for another three years three more
years yay three more years I ran to the kitchen but I've come in and I'm still I seem to remember
something else about the story about how they've also worked out that the nearby vendors will
no longer jack up their prices during the week of e3 and here's my big question does
that include parking it should we have to park the last time that's right that one time
we went we took oh my gosh we parked like literally like it was at least five blocks
away at least ten blocks away but it was relatively cheap parking I think we only paid five bucks
to park whereas if you park across the street the convention center it's like 50 it's crazy
times but anyway um I think basically what ended up happening here is that LA was like
please don't leave you do so much for the economy you're going to help build this damn
arena please don't leave we'll do anything just stay because the year that e4 all happened
and you know LA lost that money it it was it was a little kick in the butt yeah it was
they learned and one could argue they may be building that new stadium to bid for I've
heard rumors LA is supposed to be bidding for another Olympic Games that's a mistake
that ends up putting such an economic cripple on the town that um hosts it it depends if
you look historically when LA did it it actually didn't I don't know how I'm sure Bobby could
answer how it worked for Atlanta but I think like when LA did it it was fine it was actually
so was plunged into debt mm-hmm Beijing was plunged into debt almost anywhere that's hosted
it has been plunged into debt afterwards with just the fallout from what's going on afterwards
but it's the Olympics and not to mention that they have to kick out residents to build whatever
facilities are there the one in Greece still wasn't finished while the games were going
on same Bobby clarifies Atlanta didn't lose money at all in the games all right but it
was commercialized all to hell yeah when I went to Vancouver in 2006 the Olympic Games
were being shoved down my throat not that it's a bad thing Olympics are fun especially
I prefer the Winter Olympics personally but anyway let's not talk about things that are
gonna be happening in the year 2020 let's talk about next week and video games that
are coming out to your nearby stores we'll start with the u.s. Loki well I hope you like
games that feature persona characters fighting each other because that's all that's coming
out this week persona for arena on Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 remember it's not region
free not region free yeah we talked a couple weeks ago that's a good thing for the u.s.
that's a good thing for Japan it's not a good thing speaking of Japan let's talk about their
release dates if that's all Loki's got on the Xbox 360 this week sniper elite v2 comes
out from 505 games and that's the only release on August the 9th going to the PlayStation
3 that's it to sniper elite v2 so I guess it's kind of a similar story in Japan this
week going to the handhelds though wow there's nothing on the 3ds that kind of surprises
me there ain't anything listed until the 23rd on the 3ds what a slow period holidays going
on I don't know let me look at the Vita real quick see if there's anything big there there's
a couple games there there's ginsai shogi kaiutendo Tofu Rajin comes out this week as
well as Orgar rhythm comes out I wonder if that's the same thing as the sound shapes
game that's coming out here on the feet isn't that this week by the way you might have missed
that I think sound shapes is out this week I think that's probably that's a digital on
there really oh that could be it is no this title actually looks a little different this
is it's actually not a rhythm game even though that's in the or maybe it is it is it looks
sound shapes is it looks like Peekman to me this you know this game this Orgar rhythm
looks like a it's an action game they're calling it yeah hit a button when the queue falls
hmm interesting yeah it is kind of a music game but it looks like music infused with
Pikmin kind of looks interesting that's it oh Akuma JP in the chat room next week is
Obon holiday I hope I said that right which one Obon oh yeah I thought there was a holiday
coming up around this time of year so gotcha I mean it could just be for the holiday could
be so in the UK there's a few releases on the 7th is Unmechanical on the 8th is Hero
Academy and Hybrid and that's it but a few things a few a few just a few a bit a bit
a few more stories and then the classic game of the week is coming at you but first Loki
all right so Minecraft there's some interesting things with that first starting off 1.31 update
has come out and what you can get with that of course now they've merged single players
and multiplayer on so they have a unified mode and then also they've added a few things
including a chest for the ender chest as well as writable books and you can trade now they've
added trip wires which sounds awesome large biomes world type also some cocoa beans to
the jungles emeralds and emerald blocks and emerald ore I guess a bonus chest option which
allows people to have like some stuff starting off so you spawn with the chest with like
a few basic tools nearby which is kind of cool also let's see just some some other bug
fixes like mobs being able to clip through walls stuff like that so that's kind of cool
and then to go along with that minecon 2012 has been announced and it's going to be going
to Disneyland Paris in November so I don't mind con Disneyland Paris November 24th and
25th I found something for you in Japan town by the way okay a Minecraft mask a big foam
mask of the dude Steve I guess or a game that creeper mask too and the axe the pickaxe awesome
all right well I doubt you found any memorabilia for this game because it's several years old
but it's coming back do you remember imagine 1994 and remember Wolfenstein 3d well there
was a game that came out not long after Wolfenstein 3d called rise of the triad rise of the triad
is coming back y'all it's coming on unreal engine 3 apogee software announced this at
quake con over the weekend this was in rumor status earlier in the week but literally earlier
today it was confirmed in a trailer is out right now the developers interceptor software
and the original rise of the triad level designer joe siegler is one of the members pretty awesome
single player of course online multiplayer and a level editor it looks pretty awesome
via steamworks you'll be able to share stuff yeah sounds pretty cool so all of the crazy
weapons and and dog mode so this is look definitely for the fans the gameplay and it looked pretty
awesome because I wasn't really a fan of rise of the triad I mean I played it a few times
a shareware game but it looks pretty cool because it's kind of like a hybrid between
like you know like a wolfenstein or Duke Nukem but fast like like the unreal games unreal
term and stuff so it looked kind of cool like a lot of the fast gameplay and just you know
with that kind of setting I could dig that a lot of folks in our chat room are getting
excited DDR dollar bill yeah I'm a bit disappointed that there's not a console version it's only
PC right now if they're doing all the steamworks and all that I can see it I mean I realized
PlayStation was supposed to do the steam integration but only one game has done it so all right
well let's go back to a time maybe perhaps even before 1994 actually I have no idea when
this games weeks game came out but dark soccer will clarify for that clarify that for us
right now it's a little older than that a little older newer sorry a little newer all
right every week dark soccer likes to jump into the classic gaming vault and find a classic
video game that she thinks hey you little brats play this game or suffer my wrath dark
soccer what is the classic game of the week don't patch which is awesome and very hard
don't patchy is one of the actually play the screen play the opening screen because I can
never say it quite right I love the way the guy says it oh my bad hold on yeah and then
after that you can fast forward okay if that little voiceovers yeah just cuz I can never
say it like that don't punch you know anyway um it's made by cave and published by Atlas
in 1995 yes for anyone who knows the term cave shooter this pretty much started it um
it was the first game that was developed by cave in the second on their first generation
arcade hardware the first was power instinct 2 the title means leader B but it's also an
onomatopoeia as in the sound of firing guns so it is like I said one of the first bullet
hell games so basically you play as a pilot whose mission is to just survive an 8 years
long training mission so that you can become one of the don't patchy squadron so basically
you have you're progressing through their training period so you have two modes of fire
you have a shot fire one but holding it down you have a concentrated vertical beam but
it slows down your ship like a whole freaking lot you have three different kinds of aircraft
you have type a which is the red one that has a narrow stream of shots type b which
is green um that's a helicopter that has main guns forward and then side guns that rotate
um 90 degrees from forward when you're moving horizontally and then type c which is the
blue or black one um that has a wide three-way spread shot which honestly type c is my favorite
just saying you've got your regular shots where you just tap the button to fire and
then you if you hold your shoot button you have your laser and then you have a spread
bomb if you hit the bomb button um you also have um a laser bomb that if you press your
bomb while you're holding the laser then it does a lot more damage but it's narrower so
you've got five different areas and you can loop them um if you complete them the second
loop has the same areas um the same patterns but it's a denser bullet so basically it really
does turn into the bullet hell and if you get the final boss in the second loop you
have a secret area where you meet the big boss of the game the hutchy which is a b
um so basically it's other than that though it's pretty much a shooter you can get your
power increases you can get your bomb increases and mp um you can pick it up after you've
continued so it returns all of your powers to full strength um basically you know it scores
um you get more additional points for uh for your bombs uh you get um depending on how
many bombs you have left you have you know however many for uh different items that you've
collected and then if you complete the second loop on one credit you get a million points
for um however many fighters you have left in your inventory you know your leftovers
so that's pretty much it i mean this was the game that started the whole bullet hell
uh series of games and it did have a sequel doh don't watch which um is out on um iphone
you can play it on the iphone but this but it probably sucks let's be real well i don't know
espa gabagabaluta which i can never say right um did uh did perform very well i actually plan on
buying the doh don't patchy resolution uh revolution wasn't it called or
resurrection or whatever the crap um the game uh don't patchy is out on saturn and it is a
game that's on my list to buy awesome freaking game all right there it is your classic game
of the week don't punch don't punch
bullet hell vertical you're not even getting into the bullet hell part of it this is still
like this this looks easy yeah it's i can make it through the first two levels of don't patchy
no problem forward later in the video here see what happens yeah there you're getting a little
bit more into the bullet hell there you go but the second playthrough uh-uh no i can't do it
and i i ended up i end up getting like kind of dizzy playing bullet hill games see that
that's where you get into it nice yeah all right i know zether is a fan of the uh bullet hell
shooters he said this one is one of his favorites it's one of my favorite games too zether also
clarifies the doh don't patchy iphone ports are of the newer games resurrection and die flukatsu
okay so but um i i am not good at bullet hell games i'm just gonna go and say this
but i love them and i like she doesn't dodge bullets she shoots them
well that's kind of why i like ikoruga because you can um absorb the ones that makes it a little
bit easier to get through the mass but i freaking played the crap out of um espaluta on my phone
so just saying all right there it is your classic game of the week we're gonna take a break kids
don't go anywhere when we come back rapid fire news the frugal question of the week your calls
your emails and some more news including a steam decision that may prove to be not too popular but
seems to be popular with a lot of game makers and game publishers right now we'll be back after a
quick break with more of orange lounge radio don't go anywhere welcome back everybody to orange
lounge radio episode 468 in progress august the 5th of 2012 live at the voice of geeks network
vog network.com all right loki what was this you were bringing up during the break just you were
gonna tell it on air anyway so go ahead i was gonna send the ernie ernest klein um and message
on twitter because basically um you know the world record for black tiger is only possible
on this machine at um what do they call it it's a fun spot it's the one that the world record was
accomplished that's the huge that's the huge classic game arcade yeah that's one of the movies
and all that shit the huge arcade um their people have already beat it on the actual machine it's
just they haven't been verified by twin galaxies um but the reason why they're able to beat it and
even the guy one of the guys that um posted it he's all it's because the last dragon gives you
one million points versus what black tiger does he's like right here and the guy um says the board
at fun spot plays like black dragon which gives out one million for the last dragon actually i
think it plays identical to black dragon on the second easiest difficulty it says black tiger
and though for sure it's all in english i just figured i'd push it higher at this fun spot
this morning i think i scored um 2.7 million that was my highest it's so basically it's impossible
to hit that score unless you go to fun spot so fuck that shit is what i gotta say and just because
twin galaxies doesn't want to cop up to the fact that oh hey you know we didn't really investigate
this board and just because the guy that ref that shit fucking doesn't know anything about black
tiger and maybe isn't aware of the fact that you can grind your score up by running through the
game really fast and at the end you're you know basically taking out zombies that keep respawning
and that's how you get your score up that is well known in the community that plays black tiger even
for me who doesn't know anything about black tiger but oh just all of a sudden got into the community
about it so that needs to be pointed out so that they can fix this shit because i would like to
legitimately have a high score in that game but i can't if the game is fucking modded
this is the plaintiff
he goes by loki on a podcast that nobody listens to he claims that the defendants a bunch of
fucking fucktards who don't know how to run a contest were negligent he's suing for a 12 pack
of diet pepsi it's legit the guy that beat the score is a familiar with black tiger and that's
how he said it scored so i don't understand why between galaxies can go and claim go investigate
it then go go have someone play that game because obviously it's it's someone's very easily able to
you know beat that high score have them play the game and watch how it scores or have them you
know verify i'm so over this i know i'm just like but yet you guys we don't we don't check the
machine but they did it to steve weeby's machine on film so i understand that you guys are over
this but you're not over the fucking chick-fil-a shit i'm sorry why no no oh no chick-fil-a show
please please don't yes i am over it so let's not go there all right
uh i need to filet this episode of orange lounge radio i did see though the best ever take on that
for marketing purpose the chick on chick-fil-a it was a double chicken breast all right look
we're gonna get into rapid fire news hey bradley how you doing our special guest here in studio
in this historic night how you hanging in there i'm all right i apologize for loki's behavior
tonight and the constant barrage of references on things we we come to sunday nights at orange
launch radio to escape from what are you playing on your 3ds over there playing mole mania right
now what mole mania mole mania oh i thought i said mall mania at first i'm like what the
hell game is that why are you playing it all right how is it how's the game is that an old
school game boy game or like a new 3ds game it's an old school game boy game they set it on a
virtual console uh what other virtual console games you own on that thing over there uh i
think the only thing i have is dragon crystal which is a game gear game nice and of course
the other like ambassador games stuff like that but i have super mario land with the awesome like
random ass egyptian theme in the dungeons for no particular reason just that the games i think the
games weren't even designed by the same mario team yeah maybe yeah i remember playing that
on the original game boy but i never have gotten on the on 3ds all right let's move on and try to
tackle some rapid fire news where we're going to tackle the news as quickly as possible logi
i'll wait for the mic there um so anyways let's talk a little bit about
nba 2k 13 and apparently now i see i don't even know why this is a thing but apparently
jz is going to be executive producing the game i don't know if that changes your opinion on whether
you should buy that game or not but yeah so he's gonna have i guess he's doing some of the uh
picking up the soundtrack maybe um he's got a bunch of his songs in there and uh
it looks like a lot of other you know hip-hop artists in there as well you know actually i
think it's kind of a clever move like i know some of y'all might be skeptical about it but
i it's star power and it's it's a big star with a lot of power and i think for for those two worlds
to kind of collide the music world and the gaming world i think there's definitely a lot of people
that are gonna they're gonna turn their head a little closer at nba 2k 13 because jz's involvement
i mean it's just it's just it's stories like this they're us would we talk about this otherwise
probably not it's that whole thing where that's that's probably good for him being props to them
for including daft punk around the world that's kind of cool yeah and uh there's a justice song
in there um so i think i'm pretty sure i mean jz is married to beyonce for heaven's sake i mean
i'm pretty sure he's pretty diverse with his music likes all right so uh next is uh playstation all
stars that's going to be getting a public beta this fall of course you know if you're a subscriber
to playstation plus you're gonna be able to get into it earlier um but they're gonna start off
by sending some codes as well pretty soon um i guess uh they were a little disappointed about
all the characters being leaked out uh chan park of superbot entertainment is so that was unexpected
and unintended no shit um so yes apparently they're gonna make um some more official character
announcements they're probably included in those ones that they've already leaked out uh august 15
during uh gamescom and last but not least i'm glad to see there's some marketing going on for
grand theft auto 5 uh viral marketing now including a website um for the epsilon program it's kind of
a spoof of Scientology and was also referenced in grand theft auto san andreas now the epsilon
program website is available and you can check it out um or at least there's a twitter going along
with it ebsol ebsolism today this is a twitter account and um yeah the religion i guess is called
a kiff mult kiff lom neat yeah epsilonprogram.com you can go check it out and they've got got some
stuff there are you getting excited are you getting hyped all this grand theft auto 5 stuff
well there's not really much grand theft auto 5 stuff right now in fact that was they had the whole
financial um you know uh conferencing that they were um talking about you know all the different
games and how they were doing and everything and grand theft auto 5 wasn't even really mentioned
too much so it's kind of neat that they're gonna have some stuff i'm hoping that we get some out
of gamescom i'd like to see something but i'm guessing that this game's probably not coming
until at least you know april of next year stan in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says if
anyone gets a beta code for all stars battle royale and you don't want it i'd be happy to
take it off your hands uh ratchet tag speculating on the jz nba 2k13 blue ivy will be in it no way
jose that baby's gonna be like michael jackson's kids back when they were young like they they had
to go out and like wear the face covering so that the media couldn't get pictures that's what will
happen all right moving on to some other rapid fire news doom 3 is getting a re-release as we've
already talked about before doom 3 bfg edition some news coming out of quake con there is going
to be an extra lost mission that will be in the hd remaster don't know what the lost mission entails
but not too surprising usually these types of remasters and remakes get some type of extra bonus
thing so something that was originally on the cutting room floor makes a lot of sense so it
comes out this october if you miss doom 3 the first time around or you want to play it again
one game i can't understand why people play again and again but it's like it's like torture and this
is the type of game that i would have expected loki would have to beat to win a delorean you
ever played q op i've played co-op i am i've been dying to download this because i really want to
shoot some pigeons well actually yeah i don't it's it's not q q i call it q op is it all right quap
quap has this that's not the game i want to report on tonight although i think that shit's hilarious
it's a new game called clop what is clop it's quap but with a unicorn as the star as opposed
to an athlete right like the original is like an athlete now if you've never played quap um
what god how the hell do you describe it it's like a running simulation but like remember
like track and field by konami back in the 80s in the arcade running was simulated by hitting
the buttons as fast as you can like right and on the old school nes games and the power pad run
as fast as you can q op is actually about like bend the knee bend the ankle and it's four buttons
to control it but it's like all like super physics and stuff so now there is clop and it is by the
maker of quap and gurp and whatever other games they've come out with clop is a four-legged
unicorn uh that you uh use h j k and l to control the unicorn and in this one good luck getting up
hills that's the game look you should have had to play i tried playing clop and i kept laughing
it was fun and i've never played it but you haven't played clop yeah god i i'm worried where
this is going i've never played it okay clop if you um you control each foot of the horse okay
and if you happen to use the front feet you unlock lame horse mode where the back feet get broken and
you have to crawl with the front this sounds fantastic and there's like this weird justin
bieber looking character that keeps making fun of you when you die or not even necessarily die but
you're like that's just rude slowly tip over backwards and it's kind of funny that's just
rude justin bieber comes out makes fun of you that's like it looks like zach efron or justin
bieber i mean it's just it's weird uh ratchet tag in our chat room says unicorns make everything
better exactly and that's exactly what this game is all about does it fart rainbows it might
they've only won a unicorn that farts rainbows well maybe you can find the rainbow farting special
item in the world of warcraft arcade cabinet that is apparently on its way out in china uh there's
a china digital entertainment expo going on right now and apparently there is a world of warcraft
arcade machine on its way uh league of legends starcraft 2 and some other stuff as well and yeah
they show pictures of people playing in an arcade style machine now don't think like i'm not talking
like it's a special arcade release of the game but you gotta remember the arcades in asia still very
much a thriving community things like cyber cafes and things that never took off here would do much
better in these other countries so it's really about the kind of the community and getting
together so the fact that they're putting these games in arcade style cabinets really not a
surprise at all especially if you look at counter strike neo look at that that's a very pretty
machine all these little sit down cabinets people playing counter strike so interesting but not
something you're going to see over here anytime soon i'm sure that dark soccer are we able to get
those yes cool what's up well um how about first off sonic and all stars racing transformed has
bonus edition with an outrun track and metal sonic oh and it has an in-game emoticon sticker
pack but will it have magical sound shower i don't care because it has the opa opa
and then rock smith it's uh getting a base mode on uh august 14th looks like so uh it will have
a basis that can improve their skills with um two finger plucking slapping and popping sounds very
dirty but it also has base technique challenges tutorial videos and mini games
so lots of base stuff because base is awesome i am partial to the base and then how about this for
quake con steam's having a sale bethesda games are cheap it's um the quake con bundle that's
going to have uh 20 games and again i'm reading this off of a british site so 300 pounds worth
for 70 pounds for the for the lot of it and today is elder scrolls day um then this is of course as
of sunday where you can get the elder scrolls collection for 47 percent off morrowind for uh
66 percent off and oblivion for 66 percent off skyrim will be 50 percent off so this is your
chance to get it on the cheap and there's also going to be a quake con of sale happening in the
app store so there you go nice all right let's move on and every week we do a segment here called
the frugal question of the week take facebook take google put it together you get frugal
and we ask a question of our facebook and google plus communities every week and read some of the
answers here on the show and to poll our folks in studios as well as to their thoughts on this
question we'll start with google plus tonight here's the question an article on vog earlier
this week i hope y'all are reading the articles at vog i know we don't we haven't been publishing
a lot but we've been trying to get some stuff out there and there was a good one this week from alan
and i'm not just saying that because he lives here but he wrote a good article about minecraft and
kind of what made him really like the game the third try you know the first time he played
minecraft he was like what the hell is this shit but you know the second second time a little more
third time finally found fell in love with it so our question to the frugals this week is has
there ever been a game that you really didn't like the first time you played it only to come
back a second or third or fourth time and fall in love with it what do you think caused the change
in your opinion so i'm sure some of us here in studio can think of games like this but
what is the game we'll get around here in a minute all right let's start with panaxium on
google plus for me it was the civilization franchise i just couldn't get into it but then
i started downloading all the awesome mods for civ 4 and that changed everything fantasy world
yes please sci-fi colonization hell yeah so lots uh redertainment says yes in fact i'll be playing
it when this show airs dragon age origins i used to not be into high fantasy at all then game of
thrones came out now i'm reconsidering all high fantasy properties including dragon age i might
even watch lord of the rings again and this time not fall asleep during it very interesting so it's
kind of like asleep reading it you know what i don't when i saw a movie in the theater and it's
one of my favorite movies this is a couple years ago uh stardust you ever seen that movie it's i
love that movie it's so good i have it on hd dvd yeah it's based on yeah me too and blu-ray it's
based on the neil gaiman novel and i thought the the uh movie turned out great michelle pfeiffer
is great and all that but um when i came home from watching the movie i suddenly wanted to play elder
scrolls oblivion like it's kind of weird how but that's the same type of thing that redertainment
is talking about watching game of thrones made him want to play dragon age origins chair of swords
this weird kind of for the record reading tolkan is gonna take it's gonna take patience
good stories as long as you get past the descriptions of the countryside
just saying how about that whole hobbit going into three movies i'm excited i i read the
hobbit when i was a kid and i freaking love that yes they have enough to fill it with no
yeah no no that's three movies i don't see i like the original lord of rings anyway let's go to
yeah i love the whole original 20 endings right there's something let's go to facebook this might
surprise you again games you didn't fall in love with until second or third time you played it
all second or third time you played it shane y'all know shane this should be in chat this i think he's
raiding or something tonight this answer might surprise you mass effect no joke way back when
the first game was on xbox 360 i gave it a go because of all the things people were saying
i didn't make it past eden prime before i decided it was dumb years later i got a free copy of two
on pc for buying dragon age 2 so i gave it a go and thought it was pretty eh i didn't even get
much farther than the opening escape from the server of space before i just quit caring a short
time later i picked up the first game because i figured i should have the collection on pc for
some reason i made it past eden prime this time but again didn't care and then the trailers for
mass effect 3 came out and i thought it looked so cool i forced myself to get in the first game and
something just clicked it was amazing and i couldn't stop playing and then things made much
more sense in two it was fantastic and that's how i came to love the greatest game series ever so
effect uh let's see osfer replied and said this happened to me with league of legends i initially
tried it and just couldn't get into the game at all but i also wasn't too sure what i was doing
after coming back to it and having friends show me what to do i liked it a little more but still
wasn't hooked until i found a character that i really liked to play uh going to mary says uh
wow world of warcraft i played my warlock up to level 30 something but still really had no freaking
clue what i was doing and ended up just leaving it for a year maybe six months i don't know whatever
it was when i came back i got up to max level got my warlock super special level 60 mount at level
70 thanks to my old oov buddies for helping out with that and still had never run a real instance
did some karazhan with the guild and ended up learning to actually raid yay for second chances
and wow cody t replies it would probably have to be the call of duty games i tried to play him a
long time ago and never really understood why people thought they were so fun until i had a
child and didn't get as much time to play video games and those games multiplayer wise are easy
to pick up and play for five or ten minutes and another is borderlands for the same reason i'm not
that good of fps games lol reginator says this may be a cop-out answer but i'd have to say the final
fantasy series i know it's kind of broad i had the original on the nes as a kid which is why parents
bought for me at the time i didn't really appreciate the game or what would eventually
become a long-running series it wasn't until i saw commercials for final fantasy 7 and eventually
played it when i finally found love and appreciation for the final fantasy series uh let's see
degenerate johnny says too human fits the bill when i first rented the game i was displeased
because i wasn't used to the second analog stick as a form of movement and attack rather than
camera control for the first time i found myself agreeing with popular reviewers and i took the
game back to gamefly i rented the game again to help my niece with her homework she was studying
norse mythology and entertainment i finally got used to the controls but still got ticked off
after getting the achievement for dying a hundred times we should be able to remove those from our
gamer score i finally bought the game when some friends of mine invited me to play with them in
co-op i had the time of my life when we were playing and i can see the ingenuity that silicon
knights was trying to accomplish with too human ever since then we get together and play a campaign
or two over drinks once you get past the controls the game is quite enjoyable just don't play alone
so there you go some answers from our facebook community there are more i'm sorry i didn't get
to read all of them but check them out at facebook.com orange lounge radio let's quickly
go around the room and see what you guys think games you didn't love the first time but you fell
in love the second or third time dark sakura wow yeah easy for you i know well moving off of wow
because honestly it was really until they tweaked the gameplay to where i liked it um i'm actually
going to add mass effect on the list because i'd watch dan play through it at first and i was like
oh this is kind of boring first person shooters make me sick blah blah blah blah blah and honestly
i had a hard time getting into it on xbox until i started playing on pc and then boom all the
way through the game all the way through the second one all the way through the third one
i beat all three games in the span of a month just saying and i'm still playing mass effect three
again uh loki call of duty modern warfare i didn't like it the first time i played it what clicked
for you i don't know something uh for me most of mine have already been said believe it or not
world of warcraft the first time i played it i left for a while didn't end up coming back
till burning crusade and then that's when i fell in love with it um mass effect is a big one
because i played that and you know passed off my review of it sometime excuse me some time
ago and then just came back and loved it and i don't even know what clicked i think i just
i played from the beginning instead of in the middle and that made a huge difference
actually you know what i have to say hmm garris uh minecraft is another big one if i have to name
one that hasn't been named yet wait maybe you have yet to maybe you'll i've tried minecraft
and i really do not care for it we'll see uh i would say halo halo i didn't like the first time
i played it because like first person shooter controller but it was the first time i did an
lan local area network because remember the first halo wasn't on xbox live uh it wasn't around yet
it wasn't around yet when i played that first halo in a local area network oh it was awesome
so awesome uh bradley anything that comes to mind for you okay uh there's nothing i can say that
all the way i didn't hate it i hated it i loved it but there was one game uh i played i started
the game adam zombie smasher i played it uh a demo of it at uh packs last year and there was a guy
there then it kind of threw you in and i didn't know how to play it and so it was i said i don't
feel like playing this game but it came up in one of the humble bundles and i tried to play it
and it starts you off from just doing one thing rather than several things so so i basically got
it into it for a little while and when i played it there and went through a big game so that was
one that came with from i don't care to actually like the game pretty well all right very cool
very cool well thank you guys again for answering on facebook and google and of course those of y'all
here in studio to register participation for this week's episode of orange lounge radio on
vog network.com use the passphrase sugar uh we will continue on with some news we do have the
mailbag if use of the week and twitter topics skype line all those ways to interact coming
right up but first more news loki all right um so let's talk a little bit about
steam and i know i purchased a few things on the steam sale uh during the summer here
i did also happen to see the update to the uh the terms of service that they have
now they have you agree to a steam subscriber agreement that basically bars you from
filing the class action lawsuit and um kind of similar to what we saw with sony and microsoft
and of course you know they said we've considered this change very carefully it's clear to us in
some situations class actions have the real benefit to the consumer in far too many cases
however class actions don't provide any real benefit to users and instead impose unnecessary
expense and delay and are often designed to benefit the class action lawyers who craft and
litigate these claims you know i gotta say at least it was a very honest as far as corporate
can be a very honest letter which you know we kind of val's been pretty good about communicating
with their community they really have you know especially through some of the other um you know
like when they were hacked and all that they were pretty transparent with all that um and that it's
happening here too um i don't know how i feel about this i mean obviously this is the trend
in the gaming industry i've got to admit there's still a part of me that wonders if that can really
hold up in court like i understand they're doing it to cover their butts and whatever but can it
really hold up in court i don't think it's been tested you can still file a lawsuit against them
but you just can't do it as a group right but i'm saying that i i'm just saying does that necessarily
stop it i mean do they have the power to put that in the agreement and force you to agree to that
you're waiving your right to sue us a group i'm i'm surprised that hasn't been tested yet and i
think it will i think it's gonna be a little bit difficult with them too because um you know you
bought all these games they give you no warning that also i mean i guess it would be in the end
user license agreement that oh you can change this at any time you know that all of a sudden
no i can't use these games unless i agree to this i would think that a judge would see that as
unreasonable like you know you you can't expect to just all of a sudden you know cut off the service
that this user is paid for because you know you just put this clause in place that they don't want
to agree to all of a sudden you know it's kind of ridiculous it's just i guess there's that part of
me that says why do we let corporations dictate what rights we do and don't have and i i totally
understand the viewpoint of well then don't agree to it or whatever but yeah it didn't do it
or whatever but yeah didn't didn't somebody say or maybe i saw it on reddit or something or saw
it somewhere where somebody was like well what happens if i don't agree to it do i get to access
my games anymore and the answer was essentially no so i i would that hold up in court i'm not so sure
i i i guess maybe i'm just i don't know trying to root for the little guy or whatever but the same
because sometimes you know these courtside with people based on like common sense you know i guess
and sometimes they you know they're like well it was in the end user license agreement but
i don't even know like how much of those end user license agreements are even like viable nowadays
because they've got some of those you know that are in the manual or some that aren't even in a
manual they're like in a digital manual somewhere out there on the web so a lot of times you don't
even see these things until you you know you know you go and search them out so that i don't really
understand if that's the case but like something that they force you to read every time you play
the game or something like that um oh maybe i don't really know how it works uh game guru in
chat good point from game guru at live.vognetwork.com says it has been tested the supreme court ruled
for them hence why everyone's added no class action lawsuits clauses um that's right i think
it was an at and t thing if i remember right i i i totally understand that but i just think if
something bad enough happens it's really gonna put this to the test and maybe that particular
scenario wasn't the right scenario i'm totally i totally understand why they want to block all
this frivolous lawsuit crap and there are a lot of very frivolous class action lawsuits i get that
but if something really bad happens i don't know and maybe there's that tinfoil hat part of me that
wonders why does val feel the need to do this what news is about to come out um maybe it's the whole
lawsuit that was in um europe perhaps the whole you know used games thing maybe they're just
trying to prevent something like that happening over here interesting interesting thought why
did you make me buy so many cheap games during the summer sale i'm gonna sue you because i'm
irresponsible all right we'll see what develops with this as we move on you know most people are
pretty forgiving of steam but uh certainly there's gonna be a few people like that guy who tried to
get around it i i didn't was there a postcard clause or any of that i don't think there was
uh moving on completely different topic here this is about ea sports and their season ticket
the season ticket is a subscription uh what is it i think it's 30 for this season ticket thing
and you get some freebies free dlc that obviously otherwise would be paid dlc um you get free packs
free packs of cards for madden fifa and nhl ultimate team modes is this do the sports games
work like mass effect 3 where like you open up the boxes and get cards and they are like like in mass
effect 3 it's weapons and team members and stuff like is that no because that's another ea game no
what happened i have to be honest i don't play these games so what is this card thing in madden
the card thing in madden is for remember how there was the whole fifa hacks they have that
the ultimate team yeah yeah yeah yeah that's the madden version of it what do those cards get you
if they're digital cards they get you perks for your players on the teams that's interesting i
that never clicked for me before but that is very similar to the mass effect 3 thing yeah you
basically you basically trade with other people and stuff or you oh you trade you you buy or you
well they sell counts or sell stuff i don't know but somehow there's real money stuff involved in
it and remember you know before the whole season pass or whatever they're calling it was basically
to get access to these games a few days before they would come out you would get like a digital
version that you would play and then the you'd go purchase the real game on um the release day
and then that digital version would stop working um other things the season ticket had done in the
past early access to full titles that got deleted when the games were actually released yeah yeah
yeah interesting and it used to be discounts on premium content but now it's a little different
they're saying though that there's no way you'd actually be able to pay for it as you if you bought
like all of the dlc which i'm sure they'd love to have you do uh sj100 matt says rob yep you
are correct it's the same thing in the nhl games now blackwolf says you can use real money to buy
new cards but there was an in-game auction house that uses the point system that you get for
playing ultimate team live.vog network.com and monty boggs great comment hard to call it free
if it costs thirty dollars that is true it's like playstation plus but i see i like playstation plus
i think playstation plus that whole thing's really come a long way and it's got a lot of value
i gotta say it's interesting interesting we'll see how many people um sign up for it i'm sure
there's enough if they're continuing it into a second year from the first year meanwhile some
more news stories for you guys dark soccer yes um in other news we actually have some mass effect
goodies about the wii u which uh is kind of eye-rolling every time i think of the wii u but
i'll go ahead um it's going to basically have touch screen control so that you can see a map
of your immediate areas where your squad mates are and where the enemies are highlighted you have four
powers and abilities that are on each side of the gamepad screen so you can just select one without
having to go to your quick menu although honestly my quick menu is my friend i'm like pause hold
this pause um basically uh it was also um at the ea summer showcase where they had the first viewing
of mass effect 3 on wii u um but the graphics are pretty much going to be the same as how they were
on the ps3 and xbox 360 version i honestly think that the pc version is still going to top all of
them because you can tweak it as much as you need to also there's going to be um an interactive
comic to go with that one kind of like how mass effect 2 genesis was for the ps3 so that if you
missed out on the previous games then you can make all of your decisions and then move forward
that's good to know because we wanted to know how that was going to work like how are they
going to catch the nintendo fans up yeah and then this is the thing that makes me happy mass effect
3 leviathan there's reaper dlc that's gonna come out you get to shoot reapers in the face well i'm
looking forward to shooting a reaper in the face it's about time for some single player dlc too
like i realized the whole extended cut set everything back but i've been foaming at the
mouth for dlc it's almost been six months in the game they were saying that it's supposed to also
affect the ending i can see that like maybe an extra little cutaway or sign i think i don't
think it's like it'll be like a five second cutaway or something i don't think it'll be
anything major i'm just trying to see um when the release date for that one was and i had seen it
before and completely missed it but um in fact i'm double checking here's what i really want to
know about the reaper ending or this leviathan based ending without spoiling too much will you
still cry when ed dot dot dot i cried so much but i more cried over garris because keep in mind
keep in mind i started with the extended cut when i played it and the whole little goodbye part on
the normandy i just like i'm not gonna spoil anything and it's not i will say this i'm not
talking about dies like i know a lot of people are like oh great rob it's dies nope that's not it
if you've beaten the game you know what i'm talking about one of the particular endings
there's a moment when ed and dot dot dot and it's like oh yeah it's a little bit of a cleft
well they said on here um also that um there's notice there they actually said there were some
things leaked in the script that actually link it to the extended cut so
all right loki all right done formulating my uh message to ernie klein um
i had to use i had to use tweet longer and quit longer anyways so patents lots of patents um
connect patents this is kind of weird too because this patent basically allows um taking connect
i guess into mobile cameras so allowing you to use um you know like uh your phone or something
like that to basically scan people into into a game that's kind of interesting and um apparently
they said that uh you know it's a mobile environment sensor it determines the trajectory
through a room and generates a depth map as it goes whether you're using a mobile device or
as it goes whether using i guess um you know the infrared sensor or stereoscopic cameras and um
they said the visual mapping isn't enough the camera relies on motion sensor like an accelerometer
to better judge its position as it's moved around and um that's interesting does this mean the next
windows phone is going to have connect built in for no particular reason but maybe to take like
a 3d picture of my face maybe uh they also filed another patent that basically um uses the connect
um for i guess um directing movies you can you know use your hands the gesture to you know do
different movie editing stuff uh also uh i guess the depth camera both generates the model
environment and also creates 3d props out of real objects so augmented reality stuff motion capture
and i guess um doing other uh you know augmented reality stuff that's kind of neat so um
interesting i mean a lot of people have been trying to do like video stuff with that like a
lot of augmented reality stuff so and that would kind of tie in with that you know the whole
supposedly leaked plan or their timeline or whatever that they were planning on doing the
next system with all that crazy connect stuff uh dj morpheus in our chat room says i would
love to have the ability to have my in-game character look like me via image capture
so didn't they don't they have that on the 3ds and doesn't it not work very well
yeah pretty much but the 3ds remember it has that front camera but the front's not 3d only the back
i mean there's three cameras in the 3ds if you think about it one in the front two in the back
for 3d images it's a little you know anyhow speaking of nintendo and patents i don't know if
you guys remember this but uh cooper in or excuse me copper innovation innovations group filed a
lawsuit against nintendo it was a patent lawsuit back in 2008 and it's just now over to remind you
because you probably forgot copper innovations group claimed that the wiimote and the we console
infringed on a 1996 patent for quote handheld computer input apparatus and method and if you
this looks like a mouse like you look at the little figures whatever anyway uh pittsburgh
u.s district court uh basically found it in nintendo's favor halting the need for a jury
trial or trial uh nintendo of course is pleased with the decision and thanks their legal team
and so forth i think most of this us saw this as a patent troll type of thing there's a lot of these
type of lawsuits that took four years to resolve and it hadn't even gone to jury yet it actually
got cut off before it went to jury the judge basically said nah nah amazing the legal system
in this country is so interesting i know i'm not a lawyer but that doesn't stop everybody on the
internet from pretending to be one let's get to the mailbag oh joy
let's see what home white homemade lawyers oh boy i don't know what is wrong with my talking
ability lately all right you are speak english good clearly all right slow down rob all right
uh we're gonna go to the mailbag and see what homemade lawyers we have in the email bag this
week mailbag at orange lounge radio.com if you want to email the show i'm gonna start with one
from steven w home does get a bad rep from how it used to be back in the day to what it is currently
going down with its updates with the recent updates and fixes they have pushed out some
really good content and finally fixed the glitch that allowed users for using others does home
still have its issues why yes it does but it does what comes when software is still in beta sorry
this is very run on sentencing home is constantly evolving and with evolution comes bugs if you look
past those bugs and look at the community the atmosphere surrounding it and all of the events
slash games within home you see how epic it is so yes home gets a bad rep but it has a lot of
good inside of it who does it is it like a pinata so everyone should hop on and check it out even
if it's for a few moments if i beat it with a stickle candy come out possibly somebody won a
20 gift card last week of course that had nothing that was not sony sanctioned that was a generous
fan helping another generous fan out but i'm glad to see good i'm glad some people followed through
because i don't know if you remember but during hey it's not time for the effus yet be quiet
during last week's show i actually asked all those guys in playstation home i said does your network
get a bad rap does home get a bad rap so i'm glad i'm glad somebody followed through with that thank
you for replying okay well um moving forward hello this is from nasty canasta oh hello olr
i'm my favorite nicknames by the way that emails the show because i think about the car game
i think of old people it's like strip canasta or something nasty i'm not sure if you covered this
before but you might be interested in a teaser for an upcoming pc first person horror game called
among the sleep the protagonist for among the sleep is a two-year-old aside from the utter
helplessness you have to deal with playing as this poor toddler imagine if you also had to struggle
with the baby's current developmental stage how could the game screw with how could the game screw
with you if this kid didn't grasp the concept of object permanence yet scary ps garris well
i think a two-year-old understands object permanence says the parent of a two-year-old
i i actually peeked in the mailbag earlier and i watched the little trailer for this thing and it
looks creepy as hell and that's that's that's a weird concept for a game to me that's like when
you do things about children that's always a little creepy yeah i'd like to stay away from
that at least the child doesn't get eaten by a grew or something it's just you know it's it was
it was a scary looking game i gotta say me it's like amnesia level scary okay well moving forward
this one is it's for me hi guys i just wanted to share my happiness to all of you especially
dark sakura i have found and purchased three rare nes cartridges those are my favorite adventure
titles from the nest era uh i first wanted to know if dark soccer recognizes one or two
banana oji no dai bulken which i do it came out as banana prince in the u.s armadillo um which i
don't think came out in the u.s and then panic restaurant which um actually that is the u.s
release and i went to find because i only remembered like half of the name because it was
something gourmet world it was one paku koku no gourmet gourmet world and it came out in 1992 and
was published by taito where you play as a guy named cookie who looks like chef boyardee not to
be confused with the announcer from you don't know jack this is this is one of those games that had
one of those classic things of mistranslation of a name because the bad guy in the game was called
was called um odor but it was french to japanese so when it came to translating it from japanese to
english they called him o'dove but the chef in the japanese version had the best name as naughty
cocoon so that was a good name um banana prince was sort of like kind of uh a jack in the beanstalk
kind of game where you could get seeds and plant flowers and shit and climb to get to different
rooms and stuff it was a neat little game and um it was by takura and then armadillo um was sort
of like super mario 3 where you had like a map that you could move from world to world um i know
of all three of those games so yeah good job dude you can send me your copy of armadillo if you want
i'll play the fuck out of it um so uh this is let me know your opinion and happy podcasting
um banana prince is pretty cute pretty fun um armadillo is pretty fun i actually did not play
panic restaurant but i've seen it i've seen i know someone who had panic restaurant when i was
younger so just saying i didn't get into it okay moving forward shall i this comes from clover
nikon hi guys and gal just writing in to say that i am loving the show and loving the vog network
i have not been on the vog site as much as i would like to do to my two jobs
anyway today august 6th is my one year wedding anniversary unfortunately my beautiful wife lisa
has to work so i'm spending my morning here with my friends at the vog network while i do cg renders
anyway lisa is playing fable 2 star wars connect and will soon play mass effect 2 hope everyone
has a great evening and keep up the great radio sent for my iphone well happy anniversary yay
anniversary sorry to hear that you know somebody's having to work during it but you know that's
you know that's that's you gotta make the money that's how it works okay next email we have two
more wait i was trying to find something for that last email here hold on hold on be happy wedding
no no no no we already did happy when we already did happy wedding a couple weeks ago for tiara and
dan this is the other song remember para para paradise paradise dave domino and virginal
anniversary there you go hey all i've just started my tour in the mass effect universe
i have to say that i have owned both one and two on steam for at least two years now i am hooked
played through the first one in about 22 hours i'm absolutely in love this game is epic honestly
had chills from the first two minutes when five year later spoil alert shepherd crawled out from
the wreckage some things happen in my game of in my game though that make me sit in my office during
the day and question my decisions when one of my favorite characters was shot and killed i wanted
so badly to reload my game and make different choices yet i different didn't you totally could
have yeah i i continued on letting the decisions i had made played out for the rest of the story
my question is which choice based games such as kotor mass effect heavy rain fable do you go with
your gut feeling and let the story play out as it will or try to change it in the way that you want
it um mass effect i played i've actually playing the second one the exact damn same way i've played
the last one my last playthrough on mass effect 3 the only thing that i changed was i killed caden
and played with ashley using my save file editor just so i could see what ashley was like in mass
effect 3 i have to admit mass effect was really the first game where i didn't feel this need to
do everything perfect because usually when i play rpgs i'm kind of that anal retentive search every
corner talk to every person in the town explore every story do every side quest and there comes
a point when you're playing these bioware games where you just have to realize you can't do that
you cannot do it is not possible without playing the game 500 times so mass effect was really one
of the first games to kind of like get and i realized this is very recent but it's it's a
different way of thinking for me so and it's not been easy so that's my long-winded answer
well um i also did play dragon age 2 and i really liked it but it was like when i started romancing
uh what's her name that was voiced by eve miles i was like oh my god she's annoying oh my god
she's annoying so i started going after fenris because it's like oh he's kind of broody i'd go
for fenris um i didn't really play the fable games because i really didn't like them that much
dan played the crap out of them i started on fable 2 and i liked fable and i never finished
any of them i which is weird because i own them all um my favorite choice ever was how to bitch
slap the bitch slap fight in final fantasy 7 just saying and those you know choose your the the
little mud games or choosing who you would date in final fantasy 7 yeah trying to get the barrett
date fuck no it was always tifa and i did not use that bitch arith more than i had to because she
was a ho bag fuck her and now she's tell us how you really feel i have my i still have my save file
i know where i can kill her as much as i want to and the jenova fight which is fun that's like the
most fun fight in the damn game is that jenova fight um because i'm so giddy from her being dead
maybe you just like the music i really love the freaking no i love the jenova music
oh i hate the earth music um because i hate everything about the bitch anyway also completely
off topic but i've ordered sound shapes any of you guys played demos or have any thoughts about it
i really needed something fresh on my vita it's got an inch of dust and shame on it at the moment
the dust and shame i like that keep up the great work travis i like that dust and shame uh i have
not personally played sound shapes but shane who's a friend of mine will not shut up about
how great it is oh is he in chat maybe he'll call in later because apparently it's great and he says
he's getting it launch day i don't know much about it but um shane sure talks it up it makes me kind
of want it i hope there's a demo hey there's shane and chat yes sound shapes there you go um last
email one more all right yeah why not um this this uh labeled bad rep um not all but some clubs and
especially fans slash mafias are a bad rep on home other than that home is a great place to have fun
and to get away by the way even though this has nothing to do with this who's the porn star i
could it could have been me ha ha ha that's from skull king i think that's a reference to marissa's
little story last week all right i will i will say his first name because i know i won't say
anything more than that i just want to say marissa's in chat marissa can i say tell me if i
can say it starts with a g all right there that's why you get a letter you get it it's a g starts
with a g like og g what a waste of time i spent on google all right is that it for emails yes
mailbag at orange lounge radio.com if you want to send us an email for next week that was two home
emails thank you thank you kind emailers all of you that emailed from mass effect to sound shapes
to playstation home appreciate it let's get to the fus of the week the part of the show where
we get ranty why i don't know f you so losing my job i really fucking like that place i liked
everyone i worked with i loved my cubicle i liked my mass effect wallpaper on my tool my dual
monitors but i'm really gonna miss the people i worked with and i'm gonna miss all the reps i
worked with they were some awesome people just saying i don't think i have to tell you what my
fu is it's this whole debacle with this stupid black tiger score and stuff dude there was
literally a forum thread on twin galaxies from the people that beat the fucking high score
that actually set the goddamn world record that said hey the machine doesn't score right and yet
they're not willing to do anything about it so fuck that shit you know way to go between galaxies
some integrity you got there honestly i don't have a lot to complain about things are going
pretty well for me fu to the lack of motivation i have to exercise because i really need to get
that done i need to like join a gym or something but i just know the i i know my lack of motivation
too well bradley uh fuck you to my fever eight uh at least i'm done with the my pike of season for
the most part uh later just hopefully more later than uh and also fuck you to getting tired in the
middle of the day that makes it harder all right there it is the fu is the week
moving on um let's do a couple more news stories and then we're gonna get into twitter topics if
we have any i didn't really make a lot of calls for him but we'll see and then the skype line
and then the end of the show and then the mars curiosity landing special sweet what are you
pointing at oh oh what is this what is this let's let's discuss let's discuss this i i have a bag of
stuff from uh swags kind of stuff from pat the last packs that i have sitting around on my table
and i'm not going to do anything with it so i thought i'd bring it over here so you could give
it away let me see what's in here can i be nosy sure take it let's see i like take it i don't want
it anymore wow there's just a bunch of assorted crap in here yeah but i mean that the nicest
possible way yeah is that a whoopee cushion yeah i have no idea what that like a fallout whoopee
cushion or something what the hell it's like i don't know you have to put it out because there's
like a tag on it a mouse pad for eve online shattered shattered crystal dot com combat arms
world of tanks all right so like a little mouse pad let me look oh take it all out rob they
actually had a tank it out take it out yeah whip it out rob there's a lot of there's a lot of like
postcards and brochures and things yeah maybe some codes in here just dump the bag out because
i don't want to do that because i have to put it all back in the bag lazy some stickers yeah
there's sort of thing is that a tattoo what is this air mac oh it's like a business card little
qr code all right cool oh there's like one thing that i got at the harmonics harmonics
panel let's grab that thing let's see a chain sort of thing uh-huh holy crap this thing's heavy
yeah what the hell is this it's a weird dance central chain thing oh that's like oh my you
can wear the chain like they wear in dance central that is fucking hilarious i love that all right so
how do yeah unfortunately i could only stay there pan off like 10 minutes how are we going to give
away this bag of crap this week i need to think of something all right um how about we make a forum
post and i'll make a forum post after the show because i want something the podcasties can
participate in too i want the live listeners and the podcasties have a chance at it so we'll say
we're going to do a forum post and we'll do something about if you're not going to packs
this year what are you going to do instead or something i don't know i'll come up with something
and we'll have a question and we'll pick one random answer on the forums and give away bradley's
bag of crap from packs and you won't even have to pay shipping shipping will be covered by olr
because we're generous and kind there you go i'm looking in our chat room at uh live dot vog
network dot com dj morpheus says f you to not hearing bradley he's just he's just a quiet guy
he's just soft-spoken he's not as loud and obnoxious as the other rest of us right dark
sakura what exactly excuse me you did not oh yes i did all right uh oh girl no dj morpheus says
is it a bag of shit kind of but dude dance central chain all right monty bog says i didn't even know
vog had a forum i fail that's the point of the contest see what i'm doing i'm driving traffic
to the forums get it get it maybe we'll throw in another prize or two all right so win bradley's
bag of shit from packs featuring dance central chains and whoopee cushions uh enter on the
forums after the podcast goes up tonight live listeners keep an eye out on the forums at vog
network.com all right let us move on some folks in chat talking about e3 swag not anymore e3 swag
that's that was e3 circle like 2003 now it's all go on our website here's a business card with a
link to our website here's a qr code to scan to get on our mailing list they don't really give
away stuff anymore when the when the economy got tight those are the first things to go sorry to
say okay loki new stories hey it's been a it's been a show where we haven't mentioned the uya yet
so let's mention the uya god damn it it's all right hey there's good stuff so yeah they've
got a few things obviously they um they're kicked and stars running through i believe this week i
think it ends this week and uh they've added a few things including you can get a special edition
console if you pledge 140 dollars um and it's slightly darker metal i kind of like it but i'm
not going to pledge any extra money um also shadowrun online has been confirmed to be getting
uya support i'm assuming that's of course if they hit their kickstarter goal um final fantasy 3 is
going to be one of the launch titles for um the uya which is kind of interesting of course that
was just recently released on android but they will be doing a version for the uya um kind of
neat and then um also i heart radio has been confirmed as one of the apps on there and then
there's a game called offensive combat that's getting a port to um uya as well that's um
kind of like a call of duty type of game first person shooter so neat
neat indeed i guess i'm still waiting for the uya to hit the shelves that's all but i their
kickstarter is doing very well yeah i just got some of the backings you know people backing
this square enix is kind of interesting now it's all about will it come out on time it's the
countdown his is beginning because now aren't they offering like limited edition colors and
well it's more expensive because it was it's going to be a limited run and so because they're
producing less units it's going to cost a little bit more all right one more news story for you
guys tonight and then the skype line at one eight seven seven game olr or our username on skype
orange lounge radio opening right after this story and this is one of those wow i uh i'm not
sure i believe this is happening but it's happening a new game coming out for the we
note that's not weu it's the we and it's happening on september 14th andrew lloyd
weber's musicals sing and dance coming out on the we i think i know who's putting this out
september 14th who i think it's um oh god now i'm gonna forget it's not city interactive um
uh oh games oxygen games is the one putting this out because they had well they had a game called
everyone's singing dance and i believe that they picked up licensing now for this if i were to
guess interesting because and and you know kind of a similar story you know why you know how they
have that marvel universe or marvel avengers game that's coming out that kind of looks a little
similar to that um ubisoft uh fighting game that has like another superhero game well that's
actually the sequel to that because it was just going to be uh power up heroes 2 but then they
got the marvel licensing so they skinned it all right i want to talk about andrew lloyd weber
though this game is coming out september 14th 32 classic hits from 13 musicals you can sing and
dance to don't cry for me argentina from avita superstar from jesus christ superstar and all i
ask of you from the phantom of the opera i'm sure that's in there too here's my question you dance
to that the game is called sing and dance exactly how the fuck do you dance to any of those songs
i've seen cats and all she does is shuffle across the the stage and pose a lot or i think of madonna
in don't cry for me argentina what did she do she was in the balcony with her hands yeah or you
we take the wiimote with your hands and point to the subjects don't cry for me argentina it's like
good lord i still kind of want to buy it and have loki play it on the show
it would be interesting to do a whole segment of drunk people performing the musicals yeah
poor andrew lloyd weber because he doesn't know about how bastardized his musical songs
are about to become i i love the phantom of the opera that's it's a great musical i've seen it a
few times the sensitive side of loki have you seen the movie that came out a couple years ago
yeah i did see the movie i went to the theaters to see that it wasn't bad huh i liked it i mean
it's a great it's a great opera i mean i've seen uh wicked was good i even i even got dragged to
a light in the piazza which is i have fucking no idea something about the pia it is some italian
opera that i got dragged to today i learned loki's kind of into musicals
i'm not really into musicals i like fam of the opera and i like wicked i would love to see spam
amusement but or not spam music uh spam a lot i have a soundtrack to spam a lot i freaking love
it spam a lot yeah the one that i have has um uh tim curry as king arthur tim korean anything
awesome i was given very bad news oh black wolf's got a good point book of mormon i'm sure as well
avenue q is great too but um one bit of sad news i got this week thanks to ssj100 matt you jerk
sister act is closing on broadway at the end of this month really you're surprised a little bit
it didn't win tony's it's gonna tour though it's gonna tour so my i just i'm gonna say a little
prayer that that's just you know pun intended that sister act will end up in san francisco
for sacramento how can it not you never know it might we got the lion king well now we have that
was it now not only do we have that now but they have the kind of the the off-off
off-off-off-off broadway stuff now so they have like you know the three stages which is in our
like fulsome they've got uh davis and stuff like that yeah like music circus sort of yeah but they
do they i mean they do like a family friend and stuff a family friend their little girl was in
little orif and annie and i think that was the last musical i went yeah they they did the lion
king i just don't know you know is that the same lion king or are we seeing like high school
production of the lion king okay tiger claw and chat says but the costumes for the lion king
musical are crappy though okay you and i clearly didn't see the same production like you must have
seen community theater lion king because the the the costumes and the puppetry and all that's what
it's all about what about you don't have good costumes the lion king what about screwed evil
dead the musical that would be awesome too that exists i know that's why i did it in san jose 1877
game olr or a username in skype is orange launch radio if you want to give us a call right now or
loki and i can just sit here and talk about musicals it's cool loki do you have any other
last minute stories before we uh uh there was some stuff about uh there's another kickstarter
project that's going on it's cool it's for the head head heads up display it's a uh virtual
reality display that's being backed by like id software and stuff like that so that might be
something hold up i never realized your picture was on the ernest klein.com website yes it is
somebody linked it in chat and my favorite is that your face you're so oh i was so pissed off
at that fucking thing i i purposefully thank you for linking that thank you there's another one
on there that i look tired because i was playing uh there's one for the toy atari choice or the
2600 game from gate one i was number 159 so you can look up the picture for that too all right
we got a million calls coming in i need to get some calls hi you're on orange launch radio who's
this oh hi it's panaxium panaxium what's up oh hey i actually finally got through how about that
long time listener first time caller uh yes my favorite well welcome to the show
oh thank you and i love your little skype icon that is the best squirrel in the universe
is that like the epic iron man squirrel i wish it was a video show sometimes so you all could
see that because that's cracking my shit up all right panaxium what what's your favorite
phone call tonight what's on your mind oh well actually i just uh got done playing a game
recently that i think is awesome and i don't know if you guys have covered it before
it is uh insanely twisted shadow planet i've i've wanted to play it i i bought it and i
don't think i've played it yet i bought it i haven't finished it yet but i did i it was
one of the closest like super metroid s games i've played in a very long time that actually
kind of like took me back to how good like outside of like castlevania right like took me back to how
freaking good super metroid was like it really kind of took me back to that but then i got to
admit i don't know if you know this like where do you where are you from panaxium uh colorado
okay colorado do you have del taco in colorado yes okay del taco did an insanely twisted shadow
planet promotion and i was like what no way really yes it was like buy a taco get an insanely twisted
shadow planet cup and i was like i have never heard of this call of duty was unavailable
yeah it's not there anymore but it was it was it was and it was it was like six months after the
game had come out like it was so fucking random google it or something i don't know that's really
weird but uh yeah i was just calling because uh i thought that game was just amazing i loved the
art style of it uh-huh and uh just the gameplay just kind of like you said it took me back and
i was like wow they just don't make games like this anymore well i guess they do because it's
out so did they ever do the dlc for that i heard there was supposed to be dlc coming out but i
don't remember reading about it uh i don't know actually huh yeah looky yeah dlc came out for it
oh did it yeah oh good and i know it has some multiplayer stuff but i actually got a chance to
try it i think it's on steam too maybe or they have a pc version yeah there's like a pc version
now the original one was on xbox live arcade but that's that's awesome so yes yes i am familiar
with insanely twisted shadow planet and it's a good pick yeah definitely anything else on your
mind tonight buddy uh no just uh wanted to pop in and say hi because i've been meaning to call into
you guys for quite a while and just never get around to it you have a wonderful voice well hi
you should do radio thank you why you're welcome you just made him blush a little bit dark sakura
she hasn't talked to the callers often she's a little stuck up but i am not i'm just i'm judging
you a lot right now all right y'all can't see it on the radio but i'm giving rob the look of
judgment should i get the people's court theme up again i'm just kidding i'm just kidding i'm just
thinking up again all right oh boy panaxium thanks so much for the call and uh glad glad we can make
it blush oh well i'm honored all right take care buddy bye bye you're gonna flirt with all the
colors tonight no i'm not flirting with the call rob i compliment people on things that deserve
complimenting and he's got a very nice voice just saying not garris level okay well thank you for
thank you for bringing us back down well you're not garris but you're all right i'm sorry that's
an amazing voice actor let's go to another call hi you're on orange launch radio who's this
what's up it's travis guys how y'all doing hey travis how you doing now you're not travis donovan
no i'm travis that just emailed about uh mass effect and all my other i like you yeah yeah
i'll tell you what that's not flirting what did you just say i like you absolutely phenomenal you
know i started it probably twice or three times on the xbox 360 and i never wanted to play it
because i just could not get into it and y'all were just talking about games that you play once
and you're just like i can't i can't do it and i i just played it on my pc and i absolutely
love it like unbelievable have you gotten it oh i got chills right now i'm talking about it do you
cheat like i do do you cheat like i do how do i what do you mean console god no i'm playing on
the pc right now i know so am i and i am fully cheating you can do this hacks thing where you
can like hack the game for god mode and all that stuff kind of like the you know the old school
shooters where you could be invincible idq and all that stuff no i'm not doing anything like that i
just played it through and like i said i was just going with my gut feeling on everything that i
said and i was i was actually a complete asshole in the game and and the whole like oh what do you
want to do with the council at the end and i'm like yeah screw them kill them yeah exactly i'm
just after sovereign but no um i got i got two other things about it though uh you guys were
just talking about musicals has anybody or have any of y'all seen uh video games live because
it's coming i'm in florida yeah and it's coming to uh st p and i'm so excited to see it it was
a long time ago maybe um maybe dark long long ago no no i'm saying uh maybe dark tetsuya who is like
the olr historian will know the episode number but we actually had tommy talarico on the show for like
an uber interview like 45 minutes long he actually announced that first soundtrack cd on our show
so it was a while ago i mean that was that was some time ago but yes we not only had tommy on
the show of several years ago to pimp it the first time but we went and saw it in oakland
and it was really epic especially when master chief came out with the flag would y'all like to
hear a true story oh video games live was the first time i ever met alan in person oh other
than camp well i need another 45 minutes to get into that but let's just say in our adult lives
yes so this is funny anyway sorry yeah that no that's really cool because i mean i've been
wanting to see it for years and i i've got a spot on my account and i listen to like the the albums
on there and i'm just so stoked that it's coming back to florida again i can't wait to see it but
my my other question was is have you guys heard about the game or it's a mod for arma called or
arma 2 it's called dayz yeah has anybody gotten into that or what is it all about because i'm a
huge walking dead fan and it reminds me so much of walking dead it's ridiculous um i haven't really
gotten a chance to play it because i'm still trying to figure out how map date or uh arma's
controls to my xbox 360 controller i've gotten close but it gets complicated um but apparently
it's very just it drops you down you have you know you have to go find resources and um you know
there's random groups of people walking around doing weird things like kidnapping people and
you know of course you're fighting zombies but it's more about the crazies that are out there too
which are all real people and that's and that's what i've heard and i i'm trying to like i guess
wrap my head around the point of the game because i it seems like the point is just to keep your
character alive as long as possible which seems kind of creative pretty much yeah and uh by the
way according to misty the other olr historian how dare i how dare i give that crown to only
one person because misty just came in and snatched that crown by saying episode 285
what was the tommy telerico interview thank you misty i'll have to try to look it up then um
yeah right right right now i'm playing through rage which everybody's told me to play through
and i it's good i guess it's kind of like a linear fallout in a sense now now's a good time for that
with quake con in the air and all that stuff it was just on yeah that's what of course i'm a
steam nut so i picked it up on steam for like 10 bucks the other day so i was like yeah why not
quickly before i let you go because i do have to get more calls but quickly since you said you're
a steam nut how do you feel about the new uh end user license agreement and the waving your right
to a class action lawsuit you know i don't i don't mind honestly they've been so good to me over the
years and i've had an account forever so it's just like i really don't care fair enough i'm not
a too happy type person so i mean it's just like yeah whatever it's it's cool with me all right
now dark dark soccer once once what's this all about you want a private message from the caller
just because i was going to show him my fem chip oh okay all right message this is why i like playing
on pc dark soccer was take this conversation offline so uh all right take care buddy thanks
for calling all right bye bye i'm gonna call him since obviously he doesn't want to give his real
last name on air we'll call him other travis so other travis all right uh i should have got his
whatever his chat name was assuming he's in chat we do have another call it's the phones are
lighting up tonight hi you're on orange launch radio who's this freaking sound shapes is fantastic
hi shane how are you freaking sound shapes is fantastic all right what do you want to say to
that person who emailed a minute ago asking about sound shapes freaking sound shapes is fantastic
tell me more why is it fantastic it's a music game that is like a cross between a crappy boring
platformer and little big planet but with music wow that does kind of sound like the perfect game
i do love little big planet and i do love music games hmm exactly um and playstation blog put out
a video sometime this week showing uh i forget he's some head honcho guy making a stage in like
seven minutes and it's one of the coolest things i've seen in a long time i do like those creation
games do they do you know yet is it like easy to share like the stages is it like i mean is it
like easy like little big planet or or that i'm not sure i would hope so um because i want to
make a million levels dj morpheus in our chat room says it shapes with sounds exactly exactly
um it's got a charm to it though that makes me feel like i'm playing you know one of those like
really retro style games kind of like vvvv or something like that which i i really all these
games i love you're doing that on purpose to try and get me to be a fan it's not hard like i've
played it i played it at e3 and then i played it at a work thing and i spent like a good 30 to 40
minutes at the work thing just playing sound shapes there are all these other games i could
play all right i will buy i will order it on amazon tonight are you happy i think it's download
only so good luck with that just order through your vita oh or or is it isn't sound shapes on uh
the playstation 3 2 i think it was also ps3 oh really yeah you can get a discount apparently if
you're a psn and you pre-order it um a psn plus member i am a psn plus member i know so am i
excuse me and i have holy shit i have a 20 dollar playstation network card that i got today so i'm
going to pre-order how did you get a 20 dollar playstation card today you ended work a couple
days ago those i didn't get discounts on those so no i'd cancel the pre-order and put that towards
guild wars and this i got you all right so no no i'm sorry i'm sorry i'm just i'm searching amazon
right now to see if it is something that's retail or if it's download only but it looks like
nothing's coming up on amazon so yeah best buys website had it and it said it came out may 31st
2012 i was like that's not right that's not right that all right but i'm excited for it it's but you
need to watch that video though so now there's going to be luminous and sound shapes and then
dj max is coming out which had new videos out this week too and it's like i can't handle all
the amazing music games on my vita it's just too good all right fair enough all right anything else
before i let you go um more people need to call in about mass effect because it's fantastic all
right we'll try our luck with one more call all right every did seriously did how how much did
you smile or laugh when that last guy called in just to talk about how now now we've passed it
on we got him hooked on mass effect that's it needs to happen more often like i didn't listen
to the show earlier because i was playing other stuff but um i saw that i wasn't the only person
on your question of the week that said mass effect so i was kind of proud all right all right take
care buddy that let you go bye all right let's try to get a couple more calls there's just we're
getting slammed tonight hi you're on orange on this radio who's this
hey this is excellent hey excellent how you doing hi hey doing good wicked and rent for musicals
for me those were my two favorite to have soundtracks too so
but no uh for the record tonight was because i've been playing the last few days in the
course um some of our other friends have too was the kingdom hearts 3d uh dream drop distance uh
or 3d ddd as i like to shorten it to call it um it's been a really great game i really enjoyed
it it's been a lot a lot of fun it's really short but it's really fun though so
it's really taking a lot of the old stuff and tying it back in and making it so
um when three comes out at least it will bring the storyline up to that of part three
um did you get to try on world yes i did how was that that was a lot of fun i i really enjoyed it
that's um it it's it's very unique in its own way so i i really did enjoy i'll i'll
i really did enjoy a lot of it and how they're splitting the storyline up between riku and sora
so um let's see what else i was gonna ask about uh kingdom hearts oh yeah there's this funny
facebook post and maybe you saw it too that was like kingdom hearts explained and it's this really
complicated tree of relationships and it really did make me think like damn kingdom hearts really
is kind of like a it's a really complicated game and it was aimed at kids well it's because of the
different ways it branched out i mean you had you had um of course you had kingdom heart one you
had kingdom heart two you had the um you have recoded you had a chain of memory which chain
of memory was technically between one and two and then uh they branched out like these through the
little storylines and then finally with this one at least they're starting to take all the games
and saying okay here's the storyline between the games in case you didn't see like birth
birth by sleep was a prequel to everything and of course so it's pretty much was all over the place
but like i said before i like it how they they sat down with the game so far and they're pretty much
going through and tying everything together going okay this is the reason why this has happened
this is the reason why that one happened the way it did and this is the reason why this one
happened the way it did so it's kind of they're taking all the pieces tying it all together and
get ready for that big finale at the end hopefully so well i hope to hell it is kingdom hearts 3 i
got my fingers and toes crossed for tokyo game show announcement but then again we still have
to get through well they they did say they're they are making three which is really good
and it's just as to when oh who only knows and like i told you before i really hope when they
do they take their time they make sure they end it you know they they tie all everything together
and they end it in a way so we can go okay that was kind of cool kind of like with the whole mass
effect so is there one of them secret endings that gives you the extra scene that you know maybe it's
too soon to know but that kind of gives the big king yes there is i know that i just don't know
what it is exactly yeah but i hear it does tie in it's supposed to tie into that three so all right
well um before i let you go i just gotta let you know rant i wasn't such a fan of rent really yeah
i know i know a lot of people are into it but not me some people are some people aren't everybody
has their own you know all right well just like so i'll get hate mail for that don't worry all
right take care buddy all right man thanks appreciate it bye one of my friends growing
up was it turned into a total rent head and then when i told her later you know i saw rent i wasn't
such a fan she's like shun it's like what opinions people have them all right one more call hi you're
on orange launch radio who's this hey hey hey from the brooklyn studios it's dj rhonda s how you doing
i'm doing good how about you disappointed sister act was going to be my reason to come back to new
york city and now it's gone at the end of the month and there's no way i can afford to get
there this month well well stop sister act is your reason to come to new york when there's a
bunch of us here that love you i thought you i thought he was cool i thought i thought oh you
oh you're wrong rama rama rama raven simone uh seemed better sorry uh anyway uh actually and i
will say this too dragon khan was the other thing i was really trying to get to happen but
unfortunately it's not gonna happen i can't dragon khan i really i was hoping with the southwest sale
i could make it work but there's other priorities that's okay pax east 2013 we got to get the club
vog suite going that is a little more realistic because that'll be after the move so maybe oh
okay i'm holding you to it all righty all right what'd you really call and talk about tonight
besides giving me a guilt trip um something that was said on last week's podcast yes sir
yeah i think gabe newell is talking out of his ass and this is the whole windows 8 thing right
yes yes it is because i have been running windows 8 on one of my machines here and at work all all
you have to do is turn off the new metro user interface and you have the desktop back that's
it you mean to tell me this portly man couldn't figure out how to push a button to flip it over
to that i mean really and he's also complaining about microsoft is having their own windows store
i mean look apple has the app store uh linux this shows have their own different stores
it's open competition it's fair gaming i mean everybody has a choice he just needs to roll with
the punches so you're saying deal with it sunglasses falling damn right you're damn right all right
all right rom i gotta let you go we gotta wrap up the show hey it's all good that's all i need to
say uh you want to plug your show uh anime jam session this week will be our autocon 2012 con
report and it's gonna be quite a good one all right stay tuned tuesdays on vog when are you
guys going live is that still happening um i gotta do some upgrades on my machines and i gotta do a
run test then we'll go live i'm hoping body and no later by the end of september because there's
a lot of stuff i'm working on coming down the pipe and you know make it happen crack well
make it i'm hustling i'm hustling all right all right all right take care buddy you too stay
fabulous always all right that's gonna do it for the skype line tonight super sorry if you didn't
get through but uh you can always leave us a voicemail or you can send us an email mailbag
at orange lounge radio.com or join us in chat get your thoughts out there or send us a tweet i'm
going to try and read some tweets right now what i do on my ipad well i get my ipad let me check
in with loki and see if there's any last minute stories from loki um there's a whole lawsuit
between uh guitar hero or act i shouldn't say activision and gwen symphonic still going on
oh what's the latest on that uh they still want to sue them i the latest is no doubt has a new
single out it's not bad uh yeah so apparently uh apparently they are i guess um yeah they're
still wanting to uh find a lawsuit and um basically ideally they would uh like activision
to apologize and promise to never mistreat artists in the manner that they have been mistreated no
doubt and countless others um you know uh i don't know it's kind of like i don't care anymore
because guitar hero it's not coming out anymore so yes they will never do that again because
there's no more guitar it'll have a renaissance on the next watch it'll be out on the next platforms
don't you worry all right quickly some tweets let's get to a couple tweets from tiger claw
sends us some tweets uh quite a few here uh one of them is about the world of warcraft movie
and uh i do remember reading about this the world of warcraft movie apparently it's still happening
sam ramie's not involved anymore but there is a new scribe uh charles leavitt is the new scribe
of the world of warcraft movie that is the dude who wrote the seventh son um what else did he do
uh blood diamond wait hold on what is this wait okay yeah he did do the latest script
okay so the seventh son is the latest movie that's coming out sorry i read these live
i haven't read this article in advance before it was tweeted to me um warner brothers is putting
out that seventh son pick on october 18th 2013 other movies he's written blood diamond the mighty
and k-packs i haven't seen any of those movies but blood diamond was oscar nominated right
it was oscar nominated for performance not for script it wasn't k-packs the one with kevin spacey
um yeah i did see that one yeah how was it was it well written it was all right yeah i think it's
well written all right so we don't know any details outside of that however they do say
legendary also has the mass effect film in development that is still a thing and that has
been kind of reaffirmed what the mass effect film no way yeah they're doing a mass effect film it's
supposed i was just talking about this earlier it's supposed to be based off the first game
but i'm it needs to be chick shepherd i'm you know what i i everybody's saying it's going to
be dude shepherd and i don't know if they made that announcement officially but i am i play a
dude shepherd in mass effect but for real i actually totally agree with you i think the
only way they're going to make the fans all of them happy is to do femshep in the movie and i
think it would be totally acceptable but at that point it's all about the casting if they don't
cast the right person as femshep and i don't know who is over by jennifer hale i don't well who who
could play femshep what actress would you be okay with playing femshep alice go to hell alice has
kim kardashian no no and more no all right i gotta pull this one up on the computer because tiger
claw sent us another link but it's to a video and it did kind of uh crack me up i actually saw this
earlier i think he or somebody else posted on facebook um and it's a guy getting a question
wrong on who wants to be a millionaire that you think everybody would know here it is now
apologies this is somebody shooting at their tv so he's going for the seven million dollar
question seven million dollar seven thousand dollar question well known to avid video gamers the key sequence up up down down left right left right be a start is a cheat code known as
what so everybody here knows that one right it's the konami code the capcom code yeah well that's
one of the answers well let me see if she reads them here seriously if you're gonna do a youtube
shooting at your television stop doing the dishes in the background it gets in the way did they
literally do a b c and you can't figure out what a was atari code b was bandai code c was capcom
code d was konami code g which one stands out derp derp coat well you know i'm not a gamer
let's jump this question please no problem so he used his lifeline called jump the question which
essentially allows him to skip it there it was but hey can i have the jump the question lifeline
now man i've ever watched that a long time it's like they got rid of the hot seat it's standing
now the game's all played standing like who wants to be millionaires like a totally different show
but meredith viera is still there that's the only thing she hosts now so anyway
one more tweet from osfer sent us a tweet hi guys i'd listen live but i'm going on space mountain
instead he's at disney world right now you butt so osfer you know you're a great guy i like you
but fuck you love olr that's gonna do it for tweets that's gonna do it for phone calls that
does it for last minute stories yes and that does it for the show but not before we get around to
get everybody's final thoughts before i do that i do want to say one more time thank you all for
listening to orange lounge radio and spending your sunday evening with us or your work day or
whenever you're listening to this podcast your commute or what have you we really appreciate
you supporting the show do remember we don't have a gigantic website behind us i mean vog's cool but
it's not you know the size of you know like a magazine's website or a game publisher's website
we don't have millions of dollars to throw away in advertising it's just us we rely on word of
mouth so please if you enjoy what you heard here at orange lounge radio please leave us a nice
review on itunes or uh tell some friends to listen to us on stitcher radio or you know through
whatever app they used to listen to podcasts help spread the word about orange lounge radio it's all
we ask and we hope you enjoyed the show and come listen live sometime sunday night at vog network
bradley i want to thank you very much for being here tonight i hope you uh enjoyed your first
show back in a while don't be a stranger okay all right all right you have any final thoughts for
our listeners uh no anything you want to plug not really all right well you think about that
next time you come back with something to plug and have a good road trip whatever you go on next time
all right um loki we'll go to you next your final thought tonight i really don't like jason steel
when he's done with the film cow channel i mean just do another charlie the unicorn not stop
trying to like kick start these new like series like hit it with a car or you know horseman or
something it's just not funny um my final thought tonight is i smell dinner and it smells good thank
you alan and then i got a yay and um naming your wow characters after mass effect characters it's
the hip thing that i need to make shakarian all right and dark soccer is that your final thought
or do you have another one for us garris all right thank you guys once again for tuning into
orange launch radio we will be back next week to do it all again i hear we have a special guest
again next week i think i can say jason's going to be back next week he hasn't been here in a couple
months so we're going to have him back looking forward to it more news really curious to see
what develops on twitter with loki and ernest klein i'm very excited to see what becomes of
that maybe this whole nightmare will be over in a week's time somebody will break that score all
they have to do is just drop the drop that game off the list of eligible games and we'll be all
all good it'll be just ridiculously hard challenge instead of ridiculously unfair hard challenge all
right if you're listening live at the vog network please stay tuned for the mars curiosity landing
special get a little bit of science fiction real life in your evening science reality science
yes science reality you said science fiction science non-fiction science non-fiction science
stuff bill and i would be blinded with science she by travis donovan up next have a good night
everybody we will see you next week you've been listening to orange lounge radio orange lounge
radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into vog network.com
sunday nights at 6 p.m pacific 9 p.m eastern the views and opinions expressed in this program
do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true see you next week
you
