Tonight, August 19th, 2012, we run down the news from Gamescom, the 3DS XL is released,
and the Neo Geo console is set to be released all over again.
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com, for this
August 19th, 2012, with the 470th episode of our program.
My name is Rob Roberts, I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about everything
going on in the world of gaming, and then some, with my co-hosts.
First off, say hello to DarkSakura, or Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you ma'am?
I'm sore.
Sore?
Yes.
What have you been doing that's made you sore?
Well, hey!
What kind of girl do you think I am?
A DDR playing girl?
Yes, actually.
Oh, okay.
We'll touch on that in a minute.
Alright, fair enough.
Say hello as well to Techmaster Loki.
Hi.
How are you doing, Loki?
Doing good.
What food won the, for those that play the home game of betting on what you bring in
for food every week, what won this week?
The Double Western at Carl's Jr., or Hardee's on the East Coast.
There you go.
Alright, oh, of course, the always present fourth guest on our show is you guys at our
chat room, live.vognetwork.com, and we'll be reading some of the comments from our chat
room throughout the night, so be sure to get in there so you can participate with us.
Just the three of us in studio, this is the first show in a little while, it seems like,
with no guests.
It's a little lonely.
It's a little lonely and sad in here tonight, and I don't know how we're going to top last
week's episode.
That was a pretty good episode, so we'll try though.
We'll bring our best C game tonight.
No, you know what?
We actually have some awesome things tonight that are-
We could point a webcam at my boobs or something, I don't know.
Oh, the webcam's in the other, no, you took the webcam, didn't you?
I did take it, and it works.
You confiscated it, so no booby cam tonight.
No booby cam.
Well, it's so unfortunate that your Dell million doesn't have a webcam built into it.
Oh, wait, it does.
That's true.
I do have my iPad.
No.
And the Ustream app on the iPad.
And I've made sure that the webcam stuff is disabled on my laptop, because I deleted all
the Windows shit and have the Linux shit, so.
All right, in all seriousness, we have some fun stuff going on tonight.
We have a soundtrack preview going on tonight, which is pretty cool, from the Darksiders
to Soundtrack.
And this is going to be both for the podcast listeners and the live listeners, thanks to
Something Music, S-U-M, Thing, but I'll talk more about that later on, but there's all
sorts of information on where you can get the soundtrack at our website, vognetwork.com.
Of course, the Voice of Geeks Network at vognetwork.com is the website where we tape our show live
for you kids every Sunday night at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after our
pal Bobby Black Wolf with his show, The Bobby Black Wolf Show, at 5 Pacific, 8 Eastern,
every Sunday.
And lots of other great shows at the Voice of Geeks Network as well.
Not just gaming shows, but shows about TV talk, like Critical Myth, and they do some
movies as well, British Invaders, kind of a similar thing, but with a very British twist.
Pod Culture is awesome, and Pod Culture's got something special tomorrow.
They're back with an all-new episode, they've been off for a couple weeks, but they are
talking to somebody who's publishing a series of books, and I'm not sure if I'm supposed
to give, I'm not sure if I'm supposed to say this, so a little preview, they're actually
doing a giveaway, so be sure to tune in and check that out at Pod Culture.
Lots of other great shows too.
Anime Jam Session, Girls Gone Wild, Hoard House, Hoard House is okay, but the rest of
the shows are great.
All right, let's see, we usually start off the show talking about our gaming weeks, but
we usually have a kick-off topic, and I thought I'd bring up something that's a little bit
recurring.
Crack!
What was the first time we talked about crack on the show?
No, no.
Two drugs, kids, drugs are bad.
So okay, y'all know we have a little bit of a history with Kickstarter, and kind of like
talking about that site, and we're not always a fan of a lot of the things we see on Kickstarter,
or at least I should say, I'm not always a fan of a lot of the stuff I see on Kickstarter.
Dark Soccer has not always been a fan of the stuff she sees on Kickstarter.
Loki has contributed way too many Kickstarters.
It wasn't that many.
How many?
How many?
How many's not that many?
It's at least five, right?
Six.
See?
Seven, I'm sorry.
All right, well here's the point.
I donated to a Kickstarter this week.
I actually finally joined the website.
I signed up for Kickstarter.
It was to expand the Mantis website.
No, no.
Heck no.
Oh, make that nine.
Sorry.
Nine Kickstarters?
Suddenly, this week...
You know, you can just take that money and give it to me, and I'll put it to better use.
This week from maybe five to nine?
Well, there was some I forgot.
I forgot, you know, I forgot about those playing cards.
And they're awesome.
They are.
Dan was like, wow, that's cool.
I forgot about the Megran thing, which I'm still waiting on.
There's apparently the comic coming too, but you know, it's still coming, and then Shadowrun
Returns.
Shadowrun Returns would be awesome.
Can't wait for that.
But yeah, so I actually donated to a Kickstarter this week.
I even went so far as to donate $180 to this Kickstarter, $180 to this Kickstarter.
Cue dramatic chipmunk or prairie dog.
There's nothing like a meme from five years ago to lighten the mood.
I gave 180 bucks to the GamerCon Kickstarter, the G-A-Y GamerCon Kickstarter.
I think it's a great idea, and I can totally see where being a startup event, they really
need the money to be able to reserve the venue and do something big, and it's been great
promotion for them.
And you know, as somebody who's a gamer myself, it's something I want to support.
So Alan kind of made it known that he wouldn't mind going, and I wouldn't mind going.
So if I'm going to do this, I'm going to do it big.
I don't do anything half-assed.
So I threw down for VIP passes for both Alan and I, which sent me back 180 bucks.
So yeah, there you go.
I donated to a Kickstarter.
You going to judge me, anybody?
Dark Soccer, you want to judge me?
I'm totally not judging you, but that means I can start my Kickstarters to support me
while I write a book.
I'll give you 50 cents.
What will that get me?
It'll get you a fart.
No, but I know there's a lot of people that are like, why does there have to be a GamerCon?
Does that mean there's going to be a StraightmerCon, and you know, just kind of all this.
Well Straightmer doesn't have the same ring to it, whereas gamer sounds like-
Heterocon or whatever it is.
It's not that-
If I can get the boobies in there, that'd be kind of cool.
Here's the thing-
I bet there is a BoobCon.
I'm going to look for it.
Here's the thing.
Okay, BoobCon is every other gaming convention, and there'll probably be some BoobCon at GamerCon.
Let's not forget the lesbians.
There is a BoobCon.
I think that's-
Oh, it's a Facebook utility.
The whole thing is, is that, you know, I like the idea of having this event and to bring
gay gamers together, because I've met a lot of really cool people.
One of my really good friends I met at a gay gamer event in the Bay Area, and we're friends
to this day.
My friend Spike, who is one of the co-hosts on the Game Buoy, we met at like one of those
gay gamer parties, and you know, it's not that straight people are forbidden from coming.
In fact, I'm sure DarkSakura is going to pre-order as soon as she's got them, as soon as she
has her Kickstarter funded, she's going to pre-order a ticket to GamerCon, right?
I'd go.
Yeah.
I don't know that I'd be able to afford, you know, $90 tickets.
You're not going to be shunned because you have boobies, and you're not going to be shunned-
I'll just wear a shirt that says HAG.
But here's the other thing, is that, you know, obviously, I don't know how far I want to
go with this controversial topic or whatever, but in the gaming culture, you know, a lot
of times gay guys and ladies have to put up with all this garbage we hear on Xbox Live
and, you know, FAG, FAG, FAG, and it's not like we're alone, there's a lot of like racist
stuff that happens, there's a lot of like really, really bad things that happen on Xbox
Live.
Why do you think I only play with you guys?
And everything negative usually has some type of connotation to like, oh so-and-so's a fag,
ugh.
It's because the people that play on Xbox Live, and actually just a lot of people that
play games nowadays online, are very unintelligent and young.
I know that for a fact from the modding community, that I talk to these people directly, and
it's like, can you guys compose an actual sentence without sounding stup- or like, seriously,
can you compose a sentence that actually makes sense, that doesn't have like any sort of
complete misspellings of everything?
But here's, here's the other part that I think a lot of people ignore.
And that is that, as a gay guy, there's a lot of judgment that happens in gay culture
as well.
I know, that might be shocking to you, but sometimes as a gay gamer, I don't wanna s-
I don't wanna sound like, oh poor me, or I've had a tragic life, no, I've had a great life.
But I have faced sometimes, you know, in the gay culture even, people like, oh, you s-
play video games all day?
You mean you don't like, you don't like to, uh-
Accessorize?
You don't like to go to concerts, or you don't listen to such and such artists, or you don't
read such and such blogs, or you know, a lot of those types of things.
Shun!
Exactly!
I ha- I, I know this might be a thing I'm not supposed to say, but it's true.
I have faced some of that in the gay culture.
So it's tough sometimes, because you don't feel like you fit in column A, you don't feel
like you fit in column B. So, I think there- it's, it's really awesome that there's a lot
of people raising their voice, thanks to, you know, the internet, that feel like they
kind of don't fit in these columns, and having a convention to just celebrate.
We're here!
And it, there's- I don't, I don't think the, the con exists to make a statement, or the
con exists to, uh, further the cause, or whatever.
I think the con exists to have fun, and that's what I plan to do.
I'm just gonna have, I'm gonna have a gay old time, and gay isn't happy.
I'm gonna have a gay old time.
It's gonna be a good time.
Well, I mean, the only other equivalent is YowieCon, really.
And YowieCon exists.
And that's more for girls.
I think GamerCon is just for, for anybody that just wants to have fun.
Sounds- In a supportive environment.
Great.
And besides that, you were talking about columns?
Fuck columns.
That game was shit.
No.
No, no, no.
I, I think that the moment we can move past labels and pointing fingers is why, you know,
when anyone says, well, I have this, or I am this, I'm like, um, you look like you're
a human being to me.
Act like it?
Mm-hmm.
So, yeah.
So.
Anyhow.
I mean, this is what I'm just talki- oh, sorry.
No, go ahead.
I was gonna go to some chat comments, but go ahead.
This is what I was talking about, about people that can't fucking complete sentences.
Okay, this is the guy that I'm talking to right now, I'm working on some Grand Theft
Auto mods, okay?
Did you, you know, just let her you get it to work, okay, that makes sense.
How about this one?
Should we take thing away?
Um, okay, just let me know, because trying to get it by today, um, okay, that is fine,
what do you thi- what do you think it is?
And just let me know when you get it to work.
Oh my fucking god.
How is Babbie formed?
It's like, seriously, it, ugh.
Let me go to some comments from our chat room at, uh, live.vognetwork.com, where we have
plenty of folks in chat participating live with us tonight.
JV Mon wants to know, where is GamerCon anyway?
They haven't picked a venue yet, it's gonna be in San Francisco, they've said that much,
but we don't know what venue, I mean, that could be a lot of different places, that could
be a hotel, they could do it at the Hilton, they could do it at the Moscone Center if
they get enough money, I don't know where they're gonna have it yet, um, so, more to
come on that, but it will be in San Francisco somewhere, uh, Acidic Vamp- which is another
reason why I wanted to go, is that, you know, San Francisco's only a two-hour drive for
me, I could drive in and out every day if I wanted to, but I have some friends in the
city, like Grandpa from Hoard House I could stay with if I wanted to, um, Acidic Vampire
in chat says, to find more gamers, because- G-A-Y-mers, because it's like a needle in
a haystack sometimes.
Uh, Raginator says, sadly enough, when someone proclaims that they're a gamer to someone,
the other person immediately pictures a fat, balding, middle-aged slob eating Cheetos in
their mom's basement and never goes outside.
Hey, I like Cheetos, just for the record.
Ew!
But ex- but no, I mean, exactly the point, is that, you know, there's kind of these,
like, stereotypes, and it- it's throughout all of our cultures, so.
And speaking of Cheetos, you know what's wrong with Cheetos?
Is they have those giant Cheetos.
I mean, really, the Chee- the cheese powder to whatever else Cheetos are made out of ratio
is just fucked up by that, I mean.
So Loki, any chance that you would go to gamercon?
Probably not, because I'm not really allowed to travel right now, you know.
So- But what if you told- what if you told the
wife it was a gay gamer convention?
She'd laugh, she would get a kick out of that.
Yeah, she'd probably laugh at that, because- We should- we should try to get a panel, I
would love that.
Would she let you go if we had a panel?
Perhaps, yeah.
I think we should.
Totally get us a panel.
We'll see what we can do, I don't know.
And free tickets.
Alright, moving on.
Let's talk about the types of video games that we have been playing this week, and how
was your gaming week?
Dark soccer, you hinted at this a minute ago?
I played the ditter.
My leg- okay, this is what happened.
Alright.
That's dance dance revolution for the uninformed.
Yes.
I, um, was working at this place, and everyone knows I got laid off, but, you know, it was
very, uh, it was an amicable break-up, amicable break-up.
Um, I still got to go to the company picnic, which was at Goffland, on like some corporate
picnic day.
So, yeah, there were still a bunch of annoying teenagers, but it was okay.
Um, but, you got one of those little bracelets that let you get go-karts and a laser tag,
which I didn't do either, um, and get in the water park, which I didn't do either.
Um, but, uh, we just went in and had a good time, but, um, while we were waiting for lunch
to be served, I went inside to go play some DDR, because we also got 20 credits on one
of those little cards.
Um, well, there were already three credits in the DDR, so I'm like, I'll play them all.
It was on four songs.
So I played 12 songs back to back and decided that I'm going to finish out with Superstar,
because I- dammit, I'm not old, I can still do it, although I did fail Cowgirl, which
is very sad, because that used to be, like, one of my best ones.
Bang badoo bang.
I know.
But, and I made it through that, and by the time I got done, I felt like I needed to throw
up, because I was hot, and I hadn't done anything strenuous like that in a while.
And that's the point where you realized, I was in my DDR Prime 10 years ago.
When I weighed 30 pounds more than I do now, which is sad.
So anyway, I was- I went and had a good time at lunch, and I felt better once I ate something,
and, you know, had a good time, and my BFF Forever's Becky was there with the boy and
her hubby.
Hi, they're listening.
Hi, Ro.
Hi, Ro.
And it was, you know, we had a really good time, and Dan and I played copious amounts
of Tank Tank Tank, and there's this other game, too, that I-
Are you guys going to pick that up on Wii U?
Is it coming out?
Yeah, Tank Tank Tank's going to be one of the launch games for Wii U.
I don't know that we're getting a Wii U, but I fucking want that game, so maybe we will.
Okay, I'm trying to find the name of this game.
Okay, it's a Sega game called Let's Go Island, Lost on the Island of Tropics, and it's a
shooter game where you're on a- Oh, I saw that, yeah.
Yeah, where you're on a boat, and it's one of those quirky little Sega games, of course
I loved it immediately, and you play as this girl and the tour guide, and all of a sudden
terrorists are on your boat, and they're shooting sharks and everything, and then they get eaten
by the sharks, and then you're underwater being drug along by the-
You're on a boat, and you're fighting terrorists and sharks?
This game has everything.
It's great.
When you finish each, the boss of the first level is this huge manga squid, and you also
have to jerk your controller in a certain way to get past these little cut scenes.
It's pretty cute, but-
That sounds all sorts of like, how was that game called?
Yeah, well, I totally interrupted that.
It's one of their gun shooting games that was really awesome that I loved that was on
the Wii, and also in the arcade.
Freaking Sega, of course.
Anyway, so when you finish the level, though, it does a compatibility meter to see how compatible
you are, and Dan and I were 60%, but it's also funny when you shoot the same things,
it gives you this twin bonus, and you get little hearts and everything flowing out of
it, but I died at the second stage, and so Dan continued, and he made it a little bit
further, and then when you get less than 10% compatibility, it says you wouldn't sit next
to him on the bus.
I was like, wow, that's kind of cold.
And then I played more DDR, and Dan played with me, and he's like, I forgot how to play.
I never, ever saw Dan play DDR.
Dan used to play my Dreamcast one with me.
Fun.
He could, the hardest he could do was Dynamite Rave.
Dan was one of those guys who didn't want to admit he played DDR.
But the hardest thing that he could do was Dynamite Rave Easy.
So I picked that as the last one, because he wanted to play all the old stuff, except
for Burning Heat, which, you know, Gradius.
So we played all the fun stuff, and I kept him alive, and it was just really, we had
a good time, but by the time I got out of the car after we got home, my legs had started
to cramp up.
I was like, wow, how much jumping and running was I doing?
So I was like, I'm out of practice.
So we actually discussed this.
We're going to hook back up our JPS2 and start playing our DDR games again, because I've
got those dance pads that I got at the thrift store that were like three for six bucks,
and like one of them didn't work.
The other two did.
So we're going to start playing DDR getting home.
Good luck.
Thanks.
It's all part of the plan.
Now, I got to say, when I went to Golf Land a couple weeks ago, I was, I was depressed.
Everything was, everything was broken, too many people, hot, gross, not fun.
It was clean, shiny, and extra air conditioned.
The only thing I got a kick out of was the gigantic Tetris game.
I love that.
You can play the giant balls.
I also played more games, more games, because I'm still playing through Mass Effect 2 for
Becky with a Para Themshep and Garrus, totally Garrus.
I'm still playing through Mass Effect 3, which I'm still at the same part that I am, and
every time I load it up, I just get depressed and turn it back off, and I want to play more
multiplayer next week.
Does it involve Mordin?
No.
Oh, okay.
No, um, um, um, I already passed that.
I'm on Thessia.
Oh, okay.
Oh yeah.
That part.
But this time I'm taking Javok with me and not Garrus.
Garrus gets to stay home and not be depressed.
How considerate of you.
I'm very, very considerate of Turians and their sensitive natures.
Um, I have my fourth 85 in WoW.
Addict.
Dealer.
How many do you have?
I got my fifth this week.
Well, I got my four in last time.
I now have two druids at 85.
I'm on my way to my second druid, but so now that means I have, uh, in order, Arissa, the
mage, Rebecca Black, the paladin, Garrus, the shadow priest, and Sakurina.
So next in line is probably going to be, um, uh, the troll, a city vampire in our chat
room reminds us Leviathan is coming.
The DLC for mass.
I know someone's excited.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can't wait to check it out.
It's just, why does this all have to hit the same day?
Leviathan Guild Wars two and the big wow patch all hit the same day.
I think that probably 10 bucks.
I think the Vita patch is that day too.
I don't know.
We have a story on it later.
I'm not playing Guild Wars.
I want to check it out, but I, at least there's no monthly fee.
I know Guild Wars and one of those things I can kind of look at anytime.
Yeah.
But I mean, I've still got a, I'm probably, to be honest, not going to get, um, the well
thing right away, except, um, if I ever get paid for one of my projects, maybe I'll buy
it, you know, as a treat to myself.
It's just like while I still got other, other tunes to work on, like what's the point, you
know?
Yeah.
The thing that I'm excited about for a while is that I know this isn't courthouse, but
I'm excited that, um, all of the races are going to be available, like from the get go
for everybody.
Yeah.
That was, uh, yeah.
And that's not in our news role tonight.
Cause I was going to save that for courthouse, which is fine.
But yeah, the, the big news about, uh, anybody can play any race except don't expect to play
a Panda next Tuesday.
Pandas will unlock with Pandaria.
However, you don't have to have Mr. Pandaria to roll a Panda, but you will need to go past
level 85.
Yeah.
So, but I mean, it's still, I'm probably, cause I mean, I did temp work.
I have enough to buy the game and I'm sure I'll probably get it cause I'm still paying
for the shit till March, uh, tiger claw in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says
speaking of wow, I saw that Mr. Pandaria trailer.
The first thing that came on my mind after watching it, a bad-ass version of Kung Fu
Panda.
The trailer was released this week out of games com, the new world of Warcraft trailer.
It looked great.
The, the CGI was beautiful and you know, with all this talk about a world of Warcraft movie
and all this, it's like, just do that for 90 minutes would be great.
Although I have to say overall, I was a little disappointed in the trailer.
The reason why is that I would hope that the cinematic trailer for it would show like a
little bit of everything.
And there's so much beauty in this expansion in the realm of Pandaria and some of these
new five mans.
They don't really show any of that.
Like I wanted to see a rendered version of the temple, the Jade serpent and some of that
gorgeous stuff.
Well, I've just been looking at, um, at, uh, data dumps.
So for some of the, the internal stuff, you know, basically people just doing run throughs
of the empty temples and the dungeons and everything.
So this looks pretty neat.
Nice.
All right.
Before we turn into an episode of Horde House, let's let you finish up.
We'll move on to Loki.
Well, um, I'm also very pissed off at all the people nudging me on words with friends
and I'm about ready to delete it.
Yeah.
I'm getting that with song pop.
I'm kind of over song pop now.
Like it was fun for two weeks, but now, now I've moved on to another game.
I, and I can't help it and I'm glad I didn't pay for the game and I'm not paying for any
of it, but I still like draw something.
And the only reason I'm still playing is because I haven't paid for it and I'm not looking
at any ads.
So I'm all cool.
I have drawn some perverted shit in that game.
All right.
Loki.
Um, let's see.
I played Call of Duty, modern warfare three, a little bit of that and Minecraft, a whole
lot of Minecraft, um, getting bored with it again.
It's just like, I think the problem is I don't have a lot of people to play with and that's
really odd considering there's like so many people that bought the game, but, um, none
of my friends seem to be playing games that, you know, we can join in or whatever.
So I'm playing with my coworker and we're just like the map that we're on, we've kind
of explored everything.
I got to the point where I'm like, okay, fuck it.
I'm going to go ahead and start duping again because there's still a way you can do stuff.
So I duped a bunch of dynamite and just create a hole and I was like, wow, create a crater
board still.
It's like, may I interject one thing?
Yeah.
I saw one thing that made me love Minecraft.
It was this video that someone did and lined up explosives, everything that says I love
and when it exploded it said, but that's so mature.
I love it.
I love that.
That might be cause you know, dark soccer, if you've been listening to previous episodes,
she's not very, she kind of frowns on Minecraft, but I love that.
I love, butts may have cracked the door open a little bit to dark soccer getting on the
right crap.
It cracked the door.
I'm not saying it made me like the game, but it made me laugh like my ass off, like and
that and seeing people making giant pigs and like goombas and Mario and shit.
That was pretty funny.
You do realize I have a giant pig in my map that I have made.
I was talking about your giant pig.
Anyways, moving on.
I did happen to see like, for example, like something that was more structured to be kind
of fun, like with other people, I watched a kind of a, one of those, we play things
it was with the, machinima, I think they do that.
And it was a bunch of people playing, it's like a, like a survival type game where they
had to go out the store and survive.
They had three torches, a wooden sword, and a couple pork chops.
And just like, okay, last man standing, whoever gets back, you know, the last person to live
has to get back to the, you know, the safe house.
And then, you know, we'll score a point and it's the first person in the seven.
And that was really hilarious.
Like the Minecraft hunger games.
Certainly.
They have that.
They have that too.
But this is like, it was sort of like that.
But that looked like fun.
See, more of the structured stuff with like a lot of people, sounds like a lot of fun
with Minecraft.
In fact, when we first started playing, when it was like you, me and Bobby and then like
other people joining in, that was fun.
But now when it's just like myself and no one comes in, you know, to these worlds and
stuff, it just gets pretty boring.
I don't know.
I think that's why I kind of turned away from Minecraft in the first time.
I kind of checked it out.
Ironically though, I did also check out another Minecraft-esque game because it was cheap
and it was featured in an article I read.
It was Castle Builder Z.
And Castle Builder Z is on the Xbox Live Indie Games.
It is only a dollar.
Eighty Microsoft points.
So worth checking out for that kind of amount of money.
It's like Minecraft with your avatars, with really crappy looking graphics, I mean even
like crappier than...
I was like, Minecraft isn't exactly known for its, you know, graphical finesse.
It's like, you know, they made their own textures.
It looks like a bad texture pack on Minecraft.
But you have guns and you can craft weapons and stuff like that.
And it's zombies.
Would guns make you more interested in Minecraft?
Maybe.
And there's zombies.
Yeah, I understand there's zombies normally in Minecraft, but these aren't the zombies
that are in the regular Minecraft.
These are like, I'm gonna run at you at full speed and jump in the air and try to kill
you zombies.
And there's a dragon that tries to kill you as well.
It pretty much the whole game is like, very, very...
It's not...
I don't know.
It's kinda scary.
The sound that they have in there kinda sounds like one of those Halloween tapes or CDs and
stuff with all the Halloween spooky sounds.
But that's pretty much it.
And it's just like, I ended up barricading myself into a cave or something because the
first time out I was like, okay crap, you know, this looks like night all the time.
I mean, when it's daytime it's gloomy and lightning outside and when it's nighttime
it's dark but there's tons of shit running at you.
And so the first time I made the mistake of, oh, I forgot to get wood.
Crap.
You know, so I'm like waiting in there.
I'm like, okay, I better go outside and go try to punch a tree real quick and get some
wood.
Go punch a tree.
Only in Minecraft.
So I did that and then all of a sudden I get bum-rushed by a bunch of fucking zombies.
Or like, I don't even know, they were just something that was snarling and sounding like
a tiger or something but it looked like some sort of monster thing that ran at me.
And so I started firing a pistol at it and I didn't really do anything because I got
rushed from a few other sides at the same time.
And then it's like, okay, that was plain non-normal.
And then when you respawn it kind of respawned me close to where I was and immediately all
those mobsters, all the monsters that were right there just like crushed at me and I
died again.
I was like, crap, okay, so I got to do this differently.
Anyways, so I finally got it to where I'm like in a cave now and I've mined some stuff
and you start building weapons because you don't really have a whole lot you can build
in it because it is kind of a knockoff of Minecraft but you don't have like beds, you
can't sleep or anything.
And then there's, it always sounds like there's monsters trying to dig their way into your
tunnel and sometimes they somehow manage to get in there and I think on higher difficulties
they can dig through the tunnel and get to you.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's like, it's fucking creepy.
And they're like really silent too until they get up, like I was digging into the wall and
all of a sudden, like I noticed my screen turned red and there's a fucking skeleton
behind me.
It's just like, it's loud everywhere else but then I would have cried and throw out
the controller.
It's pretty, I think it'd be kind of interesting to check it out.
But yeah, 80 Microsoft points, I mean, it's a buck, come on and just try it.
If you want to try it, you know, if you play Minecraft, it's kind of fun, you know, you'll
get a dollar's worth of entertainment out of it.
And in general, don't forget about indie games.
Don't forget about Xbox indie game.
There's a lot of fun stuff on there.
It's not bad.
I mean, Castle Miner was one of those series, it was one of like two or three series that
were on indie games that were kind of mimicking Minecraft for a long time before Minecraft
came out and they still do and they still sell all right.
But they're fun in their own right and it's four player co-op and you can play, you know,
online and stuff like that.
So it's worth it for like, I mean, come on, you probably have 80 Microsoft points sitting
in your account that's just leftover from rock band purchases or something like that.
So definitely worth checking out.
I mean, there's tons of indie games on there that we're checking out, but that it was kind
of fun.
All right.
Well, if you're done with your gaming week, I'll do mine real quick.
Not a lot of new stuff this week.
A lot of the stuff from last week, like sound shapes and World of Warcraft and so forth.
But I did play two new games.
One of them's a little herpy derpy.
I'll talk about this real quick.
It's an iOS game.
I've been playing it mostly on my iPad.
It's called Puzzle Craft, which might make you think it's Minecraft, but like puzzle,
but it's not.
It's actually nothing like that.
It's one of those free to, well, no, it's not even free to play.
It's 99 cents.
But then of course they charge you for all these upgrades in the game, like extra coins
and stuff.
You don't really have to do it.
The crux of the game is that you're building this town and you get all the materials to
either get food or get materials to build things in your town in this whole little match
game where you, like they call it match three in the description, but it's not bejeweled
at all.
It's like trace the consecutive line of like all the little pieces of grain in the puzzle.
Like try to trace it and then they all disappear and new stuff falls and kind of goes like
that over and over.
And it's one of those things that's just like so stupid that I'm playing this, but it's
addicting.
It's just cute and you have this little town of villagers and some of them wear chicken
outfits.
It's really cute.
So whatever.
There's that.
The other game I've been playing a little bit, just a little bit because it just came
out today is New Super Mario Brothers 2 on the 3DS.
I did pick that up today.
It just came out today, so I haven't had a lot of time to play it, so I can't give it
a full review.
I'll post something more in depth on vognetwork.com later this week.
Plug plug.
But how similar is it to New Super Mario Brothers?
It's pretty much the same damn game, but is that such a bad thing?
Well no, but at the same time it kind of feels a little bit like they didn't put a lot of
effort into it if it's pretty similar.
Well I mean there are some new stuff.
I mean especially with this I kind of think the whole like Mario's after coins.
I think it's it's a little bit corny, but some of the power-ups are neat.
Like I love the one that turns you into giant, although I guess that was in the previous
games too, but I was like ooh giant Mario.
And then you know the ones that have the gold coins where you can kick and it leaves like
a trail of coins and the fireball that makes all the blocks turn into coins.
It was kind of neat.
Really where the game shines, as it usually does, is level design.
I've played a lot of really well designed levels.
Halfway into world one you can, if you find it in the fortress, there's a, I'll give you
a hint.
You don't want a spoiler, mute your thing for 30 seconds, but here's a hint.
In the very first fortress there's a room that you go in with these green blocks that
spin around.
Look for an exit in that room that's not the main exit.
I'll give you that hint.
And you'll find yourself in the world mushroom world or whatever, which is kind of like I
guess like the secret world.
And the stages get a little harder, but like one of them was like really neat design because
the way the blocks were, you had to figure out like how you could fall through the blocks
to get all the coins.
It's kind of hard for me to explain without like showing you a visual, but just like the
way the blocks were, it looked like one solid block, but it's got all these lines in it.
So you had to, I don't know.
3D doesn't really add anything to the game, but that's okay.
I'm totally okay with 3DS games not whoring the crap out of 3D.
If you want the 3D stuff, go play Mario 3D Land, which you know did it very well.
But yeah, I liked it so far.
You know, I'll probably play it to completion and it's got some interesting street pass
things where you can play a sequence of three random stages and try to get as many coins
as possible.
And then you street pass to somebody else and you get their records, so you can try
to play the same three stages they did, even though it was randomized.
So it's kind of like, I don't know, kind of has that Mario Kart-esque competitive element,
which wasn't in any other Mario game so far.
So that is something new.
I'll give it that.
Kind of a little different.
I will get into this in the show a little later.
They're promising the DLC will be worth it, essentially.
So I'm curious about that, because again, level design is where these games tend to
shine.
Well, this is all they really need to do since the engine was done a few times.
Yeah.
I mean, I'll be honest in that regard.
If I'm going to razz the game, it's that it's really the first Mario game I've played in
a long time where I go, this really isn't original, which I know is weird because Mario
games are essentially all the same mechanic.
But think about it.
You know, in the original Super Mario Bros. and then there's Mario Brothers 2.
It's like, holy shit, this is totally different.
And then Mario Brothers 3 kind of went back more towards the first one.
But you know, Mario, if it ain't fixed, don't break it.
Mario World was like completely modes.
Yeah.
Yoshi and all this.
Then Mario 64.
Oh my God.
3D.
Mario Galaxy.
Oh my God.
The planets and everything is just different.
It's like the first one in a long time I've played where I'm like, yeah, okay.
It's pretty much the same thing as the last game with some coin grabbing elements.
That's the one bad thing I could really say about it.
Otherwise it's a Mario game.
Like what Super Mario Brothers game has been bad.
I'm not talking about spinoff game.
I'm not talking about like Mario is missing and all these like spinoff games.
What core Mario Brothers game has been bad?
Just straight up bad.
I don't even think Mario Sunshine you could say was a bad game.
I still think Mario Sunshine was great.
Mario Sunshine.
I mean, yes, it's a formula, but it's a solid fucking formula.
Go with it.
There you go.
I should go to the chat room, live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see.
Shayna Linko's in chat saying, I'm at a bit over 30K coins so far.
It gives me incentive to keep playing.
Yeah, the back of the box says something about getting a million coins and I guess you get
something special.
I don't know.
It's probably just all the levels backwards or something.
StartUpG says the raccoon power up is back.
That is true.
It's not Tanooki Mario anymore like it was in the Wii one or the last, no, the Mario
3D Land at the doogie.
It's just straight up raccoon Mario, just like you remember it in Mario three.
In fact, there's a lot here that's just like you remember it in Mario three.
Like you go to world two.
It's a desert world.
What a shock.
It's kind of a lot of the same formula.
Well it is the third new Super Mario Brothers game, so maybe it's new Super Mario Brothers.
Maybe it's not that new.
They should just call it well polished Mario Brothers.
Isn't that a little something, you know, it's like really you couldn't have come up with
a better name for the series other than, yeah, it's a new Super Mario Brothers game.
Interesting point from Dark Tetsuya.
Ironically, Mario two's original version, meaning the Japanese version, lost levels
here, right?
Wasn't too different from Super Mario Brothers one.
Just the level layouts and some of the little things they added cranked up the difficulty.
That's a great comparison.
You know, lost levels or Mario two in Japan really wasn't that different from Mario one.
Different graphics, a little different mechanic with Luigi's jumping.
Well, and Mario two that we got wasn't even a Mario game originally.
Right.
But I'm not talking about that.
I'm not talking about the whole, that whole thing I'm talking about.
Yeah.
Where they say, Oh, how innovative, how different.
It wasn't even a Mario game.
True, true.
But I mean, go back to the loss levels or Japanese two and one.
That's a very, I mean, I don't think loss levels is a bad game.
It's a really, it's a challenging asshole game.
It is.
And there's some asshole stages in this that I've played so far when you get into those
special worlds.
So let's see.
Tiger claw says the next version would be new, new Super Mario Brothers.
Very new Mario Brothers 2015.
Well, you know, what's funny here could be a band themed one because new Super Mario
Brothers, you too, you know, Oh yeah.
What up?
G reminds us.
Mario two had the poison mushrooms.
That was a little different too.
Okay.
But here's, here's the one tiny concern I have.
If I'm already looking at this game going, all right, it's cool, but it's not very, it's
not that original.
It's not as original as Nintendo wants you to think it is, but what's going to happen
when that Wii U Mario game comes out because these games are not coming out with a lot
of time apart between them.
What's that Wii U Mario going to bring to the table?
Isn't that going to be the same damn thing again?
It's the same thing.
But now with the gimmick that, Hey, look, a fifth person, because I don't know about
you, but I always have about five people in my living room wanting to play the Wii.
Oh wait, no one wants to play the Wii.
Okay.
So five people supposedly in this room playing the Wii U and one person is gonna be like,
Hey, I'm moving the platforms.
Look, I'm, I'm, I'm like, you know, I'm contributing.
It's like almost like that dumb person that you have in your room.
Well, it's like, you know what?
Billy's not going to play the game because he's too stupid.
He's going to keep dying.
So we're going to let him move the platforms up and down because that's all he can handle.
So five people to play this to its full potential.
Yes.
This game is going to sell like crazy in Utah.
Go figure.
So it's just, I, if someone even made it, I had to laugh because there was a comment.
It was a developer actually, uh, for those get trying stuff on the Wii U.
And they were saying, all Nintendo is trying to do is sell a, uh, TV size DS.
I'm like, we've been, he's like, why isn't anybody in the games pressing?
And they're like, we've been fucking saying that for months.
That's all the Wii U is going to be is just a giant DS.
He's all, you know, basically the D or the Wii U game pad works well at a demo kiosk.
But when you actually back it away from the TV, then you have to constantly look down
at your controller and stuff like that too.
It just doesn't really flow well.
Uh, alpha Kananagram in our chat room says sky.
It's going to bring in H fucking D. Okay.
I can respect that and all like I'm, you know, Mario and HD will be fine and all, but let's
be real.
New Super Mario Brothers is not the game I want to see in HD.
F fucking zero is the game I want to see in HD.
Hello.
Or even a new like 3d Mario game would be pretty awesome.
That would be awesome.
Yeah.
I'm like, that's, it's not exactly the greatest starting point.
Can you imagine a Metroid prime in HD imagine like a super Mario world esque game in 3d
like kind of like Zelda ish, you know, big adventure type game.
That would be fucking awesome.
Not new Super Mario Brothers.
You.
All right.
Last comment from chat and then we're going to move on with the show.
Tiger claw says, but by the way, new Super Mario Brothers two, does it take advantage
of the 3d?
How does the 3d look on a 2d plane?
I think I said this a little bit before, but it doesn't really use the 3d a lot.
I mean, it's pretty much the backgrounds on one layer.
I mean, there, there are some subtle effects, but, but that's okay.
I want to, I want to point this out.
Not every 3ds game has to whore the 3d like crazy.
I think this is a good thing.
It's the 3d is subtle and is not a game changer.
If you want a game that whores the 3d, but does it very, very, very well, go play the
Mario 3d land, because that was an original Mario game, despite the fact that certainly
it has a lot in common with Mario 64 and all that because the 3d brought some awesome elements
into it.
That game felt very original, despite the fact it was a formula at the end of the day.
So go figure maybe, maybe sitting next to Mario 3d land.
This game feels a little bit like a step backwards.
I don't know.
That sounds like a very harsh thing to say.
It makes it sound like I don't like gamers, but you know, cause three land was actually
pretty innovative and it was a pretty awesome game.
I don't know.
New Super Mario Bros, the first one was a pretty awesome game, but it's just, you've
done it now three times and you're going to do it again one more time and you haven't
really changed it up that much.
I mean, it's basically like, cause even before it was like, Hey, look, we created this tech
demo of the, the Miis running around in like this New Super Mario Brothers thing.
And that's, that was the Wii U tech demo.
And I'm like, that's just New Super Mario Brothers, but they have, you know, it was
just a tech demo.
And then guess what they did?
Cause they did this with all their fucking tech demos.
They turned it into a game.
It's like, Oh my fucking God, you didn't do anything.
You just, you just have four, you have four people running around in this game, just like
you can on the Wii version.
Oh, but there's a fifth person that can do shit for some reason.
I'll probably still get a Wii U.
I got problems.
I got problems.
Don't get it at launch.
We'll see.
We'll see.
There's nothing coming.
There's nothing.
Despite everything I'm saying, despite I look, I'm just going to admit it.
Despite everything I'm saying here and now about originality and all that.
The first time I play that New Super Mario Brothers Wii U or whatever in HD, I'm going
to be like, Oh, I want it.
And I'll have it cause I want it.
I'm not planning, I'm not planning on buying one.
I don't, I don't need that system.
I don't play the Wii enough.
I'm no.
All right, let's move on with some gaming news.
Oh wait, housekeeping, uh, visit us at twitter.com slash O L R or on Facebook, facebook.com
slash orange lounge radio.
And of course visit our network that we are affiliated, affiliated with and tape live
at the voice of geeks network or vog network.com I wrote a review of sound shapes so you can
check out.
That's there.
And there's some other, a book review went up last week of Stargate by a, the guy from
critical myth and lots of good stuff on the site.
So check that out.
Vogue network.com let's get into some gaming news.
Loki just, I guess tons of Sony shit coming out of games com.
Well there's like 20 stories and I'm like, you know what?
This is do them all.
Let's do them all.
Here you go.
All kind of tied to each other.
Well it's some non Sony stuff real quick.
Um, there was a game that Capcom kind of brought out of nowhere.
They're calling it kind of the, um, you know, the game of games com.
It was remember me, which was kind of cool.
It had a little bit of like you hack into people's memories.
Um, I always think of that fucking terrible movie with Robert Pattinson that had that
twist ending.
You remember that it was called remember me?
No cause I never saw it.
So I don't remember it.
It's terrible.
The twist ending is terrible too.
Yeah.
So it was like the watchdogs of game con.
It looked pretty awesome.
Okay.
So it's nice to see there's going to be some of these really big games coming out next
year.
That are original.
Our original.
Yes.
Exactly.
But Sony, Sony was kind of shocking cause they had a press conference during games con
and they actually had like a lot of new IPs that they brought out.
Um, just like, wow, you know, this is amazing.
So one of the games that they showed off was a puppeteer and puppeteer, um, I guess is
coming from Sony on or I guess, uh, yeah, Sony online entertainment and it's a new platformer
from a Sony Japan studios and it's very, it reminded me of, um, like clockwork night.
If you remember that from the Sega Saturn, at least that's what it reminded me of.
But it was very unique looking game, like kind of a platformer with this like puppet
looking animation, two different things, but it was pretty cool.
So they have that come out.
Um, another game they had was rain, which kind of reminded me a little bit of limbo.
Um, or even that one game, a loss in shadow that came out from Konami.
It's basically a PlayStation network game that's going to be coming out that features
these invisible, like an invisible boy who, um, can only be seen in rain.
Um, so you're wandering around this environment and stuff and solving puzzles based on, uh,
you know, this kind of invisible character, which is a kind of neat.
And then I don't know what I should think about this one, but until dawn, it's going
to be a teen horror movie style game that utilizes the move.
That actually sounds kind of awesome.
I hope, I hope this is night trap bad.
That would be awesome.
I think, I think the industry needs a good team, like the annoying parts of night trap,
like the watching the monitors.
Yeah.
The industry needs a game like night trap again.
Let's be real.
Time to resurrect.
Dana Plato.
Apparently you play as seven, um, different teenagers facing unspecified horrors in the
woods, you know, cause that's pretty much every horror movie, um, at least recently.
And then, um, one other thing they showed off wonder book again, and I've got to say
this presentation of wonder book was way better than the one that they did at E3.
It was shorter and they showed some new stuff, including not only are they going to have
the whole, you know, uh, book of spells thing, which looked okay in the new trailer, but
they have this new, um, they got a licensing with BBC's walking with dinosaurs, which looks
pretty awesome.
And digs night crawler, which is kind of a noir fairy tale type game.
You play this worm who's a detective solving fairy tale crimes, kind of sounds almost like
it could be a book.
You know, I think it might even be a book series, but, um, those will be coming out
later on.
Uh, I think right now wonder book is launching with books of spells and that's it.
Wait.
So does this mean you have, you have come full circle, full circle and you are a fan
of wonder book now?
I'm not a fan of it.
No, but it looks, it looks interesting for people that might be into that stuff.
Like I was thinking for, uh, the accounts I deal with, like ideal library chain or you
know, the old libraries in the U S and obviously this type of stuff would be good for them
or people that sell books.
But no, for me personally, no.
You know, what's making a comeback though that ain't got sh or that wonder book ain't
got shit on.
You know what?
You know, what's making a huge comeback.
Brace yourself for it.
Fucking reading rainbow is back.
Seriously?
Yeah.
It's like, I think it's like an iOS type thing now.
Like they're making apps out of it where it's not like a show, but it's like, cause LeVar
Burton pimping books better how LeVar Burton associated with it.
Like, okay, here's the thing.
Imagine if wonder book instead had been called reading rainbow, we would all be losing our
shit over it.
All they had to do is get LeVar Burton out on stage going, it's the shit guys.
We would have been like, take my money, take it, take it of the intro to this show.
I love that old logo too.
It's so eighties and gorgeous.
The only thing that pissed me off about reading rainbow is that the books were always checked
out at the library.
You try to go find the books.
They were always gone.
No one in Alabama reads.
Some other cool stuff, um, before all that they were showing media molecules new game
and it's just fantastically and it's a game called tear away.
It's on the Vita and basically the whole world kind of looks like paper.
And so a lot of the stuff you can do in there, you can actually interact with the game.
So like you can push your finger up on the back of the touch panel and you'll actually
see your finger coming through the screen, which is kind of weird.
Um, you can literally finger your Vita.
You can literally finger your via, yes.
Um, but it's going to utilize the camera in different motion based stuff and it looks
fantastic cause it's meeting molecule.
I mean, come on.
I'm sorry.
I'm just so glad the Vita's finally found a use for that back touch pad.
Now you can watch your finger go up the Vita.
Yep.
Yep.
You can.
Uh, they showed off a kill zone mercenary, which is going to be a new first person shooter
on the Vita.
Uh, look kind of cool.
They also showed call of duty black ops declassified, which I was very interested in picking it
up until I realized that it's the guys that made the last resistance game, burning skies
and that game sucked.
So probably not going to pick up this call of duty game.
Can we go back to the fingering thing for a minute?
A sitting vampire in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says someone's going to put their Dick on
it.
So what would happen if you put something besides it?
Stances like someone hasn't already, what would happen if you put like something else
on the back touch?
Here's the thing.
I don't really understand how it works because they're going to have, it actually is an image
of your finger.
It like utilizes the camera.
Like it captures that.
So yes, you would see a penis coming up through the back of the screen.
If you were somehow, or would your penis turn into a finger?
I don't know.
All right.
Well, I'm assuming it's not, I'm, that's a really big finger.
I don't know.
For some people maybe really small.
Is that your thumb?
Cause there's no way for the camera to capture the image of your finger, you know, on that
back touch panel.
It just doesn't, it's out of the scope of the lens, but I don't know.
I mean, let's say have you capture your finger, but I think that yes, that is your finger
look like a sea cucumber.
This is one of the great mysteries.
What will happen when you put your Dick on the rear touch pad?
Find out on the next OLR.
You'll make it, you'll make a mess.
I don't want to have that trade in system.
Yeah.
I played a lot of tear away alone at night.
There's too much penis.
Speaking of, uh, into windows, I guess ratchet and clank full frontal assault is coming to
the Vita as well.
You did that on purpose.
Rob's red.
Um, full frontal assault.
Yeah.
Not only will it be a full frontal assault on the Vita, but also on your PS3 and it's
going to be one of these games that utilizes this brand new thing to be announced, which
is the PlayStation cross by, which is awesome.
Cross by.
Basically you purchase a game on the PS3, you get the Vita version for free.
Fuck.
Yeah.
That's the way you do it.
I like, this is a great trend.
That sound shape started.
Exactly.
Um, another game that's got feature that I hope though, because this was a good point
that came up when Bobby was talking about this earlier on his show, I want it to not
just be digital.
That's my concern is that that would only be the deal if you get it digitally.
It's going to be digital.
I thought, Oh, but I'm running out of room on the PS3 and then I'm going to buy a bigger
hardware memory card, that's, that's the trick is that those stinking Vita memory cards are
so expensive.
They're not that expensive, but did they come down to price finally when they released the,
the prices of those aren't that expensive.
I thought it was, no, um, uh, another game that's going to support that as well is going
to be PlayStation all stars.
JV Mon reminds us in chat play pinball arcade on the Vita.
Does that too?
I have it on my phone.
On my phone.
I don't need a Vita.
Um, also another, um, game that's going to support that little big planet.
The DLC is also cross platform.
So if you buy, you know, any DLC you have now for a little big planet one and two, we'll
work with a little big planet Vita and little big planet carding.
So that's kind of cool.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
A little big planet carding I hope is one of those games too.
I think it is one of the cross buying games, so that's pretty sweet.
And then, um, PlayStation plus coming to the Vita as well and they're upping the cloud
storage to one gigabyte.
So, um, that's pretty sweet.
Also announced that, um, I guess Europe is going to be getting Red Dead Redemption, um,
free in September.
So that's pretty sweet.
Um, and then also PlayStation mobile.
They talked a little bit about that and talked about some of the launch games and there was
a big old trailer on there.
And one of the things I saw, I remember was Lemmings and I'm like, Holy shit, Lemmings.
But uh, that's going to be one of the games.
Uh, also they mentioned that, uh, PlayStation mobile will be compatible with, uh, Sony Xperia
phones, uh, also Vitas.
And then they revealed that, uh, the ACES and Wiki pad tablets are going to be getting,
um, PlayStation mobile as well.
And they're going to be adding stuff or different devices to that as well.
So that's pretty cool.
That's everything.
That's a lot of news coming out of Gamescom, but that makes sense because Sony has a pretty
big presence in Europe.
They've always done pretty well there ever since the original PlayStation.
So it's kind of exciting.
And then I'm assuming there'll be even more Tokyo game show.
Right?
Uh, probably that's pretty cool.
I'm really excited about the whole Vita PlayStation three crossover.
I'm glad that I'm like, I'm glad that I'll be able to do something with my Vita cause
I haven't really, I'm telling you sound shapes, sound shapes is a great, they should be pushing
it more.
It's, it's a great holdover game until they get some more stuff.
I wonder if that final fantasy 10 remake is going to be, um, buy one, get both because
they were pimping it for both systems.
Well it's right now.
It's been first party that's been doing that.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Technically it's pretty cool.
I mean that might get me the, by the PS three version of black ops two, maybe if it was
like that.
Although, like I said, black ops class of declassified, the fact that it's being done
by the guys that the resistance brings guys and the trailer just didn't look that great.
I was just, uh, made me sad.
All right.
Well in case you haven't heard the 3ds XL did release today, the suggested retail price
$199.99.
Although there are some deals out there, like I know Fry's electronics was selling it today
for $179.99.
Uh, so, you know, look around on the internet and all that stuff to see where you can get
the best deal.
Sadly, we don't get the Pikachu version here, uh, but we do get the red version.
I think there's a red and a blue one that came out here.
And of course new super Mario brothers two also released today as I already talked about,
uh, it's kind of the kickoff game for that console.
So there you go with the 3ds XL.
Just a reminder.
It is out.
Get the red one, put a Charmander sticker on it.
My big like concern about getting one of these right now is that again, I think I mentioned
this last week, they'll just turn around and release like a really beautiful color.
Like that purple, that purple 3ds is so gorgeous.
Like I wish that had been the launch color that they would have never had to do another
color.
That'd be great.
So I'm, I'm curious about the XL.
I've heard it's a good system, but at the same time, like I, do I want to pay 200 bucks
for a new one when I already have one?
I know.
I don't think I can justify that really.
So we'll see.
But it's out.
Dark Sakura.
Well, we do have some news on the corporate front.
I'll say, I'll, I'll put it in those words.
Who remembers on live?
I remember their big booth at E3 and nobody, like nobody thought on live was going to work.
And then they showed up at E3 and they were like, this works.
And everybody's like, holy shit, it does work.
Well, um, right now they're actually, uh, there was something going around about a sort
of bankruptcy going on.
And honestly, this article is really hard to read because all the texts has crossed
over and the HTML is screwed up.
Well there was so much and there was so much back and forth on this this week.
Like nobody really has a clear understanding what's going on.
Totally.
The coding on this is awful.
Just saying.
So anyway, basically they were saying that there was an acquisition of their assets by
a company as a sale.
Instead it has to do with like, um, bankruptcy protection.
They have, I believe, been acquired, but in, in kind of a different deal.
Well, you know what's different about it.
They won't say who.
Yeah.
That's the big thing.
It's not weird.
It sounded to me that they created their, like their own company, like they created
another company.
I call this OnLive2.
Off Dead.
Off Dead.
Let her finish.
Let her finish.
Cause I want to get into this a little bit.
Well, here's what the, what the official quote is.
It's like, we can now confirm the assets of OnLive Incorporated have been acquired into
a newly formed company and is backed by substantial funding and will continue to operate the online
game and desktop service, blah, blah, blah, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.
They are releasing the OnLive employees, um, and I think have put out a call to rehire
them with the new company, which I mean basically how this worked with the company that I worked
for before when we were sold is that, yeah, we were released from the previous corporation,
but we were hired quote by the new company as, and we know with all of our tenure and
everything intact.
So I think that what it's looking like is either they have fully released them or they
are sending the note out there that, yeah, we want you here.
We want to keep you around, you know, just maybe trying to get them to reapply through
different hiring channels or something.
I mean, maybe you want to bring them all and see, you know, if they're loyal to the product.
I don't know.
The whole thing is a little weird.
You know, it was very, like, this is super bizarre.
You should have seen this play out.
You should have seen this playing out on Twitter because like, you know, you know, at first
it was OnLive has completely shut down.
They're bankrupt.
They're gone.
You know, and the OnLive Twitter, they've yet to really say anything officially.
And it was at the point where, like, people were reporting, yeah, we drove down to the
OnLive offices and we see people are walking out of here with boxes and all this stuff.
So clearly the company's not going to hire some people back.
And I think everything's just in this big state of flux right now.
You know, and it's never good news when people lose their jobs in the gaming industry, and
this is always tough to talk about.
But I do have to ask the hard question, OnLive kind of, I mean, as a service, it was bringing
a lot of great things to the table, but the one thing that was really missing was like
games.
Like, a lot of the games that it launched with when launching is your first impression
were years old and kind of old news.
And sure, they tried to add to that.
And they did some cool things with the service, like the replays and some of that other stuff
they were doing.
And the desk, I'm sorry, the TV top systems and all that they were doing, they had some
great ideas.
But it's like, they just didn't have the games to back it up, and they didn't have the deals
to back it up like Steam did.
The coolest thing they had going for it were the hour-long demos that you didn't really
have to download anything.
You just did it through the cloud.
But it wasn't, like, they weren't really getting exclusives or, you know, it was tricky.
It was tricky.
And I can see where the company's hurting when they're, you know, I think the report
had come out that only several thousand people out of the millions that had signed up were
only ever on the service at any one time.
Yeah.
Sixteen hundred and they had eight thousand servers.
So that was a lot of unused servers that had to be maintained.
So I'm just really, I mean, they clearly, someone believes in the product.
I just want to look at Sony bought their biggest competitor, Gaikai, which was a very similar
sort of thing.
But Gaikai was kind of doing, they had the whole stuff in the browsers and they were
getting some deals where the demos were streamed to them like they were kind of trying to push
the envelope a little more.
And, you know, now Sony acquired them.
Yeah.
Here's the other thing that kind of sucks, too, is basically some of the people were
offered, you know, consulting arrangements also.
They said that, you know, they had they asked some of the employees to help smooth the transition
to the new startup.
And those people were offered stock options in the new company.
However, that's those stock are basically worthless unless the company at some point
becomes profitable and, you know, basically it's sold or goes public.
So you get an IOU, maybe we'll fulfill that money if if we are successful.
Well, best of luck to the folks that find themselves displaced this week with a whole
on live stuff.
I hope they're able to land work quickly somewhere else, as we usually feel in these types of
situations.
So.
All right.
Anyhow, if that's it.
Yeah.
Let's move on.
So speaking of other cloud services, GameStop, they have a cloud streaming service that's
going to be coming to PCs, tablets and Internet TVs.
Of course, you know, you may remember that they acquired Spawn Labs and Impulse last
year.
And basically it said based on consumer feedback, our success in selling mobile devices and
imminent launch of new consoles, we have decided to move our technology to PC based model.
And, you know, they're going to be only offering it to those devices not going to be coming
to any sort of game consoles in the future, probably because I would be willing to bet
that those other companies have their own streaming ideas in place.
Like we know Sony clearly Sony does.
So maybe Microsoft's kind of going that similar route.
So it's not that yes, we're not going to put our stuff on those consoles.
More like those console developers don't want us to put our stuff on their consoles.
So, you know, one of the first rumors I read was that Microsoft bought on live, which would
seem like, no, it's just that's not what happened.
You know, because sometimes Microsoft buys companies.
But I think in this case, they'll try to just reinvent it and make it better and put their
own name on it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I don't think if it was like bought by Microsoft, they'd be more, you know, more open about
it.
Fair about it.
Yeah.
We're going to lay everybody off.
But that was one of the first early.
You know, you know how Twitter goes, people.
Everybody's everybody's a skeptic and everybody's an analyst.
So yeah.
So yeah, they're saying, you know, I guess GameStop had proposed a scenario before where
they were saying that users would need to own a retail copy of a particular game they
wish to stream from cloud.
Although now that's not necessarily going to be the case, because if it's not going
to tie into consoles, then what are they going to own?
So I don't know.
It's an interesting idea.
And I know how they're selling their own tablets and stuff, but it seems like it's such a crowded
market space out there.
I mean, I know you can trade in games for like these tablets and phones and stuff, but
why would I want to buy?
Why would I want to stream games from them?
That just doesn't.
I don't know.
It just doesn't seem appealing to me at all.
I like the idea of being able to like stream demos and things like that without having
to download like, like that whole secret world.
I talked about that a couple of weeks ago, this MMO that I tried out the secret world.
I had to download a 15 gig thing to try that just to figure out that, you know what, I
don't really have time for this right now.
It would have been a lot nicer if I could have just streamed it through something like
this and to make my opinion.
And there are other MMOs that allow you to do this.
I'm sorry to be so MMO centric, but you know, it's kind of what comes to mind is it's a
great, that's a great use for the streaming technology is, is the demos, of course.
Are you getting your full graphical potential of the game that way?
I don't know, but yeah, that's another thing.
And then also, you know, with some of these devices, um, you know, not everybody's upgraded
their wireless network, so you may be running wireless G and that's going to throttle you
a little bit and, um, or you know, you have to be connected to the wifi for the stuff
to work.
Uh, for most part, I just, I, my tablet has a weird tendency to cut in and out of the
wifi too.
Like I'll be connected to wifi and then like once every 15 minutes, it just drops for 15
seconds.
And that'll kill your game.
If I'm trying to stream gamings off that don't like dealing with GameStop is kind of where
it's at there.
Yeah, that's a good point.
They will find a way to take the shrink wrap off those digital downloads before I purchase
them.
I, I just know it's going to happen, but all right, well, this is a game that, uh, maybe
some of you will be streaming through a console later unconfirmed, but I don't know.
It's a big game.
Uh, Tekken tag tournament two, uh, you excited about this?
There's some more information that came out about this from game com, uh, games com, excuse
me, Tekken tag tournament two, it will support 3d so you can have, you know, 3d fighting
and kicking and all that 3d can be switched on or off.
The depth can be adjusted to whatever it is that you like on there.
There's also something called Tekken tunes where you can make your own custom soundtrack
by importing your own CDs or MP3s or whatever.
There's also fight lab, which is a way that beginners can learn the play mechanics.
There's a robot fighter named combat and you will practice your techniques on that in order
to get through the fight lab.
I also noticed there's like a design, a character mode, like they have a little kitty girl here
that's been made in the fighter mode, which seems to be a big thing in the Namco games
lately.
I like that's what soul caliber is all about.
Now I want the ability to make a Tekken three gin.
Um, yeah, so there you go.
Some of the new stuff coming in Tekken tag tournament two, I'm sure you're going to be
picking this up right there.
Well, if I have money now, I'm the one who's not working at this table.
Some moves, just, you know, some moves in this whole create a mode thing.
They have to be unlocked in the game.
So like if you want to, uh, get an, uh, if you want to get the Phoenix smash from Paul,
you have to get an S rank in order to get that.
So interesting or cheap or cheap.
So Tekken tag tournament two coming soon, dark soccer.
Well in other news, you know what?
I kind of want to play the sad trombone for this Rob, because this is how I feel looking
this over.
Oh, we can arrange that, but well, you know, and you're, you're, you're going to know why
I went at the moment.
I say the game, final fantasy 14, well, um, basically they're, uh, they have this thing
called a realm reborn, which is, uh, the relaunch of final fantasy 14.
Um, and, uh, there's an interview with, um, Naoki Yoshida, um, who is saying that losing
your fans trust is an easy thing to do and regaining it is very hard.
They, um, really think that they're going to be able to, uh, regain the fans trust by
rebuilding final fantasy 14.
And they want that to be where they launch it from, say, Hey, this is great.
What's 15 and 16 going to be like, well, first of all, I'm like, stop numbering them.
They won't be online MMOs.
Let's hope.
Um, he's quoted as saying over a long time, we'll try to regain their trust, but it is
something we as a company must put effort into long term, but they, they're admitting
that they're probably not going to get it back with just the one game.
So right now, um, a realm reborn is in, uh, alpha it's a beta testing is going to be going
on later in the year and the PlayStation three group will be invited to join in on the beta.
So, um, another thing that he pointed out is that in the entire history of the final
fantasy, uh, series, there has not been one that failed, which is why they're not giving
up on 14.
You know, there's a lot of people that respond to that by saying, what about 13, but 13 wasn't,
why would they wouldn't have made 13 two if 13 was a failure.
Some people just straight up didn't like 13, which, you know, I can get the reasons why
people weren't into 13.
I liked it an awful lot.
If you didn't like it, it doesn't mean something failed.
Exactly.
Very good point.
Very good point, internet.
It just means that you don't like it.
Other people do shut up, get over it, but don't take it.
This is okay.
I have to read a minute.
It pisses me off when I say I don't like something and someone else immediately says, Oh, well
I do, you're wrong or will I do as if I'm wrong or vice versa.
One person liking something or disliking something that you do not is not a personal reflection
on you.
Oh, person of very small willpower and self-worth, you know, end of rant.
But we can all agree final fantasy 14 was bad, right?
We can, we can all agree on that.
I didn't play it.
I actually can't tell you if it was bad or not.
It probably was.
I haven't played it, but from what I heard, I'm just trying to make a joke.
Obviously somebody's paying for it out there.
They wouldn't have any servers running.
I mean, I'm sure there's people that probably like it.
There are people who are like, I don't have anything else better to do.
I feel like our chat room at live.vognetwork.com has suddenly become a support group.
Break Man says some of us like Final Fantasy 13.
JV Mon says, I like 13.
Stan says, Hey, I liked 13.
I didn't like 12.
I liked what I played of it.
I just got a little bored.
Dungeon Buster says 13 was still commercially successful.
Kitsune says, I liked Final Fantasy 13 too.
Didn't like dash two as much just because of that ending.
But I mean, it's, it's the whole thing where it's like, I really don't know why people
do this.
I mean, it's probably a little shortsighted of me to say it's because someone has low
self esteem or thinks that everything that people are talking about is about them.
Maybe a little ego instead, who knows?
But just because someone doesn't like something that you do, don't take it as a personal offense
the other way around.
It has no reflection on you as a person.
Uh, JV Mon in chat says, I dislike Final Fantasy seven, but respect other people's opinions
who differ from my own.
A model citizen.
Yes.
Uh, RDG Singe says, I like Duke Nukem forever.
You were entitled to like it.
You were entitled to like it.
I personally think that it was, um, what's a good description?
A festering pile of shit, but, um, I love 10 and 10 too.
I'm sorry.
Breakman says, stop talking about my low self esteem.
How dare you?
Wait, what are we talking about?
It's just, I don't know what it is.
It's a big internet thing, definitely, but it's also a human thing for people to want
everyone to like the same things that they do or hate the same things that they do and
poopoo anybody else who doesn't think the way I do, dammit politics, which is a little
bit more important, but it's video games are the most important thing.
What are you talking about?
But it's at the same time as like, okay, fun, fun of fantasy 14.
They're looking at it as a failure fiscally.
It's probably a failure for them.
It's probably pulling in just enough money to keep a couple of servers up.
It is.
It is a little bit unprecedented when it, no matter what your personal opinion is on
14, if you think we're too hard on it or what it is, it is unprecedented for a game company
to come out and apologize for a game.
Yes.
And they are taking steps to fix it.
They clearly believe that there's something with that product that's worth salvaging.
And for all the people out there, like what brought me to this point, regardless in that
say 13 was a failure fiscally, financially, I'm sorry, that's what I mean.
Was it a failure?
No, it made them buckets of money.
Game guru in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, for example, I don't like F zero, but
I respect that it is a great game.
Just not a racing game.
I like, well, you are entitled to your wrong opinion.
Shut up.
Now go sit in the corner.
Well, here's me.
I don't like strategy games.
Couldn't sit through Warcraft to play it.
Love World of Warcraft.
It's just the third time, fourth, fourth, fourth because I played with each expansion
until I liked it.
Um, but I mean, I love the universe, hate the first series of games, you know, it's
just has to personal preference.
I notoriously can't stand Final Fantasy eight and it's not the story that bothers me.
It's fucking boring.
It's that fucking fighting system ruined.
I know.
Well, I love the story so much by the time I got to the third disc, bore for reals, but
the whole point is, is that take personal opinion out of the equation and look at it
for what it is.
How much money did it make?
How big of a player base does it have?
That determines in the terms.
That's what the stockholders are looking at.
Exactly.
That determines right there if something is a failure as a product or not.
Now for everyone who bought Final Fantasy 13 and hate it, they still got the money.
They, they like it.
Sorry.
They still got your money at one and the story, but when you've got an ongoing product that
people are going to play, play, pay a subscription for, that's a different story and for that
you have to deliver month after month.
All right, well let's travel around the world and check out what possibly controversial
new releases are coming out this week.
I don't really know if there's anything controversial, but we'll see.
Let's start in the U S Loki is going to be short.
There's fall of Cybertron, PS3 and 360.
That's it.
Dang.
Well, we did just have a system launch today and a big Nintendo game, so it's not technically
new system.
It's about as new as like, say, you know, new Super Mario brothers two.
There's some big PC games in a couple of weeks too.
So that's, that's, that's that.
All right.
Uh, let's go to Japan.
Uh, Japan's looking a little bit empty this week as well on the Xbox 360 there is the
Witcher two assassins of Kings enhanced edition.
I don't know what's enhanced about that, but that's on the 360 this week.
That's the only thing on the, um, 360 in Japan.
Otherwise on the PlayStation three, no more heroes.
Red zone edition gets the best treatments.
That means a price reduction.
Also I don't know what this is.
It's a, a hybrid disc.
I think this is a game and an anime.
It's Rene no Lagrange, Kamogawa days, and it's the game and the anime.
Yeah.
Cool.
And that's kind of something we see on the PlayStation three happened a little bit is
that you have the game slash movie or whatever it was a PlayStation network game in the movie.
Yeah.
So, uh, seeing that a little bit more and more, the VITA has got a little bit going
on this week in Japan.
We have next revolution.
There's a couple of different versions.
There's talk and she can, and then Joe who a security specialist, she can, and then another
game coming out on the VITA as well called Tokushu Hodobu comes out.
That is all on the 23rd of August.
Now, I will say this next week, cause a lot of people are going to be excited about this
on the VITA.
Maybe dark soccer, even I don't have a VITA.
Maybe you'll have to go on for Hatsune Miku project diva F. You're not a project diva
fan.
I thought you were.
I am, but I don't have a VITA.
So what does it matter?
Well, you can get in Japan on the 30th, you can get a VITA Hatsune Miku limited edition.
Well, let the people who actually have jobs and money get one for me.
You should sell Etsy's to fund your VITA.
What the fuck would I make on Etsy?
Anger.
I'm selling my rage.
You get an MP3 of me going fuck.
You can record people's voicemail messages.
Yeah, you could set up, you could set up their voicemail.
Hi, this is dark soccer.
away beep hi this is dark soccer from
orange lounge radio chances are I don't
like you or your friend but leave a
message anyway bye that reminds me I got
a recorder I got a recorded voicemail
message for my google I my google voice
number that apparently Omaha steaks
likes calling daily to you know market
me I forgot that I'd set it up by steaks
from them once or something yes I had a
gift card that I won so I like I was
like okay I got to make it I got to
make a number that they can call and I
got to make an email address that they
can email to so I gave them the email
address I don't use and then I gave them
that phone number so now now I need to
like you know figure out how to forward
that to I don't know hi Loki's voicemail
please leave a message unless you're
Omaha steaks then fuck off I like that
yeah I'm answering sorry I'll record it
for you unless you're trying to sell
shit then get lost unless you're gonna
send me free steak which case you send
me free steak when if it's not free I
don't fucking care on the Nintendo 3ds
boku wa koku kansai khan Airport hero
3d Honolulu I have no idea what Airport
hero is but I imagine in my head it's a
lot like the what's that pocket planes
on on the iOS system or on the iOS yeah
something like that iPhone and all that
all right that's it for Japanese release
dates how about the UK Dark Saga a few
things a few we have on the 21st
Darksiders 2 and Jojo's Bizarre Adventure
HD kind of series has been out in Japan
for like what ever since like the mid
80s and we're just now getting stuff
order I'm just whatever 22nd Joe jars of
bizarre Jojo's Bizarre Adventure HD on
the ps3 and on the 24th Dark Souls for
PC endless space for PC and transformers
follow Cybertron which is all my friend
has ever talked about and I don't care
anymore
all right just a couple new stories away
from the classic game of the week and
dark soccer picked an obscure one
tonight I think I think super obscure
plays a little bit here it's a good game
I just need another copy of it sometimes
it's about finding the hidden gems there
you go all right first though a couple
more stories for you guys Loki all right
so there was some announcements regarding
origin it's coming to Mac because you
know they have games on the Mac so of
course it would so of course Peter Moore
announced that you know during gamescom
it's going to be coming to a few
different platforms including smart TVs
the Mac Android and Facebook and they're
also going to be you know adding some
new features including free-to-play
gaming which is I think where the
Facebook and Android comes into play and
achievements hoorah hooray now you can
play broken games of Mass Effect 3 on
the Mac I guess it doesn't necessarily
mean the games are coming out on those
systems but origin will be there you
know origin cannot I this this boggles
my mind if Alan and I want to play our
two friends at the same house in the Bay
Area we can't do it origin can't handle
two people in one place versus two in
another place we can do two on one or
them two against what we can't do two
on two it is not possible in origin
setup really really I bet steam can
handle that it probably to be fair we
haven't tried but I don't see why it
wouldn't work I've played some I I've
never really had a game that failed
miserably playing it through steam like
I had a great sieve five match not that
long ago borderlands is through game spy
so that's a little different I don't I
wouldn't measure that so whatever all
right well speaking of underappreciated
classics the neo geo remember the neo
geo yeah I've looked at one the other
day you've got one in your house right
to actually those others are expensive
have a neo geo and a neo see you know
how Dan got his neo geo huh he traded a
Sega CD for it wow well you might have
to make room on the shelf for this it's
the neo geo X gold that's right it's a
new system is in now there were rumors
about this before that this is coming
but it is confirmed the neo geo X gold
is a thing it's a $200 thing hey neo
geos were never known for being cheap
right now the cool thing is though even
for being a $200 system it does come
with a bunch of pre-installed games
these games used to be like $200 apiece
if you remember such classics like art
of fighting to magician Lord metal slug
baseball stars to fatal fury and fatal
fury special king of fighters 95 samurai
showdown 2 king of the monsters all this
is built in so it's pretty those games
already there's a lot of I mean and I'm
only reading part of the list so there's
a good looks like about 20 games or so
that are installed I noticed though I
don't see bust a move on this list I
don't see or you know puzzle these
everyone to call these are all SNK games
that was tied oh good point good point
well anyhow there is also this I guess
here's the weird thing it is a handheld
so it's like it's a handheld system but
it's also I guess you can plug it into a
docking station and then it's a TV thing
too that's kind of cool I got to say
yeah it's a docking station that's a
video out that's pretty cool that my
dingoo does the same thing and was a
whole hell lot cheaper and yeah I I
think it's kind of cool but I don't
$200 is a steep price to pay for
nostalgia especially you can purchase
like one of those like 48 and 160 and
one neo geo used by the games on your
geo arcade carts and get super gun for
way fucking cheaper that I have a super
gun it's like an all-in-one card thing
that literally plugs into neo geo
controllers it's pinned out for that and
I have a 16 one cart so nope not gonna
buy yeah I don't know I this thing would
have to be really something special in
order to get me to buy I will say though
they the the little joystick they have
with it is like a mock replica those you
know those things are rock-solid those
controllers of the four buttons so it's
it's a nice controller I will say that
your love that I love them honestly
made playing all these games because
it's the arcade experience yeah I'll
give it that that's pretty cool to
register participation for this week's
episode of orange lounge radio on vog
network comm use the passphrase
milkshake all right let's take it let's
take a trip back down memory lane to a
time when the neo geo was you know more
relevant although I do I don't you did
not pick a neo geo game tonight did you
I did not oh well that's okay we're
gonna go down the archives of classic
gaming and dark soccer is going to jump
into the vault and find a game that she
thinks hey even though you might not be
able to find it you kids should play
this game right now dark soccer oh what
is the classic game of the week
troubleshooter anyone remember this
game no it came out on the Sega Genesis
it has awesome music play a little bit
you
assassination
anyway in Japan it was known as battle
mania and it's a scrolling shooter by
Victor hi that came out in 1992 and the
only reason I really I had I can say I
played this game is I had a friend who
had a copy so just we'll leave that there
because I didn't have a genesis when I
was in high school and the game is a real
basically just makes fun of itself the
whole time you play as a girl named
Madison who is a combat operative who
has to rescue a prince that has been
taken hostage and she goes around with
her partner crystal now basically you
play as Madison and Chris was kind of
attached to her but it's really way I
can describe their positioning and
crystal always points backwards but you
can flip her to point in the front and
she's invulnerable to enemy fire the
only one who has the hitbox is Madison
here playing as and crystal is only if
affected if Madison dies so basically
you have a special weapon that helps you
during combat and like I said you can
flip back and forth we can flip your
partner back and forth that you are
always facing to the right and you've
got different power-ups and it's funny
when when you get a power-up she goes
thank you like that and they make a
little noises when they get hurt and
everything a little bubble comes up this
is ouch it's so cute but it didn't
really have like a life system you
stocked at hit points by getting life up
icons and now it often had a sequel in
Japan called battle mania a diagonal now
we're going to move forward into what
makes this game special and I'm talking
more about battle mania is that it's
kind of slow-paced it has this sort of
like I said the weird play you know
playing style in it but basically Owen
in Japan they were called mania and
Maria sorry they basically go down and
shoot weird machines and it had some
really fun stuff thrown in like they had
an issue in the game now this was
because the group they were working with
which which was a studio Uchuu Tetsujin
which is also called studio space iron
man did not like that Victor Kai worked
with Super Famicom so they had an
interesting little easter egg through
into the game where if you press start
right and see on the second controller
the two heroines in the game will shoot
past the Sega logo and you will see
Madison jumping up and down on the Super
Famicom just bounce bounce bounce bounce
when the U.S. does what Nintendo yeah it's
not in the English version so uh so
basically as things went along this was
you know going into the sequel the
battle mania die angel it had mushrooms
come out that were part of the power-ups
and it had a fleet of well guys it looked
like Cape Mario that you had to shoot
down there was also just a bunch of
stuff that was going on with this it was
and there's a an official picture that
came out where it shows the girls
playing volleyball with a super with a
Super Famicom and a hammer and then in
the game say gaga you remember that one
right we have to basically you're trying
to save Sega from financial ruin well
they get helped in the end of the game
by a bunch of characters from their
games and outcome the two ladies from
battle mania so definitely the game
itself is definitely a big poop on
Nintendo but also it's just really fun I
mean it's a fun little shooter so this
is a game that I would love to have a
copy of either the u.s. one of the
Japanese one so I would just be giddy if
I had this game unfortunately I haven't
seen it since I was in high school
all right there it is your classic game
of the week troubleshooter that's going
to do it for part a of orange lounge
radio but don't go anywhere guys we're
going to take a break and then we come
back with more of orange launch radio
your twitter questions at twitter.com
slash olr the foogle question of the
week some stuff going on with valve some
stuff on the Wii U and your emails at
mailbag at orange lounge at radio.com
all after a quick break right Jamie huh
all right something special for you guys
tonight a rare music break for both the
live and the podcast listeners this is a
track from the Darksiders to soundtrack
scored by Jesper Kidd big thanks to
something else music works www.sum thing
com or on twitter at sum thing digital
for giving us the opportunity to play it
for all our listeners this week if you
dig it check out the Darksiders to
soundtrack in physical and digital form
on Amazon and in digital form on iTunes
so here it is Jesper Kidd from the
Darksiders to soundtrack with the
corruption you're participating with
orange launch radio at the voice of
geeks network vog network.com
you
welcome back everybody to orange lounge
radio episode number four excuse me yeah
470 I lost count for a minute there for
this august 19th 2012 and that was
awesome thanks again to something
something music for letting us play that
during the break there that was great
again that was the corruption from the
Darksiders to soundtrack by Jesper Kidd
that was really cool hope you guys like
that too I liked it yeah it's nice and
some folks in chat there dungeon buster
says at live.vognetwork.com says I
thought Kidd did a great job in the
Darksiders to stuff there's a base theme
in this that runs in this one that runs
into other pieces so there you go so
alright we're going to get back into the
show with some rapid-fire news some
quick news stories here and we'll start
it off with Loki alright so the Vita is
getting some new firmware soon version
1.8 and this is kind of cool because one
of the complaints about the Vita before
were with the visually impaired having
trouble accessing stuff on the Vita
because there was no button controls on
the home screen well that's going to
change now that there will be button
controls on the home screen ability use
the directional pad and stuff to
navigate those screens and no longer we
have to use just the touchpad and then
also they're going to add I guess some
different options for video including
fast rewind fast forward and variable
speeds also you can import playlists
from PlayStation 3 or iTunes for playing
music and the web browser now supports
rear touch for scrolling and zooming
also I guess there's going to be a new
cross controller icon in the remote play
for the cross controller supporting
games and then other tweaks I'm sure so
that's pretty cool and then black ops
2 some more details came out during
gamescom which actually makes me pretty
excited about first things first they're
going to be adding some new customization
options as opposed to the way they've
kind of done things for the last god I
don't even know how many games as far as
custom classes go you basically get you
know primary weapon secondary weapon you
know your three perks and you know a
lethal grenade and support grenade and
stuff like that killstreaks now it's
going to basically be you get ten points
you get to spend those ten points
however you want so if you want to go in
and say fuck it I want to run into with
just a knife you can do that you can
have like five perks or hey I want to
have you know a ton of ammo and you know
no perks or I want to have this and that
you can change it however you want that's
kind of cool so that's something that
they're adding in there also league play
is going to be added in as well as the
option to do live streams of your
gameplay so you can have live streams
and you can also do shoutcasts of like
commentary so you can have commentary
going over the whole thing as well that's
built into the goddamn game that's
interesting yes some people harnessing
the types of things we see on like you
stream and twitch TV and all that
interesting yes so that's pretty cool and
then there's also a rumor that black ops
twos heading to the Wii U according to a
QA testers resume who was on LinkedIn I'm
just going to make it easy for you it's
not a fucking rumor it's coming on the
wheel I mean I've been seeing it for
weeks now so it is coming on the wheel I
know because I've seen the UPC and other
things but yes it duh I mean come on it's
gonna be a simple port of the other
games and you know Treyarch supports the
Wii so why not come out well speaking of
the Wii U spot pass is apparently going
to be a feature of the Wii U this again
really strikes me as a type of duh but
it is going around the internet this
week that I guess it's kind of the new
version of Wii Connect 24 which you know
remember that was a thing that your Wii
was always on but it's not really it's
not used as well as it could be spot
pass a little better on the DS so
hopefully they're gonna implement that
more and more through the Nintendo
platforms this is all coming from a
photo of a Wii U development kit that
the Wii U will have the spot pass
feature I mean come on of course and it
if they're smart they'll do a lot of the
stuff between the 3ds and the Wii U that
was happening between the DS and the Wii
with the demos and so of course they're
gonna have spot pass I mean it is a it
is a DS right now on the TV screen
essentially alright well other Nintendo
news Team Ninja I remember they made
Metroid other M which you know was kind
of met with mixed mixed reaction not
everybody was into it I thought it was
pretty I thought it was pretty good but
you know not nothing is yet to top Super
Metroid for me you know nothing's even
really come close honestly what about a
fusion um close but still doesn't top it
the closest thing I would say would be
the Metroid zero zero mission was
probably the close that's what I'm
thinking of how's on the Game Boy
Advance you were thinking of the other
Game Boy Advance one was Metroid fusion
ah anyway team ninjas yosuke hayashi
says that they are still close to
Nintendo and the designer Yoshio
Sakamoto apparently they are both
director they were both directors of
Metroid other M on the Wii and according
to Hayashi team ninja wants to work with
Nintendo on another Metroid title here's
a quote unfortunately Metroid is kind of
out of our meaning team ninjas league as
it's Nintendo's game but we're still in
close touch with so co-creator
Sakamoto-san so we want to do something
with him moving forward definitely it
really depends on what he wants to do
with the game first so you know kind of
like a peace offering there I mean but
again at the end of the day if Metroid
other M didn't sell which I don't
believe it did sell up to expectations I
don't know what the future is going to
hold for Metroid but I can't they
totally screwed up with Samus in that
game I I wouldn't believe though that
they would just let Metroid go away but
then again stranger things have happened
I hope not I hope not the full track
list for just dance for coming out on
October 9th on the Wii connect and
PlayStation move the full track listing
is out I will cut I will touch on some
of the highlights mm-hmm last ketchup
with the ketchup song remember that Jeff
from back in the day oh my god well
that's current Justin Bieber featuring
Nicki Minaj beauty and a beat I didn't
even know that that was a thing and now
that I know it is a thing it's a thing
I'd like to know she had beauty I mean
she's the beat we beat you just beat
Justin Bieber I guess is beauty a
beautiful lesbian all right yeah Carly
Ray Jepsen with call me maybe grandpa
you out there listening let's see I love
this army of lovers with crucified I
like that song YouTube that video
immediately it is fucking amazing and I
cannot stress how great it is over a
radio show but you don't understand how
awesome it is that that song is in this
game until you YouTube the video
seriously do it after olr army of lovers
crucified it's in just dance for they
definitely have a an eclectic mix they
really do they really Rihanna with
disturb ya something new let's see they
might be Giants Istanbul that's funny I
wasn't DDR once I think it's ultra mix
three Elvis Presley with jailhouse rock
then Ricky Martin with Livin la vida
loco of course a little vita loca Selena
Gomez in the scene with love you like a
lot love song moves like Jagger you know
because every fucking game has that
moves like Jagger Alexander Stan mr.
Saxo beat remember that song I really I
like Marina and the diamonds oh no it's
gonna be in there that's a very like
British I think there's a good it's not
just eclectic but it's eclectic like
multi-regional like you get a lot of um
do we get any jpop do we do we do we do
we not that eclectic unfortunately see
you do get the b-52s with rock lobster
pink with so what Halloween thrills with
the time warp which I do believe would
be a cover of the rocky horror picture
show song which is obviously all kinds
of amazing to unlimited with tribal
dance as long as we're borrowing from
DTR games right the Rihanna with umbrella
Ella Ella one direction with what makes
you beautiful because you know hey Will
Smith with Wild Wild West wow that that
must have been a cheap license and
here's my favorite
skill rex with rock and roll will take
you to the mountain so now you get your
dubstep song never heard that song and I
never plan on it no do not poison my
brain I am kind of curious I do with
shitty dubstep I want to hear it
something I'll dub says shitty yes it is
that's I will say this we were at brunch
today and this this dubstep song is
obviously dubstep song was playing on
the speaker was like I was like what in
the fuck is this and Allen's all oh it's
the hot new single by car alarm oh that's
a joke it's a car alarm oh I wouldn't be
surprised if there was a group called
that just saying all right prize you
don't have a car alarm that's dubstep
because I know I was like can I put that
in my car to scare away the okay here we
go an olr exclusive everybody dark
sakura gets introduced to dubstep here
we go no take your fingers out of your
ear this is for suck for science dark
sakura for science here we go
dark sock I can't let too much of this
play I can let a little bit of it play
for the purposes of commentary but dark
sakura thoughts on rock and roll will
take you to the mountain I'm going to
quote Becky that sort of cruelty will
not be tolerated
kind of like that song actually oh no
doesn't use that same little oh my god
riff in another song I'm sure he does I
would rather listen to Sarah Brightman
and you know how I feel about I love
Sarah Brightman though like no she knows
how to bring the I can't never mind I
shouldn't say the word but she knows how
to bring it now the only thing that Sarah
Brightman's ever done that I've liked
was repo yeah everything else just real
soprano oh I like her cover of Eden I'll
admit it I like it was a great song
anyway how my virgin ears let's see some
comments from our chat room remember we
do have a live chat room they got
subjected to that to Stan says that's
seriously dubstep technus says that's
not dubstep let's see Stan says that
sounds like gay club music five years
ago black wolf says the dubstep song we
have in rotation is okay the Skyrim to
the knee SSJ 100 Matt says that's pretty
good
that's how she was sitting vampire
actually said it always reminds me of
downtown Julie Brown whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa whoa whoa miss her speaking of
dubstep have you seen the new trailer
for Borderlands 2 it's fucking fantastic
oh is it all dubstep if no it's not all
this of the day that reminded me of it
because you know they had the first
trailer they were making fun of the
dubstep trailers and then you know of
course they have you know claptrap doing
dubstep stuff but no the new trailer is
fucking awesome it's got near the
villain basically at the ends like come
and get me it's like yeah I want to
fucking kill that guy and doesn't have
that same music that wah wah wah no I
don't have that but got some sort of
electronic isn't there all right I want
to I got to see it dark soccer do you
know this song wait no oh this is a live
version I don't want this I want the
original video here because I want to
exciting exciting radio I don't care
yeah exciting for me do they not have it
maybe this is it that looks like I want
to know if you like this
why she spasming we're doing like some
stupid interpretive dance I just don't
that is wise and of course she's being
all like Jesus II with her hands up I
really don't care for her voice that
much I mean I thought that she was good
in repo that's about it only cuz she
rips her eyes out yeah tonight is like
the discover new music on olr night she
rips her eyes out that'd be a good like
animated gif for like something like bad
YouTube videos or something that is I'm
surprised I haven't seen that gif on oh
no they I'd rather be not to like spoil
repo the genetic opera that's a great
movie well it's freaking my man isn't it
Anthony Stewart head yes he can be my he
can be my uncle because remember I have
my special family with Betty White is my
grandmother George decay is my gay daddy
I haven't decided who my other gay daddy
is all right let's move on with more
rapid-fire news dark Sakura well um
we've got a fan project that's called
Megaman day in the limelight to sorry
there's apparently a sequel it's done by
the people that did mushroom kingdom
fusion it's a rearranged version of
Megaman 3 but instead of playing what
tiger class as searching for car alarm
dubstep I found this okay so anyway
you play through on the stages of Megaman
3 but you play as the robot masters for
Megaman 2 so it looks like it's pretty
fun and I think I'm going to be grabbing
this no thank you let's not fuck Rob the
hell you did in my poor brain and then
chatters it was tiger claw it's all
tiger claws fall team fortress 2 we have
a new co-op mode on August 15th called
man nana nana nana with extra n versus
machine so it's six players against
doppelgangers so you have to fight the
robot versions of them and you get
incredible loot it's not as cool as fog
loot no and then last but never least
steam the big picture mode is going to
launch in beta in September so you can
basically play steam on your TV but not
a valve console oh the end the end all
right let's go to the frugal question of
the week
but Facebook and Google Plus together
and you get frugal we ask a question
every week of our would be their
bastard love child we go to our fan
communities every week to ask a question
and share some of the answers with you
guys here on the show there was a lot of
answers tonight I can't read them all
but it's a fun question frugal question
of the week I'm not just saying that
because I wrote it new Super Mario
Brothers 2 came out today and it
features new Mario powers that allow you
to turn lots of things into gold coins
this has us thinking about power-ups
what is your favorite power-up item from
a video game please provide your user oh
I don't have to read that part all right
what is your favorite power-up item from
a video game let's start on Google Plus
shall we with monster be my favorite
power-up is adrenaline pills from unreal
tournament 2003 2004 would you read your
post with would you read this post with
your count chocula voice sure my
favorite power-up is adrenaline pills
from unreal tournament 2003 more like
the count close enough one one they're
all the same 2003 2004 ah flaco jones
says the spread gun power-up from Contra
good pick redder tainment says as I
remember there's an accessory in
Borderlands that allows you to make a
sniper rifle that sets enemies on fire
seeing people flare up and run around
from a great distance always put a smile
on my face you and dark Sakura have some
things in common right let's move over
to Facebook there's a lot of answers on
Facebook I'm not gonna be able to read
all these but I'll read some of them Rob
himself says the red shell in Mario Kart
unless it's aimed at me let's see Ben R
says the mushroom in Mario Kart where
you can just jam the item button as much
as possible for a certain amount of
seconds and keep boosting the golden
mushroom Matt J says I always love the
grappling hook from Super Metroid and
later in Metroid Prime I felt like a
total badass swinging back and forth on
those hooks the space jump comes in as a
close second though mostly because the
animation looking cool Nick Nick M says
the gravity gun from half-life 2 was
amazing that's great dark Tetsuya says
got to give it to the purple tracer
laser from right into that yes gamer
girl says the red heart potions from
Legend of Zelda wicked says the p-wing
from Super Mario Brothers 3 as much as
I love kuriboh shoe and the hammer
brothers suit I don't think I've ever
cleared world 8 without without at least
three p-wings in the inventory infinite
flight is a necessity especially during
the fast scrolling airship stage ratchet
tag simply says falcom punch Benny L
says adult magazine from the God hand
that replenishes your God hand meter
let's see pikaruno says the hammer in
Super Smash Brothers the combination of
silly music ridiculous damage and sheer
oh fuck factor from anyone unlucky
enough to be hit by it makes me giggle
every time Jim H says monster potion
from zombies ate my neighbors you could
punch holes and fences fences and hedges
and walls and kill lumberjacks with ease
Austin W says in the Legend of Zelda
Majora's Mask I love the final mask in
the game that turns you into fierce
DD link I'm still waiting for this
character to make an appearance in the
smash games that and wolf link dark
charger says heavy barrel from heavy
barrel arcade in the game you must
collect and assemble all the pieces of
the heavy barrel weapon and Haseo sumo
agar sumo agar wa excuse me says if I
were to choose one it would have to be
the chainsaw you get from a torture kill
on Bayonetta there are some good answers
how about you guys in studio favorite
power-up in a video game I have a few
okay I'd really do like kuriboh shoe I'm
wanted to use it through the whole damn
game of course I go my kitty came out
I'm kitty but my adopted kid the this
has been my recent favorite the collector
laser rifle because you just shoot
things and they melt done make they just
melt you have piles of alien goo on the
ground this for Mass Effect two and
three it's beautiful if you've never
used the collector rifle use it and
you'll never use anything else there was
oh in the issue of Fornax um as far as
others that I really really like I like
the bells in Proteus that I like the
word blaster where I have no idea what
it's saying I can only read like some of
it but it's like I don't know what you're
saying but die I love I love the
Proteus power-ups a whole bunch and oh
yeah cotton where she gets the willow
she goes we know just I just like it
because that's all she says so Loki um
well there's a few I have some actually
from games I haven't played a couple
from red faction they had mr. toots which
was a unicorn that fired rainbows out of
its ass that amazing it was a weapon in
the game oh there was that showed up in
like videos online too right yeah they
did a viral video Freddie Wong I remember
you covering that yeah I was a Freddie
Wong thing yeah anyways then the ostrich
hammer from red faction also and then
for stuff that I actually have played
fuzzy from you know Super Mario World 2
that wasn't really a power-up but that's
actually a good answer I like that
memorable and then actually a sort of a
power-up from it was actually in a bunch
of Capcom games but like one I remember
is Captain Commando where you would hop
into like the mechs and like you know
punch and blow things up and catch
things on fire remember how all the old
Capcom games had that little symbol that
like showed up in every game that was
always like an uber power-up like it was
in every game I can't remember what was
called you remember that little symbol
like a little mm-hmm somebody I do
also they'll have to second the purple
laser and riding because it's always
what I use was a purple laser anything
else lucky that's it oh there's one more
I can add huh actually your your shield
thing in our type the added on option
that you could shoot either from your
butt or from the front that was always a
cool thing I'm gonna go super duper old
school I think one of the best power-ups
ever was the hammer in Donkey Kong
because the little song the little
animation of the hammer going up and
down was really funny to me so I always
love the hammer in the original Donkey
Kong and then the power brick in Mario
Brothers because I love I'm not talking
Super Mario Brothers but an old-school
Mario Brothers I loved that game I still
do it's one of my favorite like everyone
that's one of it yeah you just knock
everyone on their ass and it was it is
cool to the power bricks kind of come
back in the later Mario would be awesome
hmm is you know how we have Smash
Brothers guess Smash Brothers of old
retro arcade games like all that would
be those characters that would be very
cool I slightly old-school but like the
first thing that came to my mind
honestly the ripple gun from life force
yes that was the best one I love that
power-up like sometimes I even though
it wasn't that great of a gun like I
would get it just cuz it's cool I'm team
laser over here and exactly the laser
was the the more effective power-up at
the ripple was just cool and I really
think the best power-up like ever were
the options in the Gradius games in any
of those option yeah those are great
power-ups you have too much speed up
though and you'd be dead right um you
know well another one actually since I
mentioned our type is the I don't know
if it's called the ripple gun in our
type but it's like a dual red and blue
that forms this big swirl as it goes
across you've got or something yeah some
kind of wave gun but that's just thought
that one was pretty triggers in our
chat room says a street can I don't know
if that was the name of it that thing
I'm trying to think of where that's a
capcom thing that was in the like it
was in 1942 and it was in bionic commando
and which um one other one I would name
power-up that was awesome you know I'm
gonna go to Super Metroid right I'm
gonna say the very end of the game when
you have that laser that just blows
through everything like the rainbow
laser that just cuts through everything
there was just something really epic
about that moment when you had that beam
as you were fighting mother brain and
there's awesome there is one other thing
okay I know it's a game I've actually
covered for classic game that's star
parotia I love shooting things with hue
cards can't help it I love this answer
in the chat room dungeon buster says
Michael Jackson turning into a robot
moonwalker that was pretty awesome
actually all right I'm so thank you dark
tetsuya that's it I yeah see she I yeah
see Chi Chi Chi yeah she Chi that's it
that's what I'm trying to think of thank
you dark tetsuya you get a nickel it's
made out of wood enjoy all right a big
thanks to all you guys on Facebook and
Google Plus to answer the question I'm
so sorry I didn't I didn't read all the
Facebook answers because there's like a
lot there's over 20 so don't also forget
though so go and read them I'm
commanding you to go read everything
that hadoken in Megaman X that was
pretty cool yeah even even in general
the hadoken kind of changed gaming in a
way like I don't know if you'd call that
a power-up so much as a power move but
think about it reuse fireball in
Street Fighter kind of changed gaming in
many ways I think it did I don't can I
don't can you really did I don't as it
in a games annoy me is it but that's all
you hear all game all right anyhow
that's it for frugal question of the
week let's move on with some more news
we'll get to the mailbag if use Twitter
topic Skype all that good stuff in just
a little bit but first Loki man valve is
getting into all sorts of crazy shit you
know first they're you know they have
their game service and then now they're
you know putting other software now
they're making documentaries yes valve
has documentaries that are coming out
now and the first one is based on an
upcoming defense of the agents or
ancients agents that'd be a whole
another game defense of the ancients
documentary and they're I guess
following people are trying to go pro
and win a million dollars in a
tournament it makes sense things are
going this way when that whole indie
game the movie did I'm assuming it did
fairly well on steam I saw people
talking about it and I would imagine
they did sort of have a documentary in
iPad form with the portal to the final
days oh yeah did it wasn't wasn't that
like a contracted thing though where
yeah because like Jeff Keeley put that
all together at least supervised it I'm
sure he didn't do it all himself but you
know supervised that whole thing where
yeah because they did they did the
portal but wasn't there one that was the
last days of all there was another game
that had one was it another valve game
actually didn't they do one for Mass
Effect 3 they did they did do last days
of Mass Effect 3 and last days of portal
and I there was one other I don't care I
just want to see an animated team
fortress 2 movie that would be fucking
amazing fans can make them now well I
didn't market them through steam it'd be
crazy I still want to see if let's see a
future-length animated movie because
their shit is pretty awesome well there
you got record Ralph coming I doubt team
fortress characters are in it but they
should be why not all right moving on to
Nintendo I reference this a little bit
earlier in the show but I wanted to go
into depth on this a little bit because
I'm sure Loki will have an opinion on
this Nintendo is promising that their
DLC will not leave users feel cheated
or deceived this is a crew according to
Satoru Iwata of course is Nintendo
present the president of Nintendo
because you know Nintendo is just now
getting into DLC what it's 2012 and DLC
has been prevalent since what about oh
six oh seven when well they're just now
getting an HD to some mean Nintendo is
finally getting into DLC and here's what
they said and one thing into excuse me
what he said and one thing Nintendo is
determined as a company policy what we
are not going to do is create a full
game and then say let's hold this back
for DLC that's not our plan we're
definitely not doing that it's an
extreme example but I think there are
examples of games where you get that
initial purchase the very core part of
the game and everything else around it
is all DLC that's all a matter of
opinion that's some subtle Capcom
shading that that's all that well that
is but that's also a matter of opinion
because Capcom I'm sure in their defense
would say that Street Fighter cross
Tekken was a full game and that these
additional characters are you know that
just that they're additional but the
rest of the internet called them out on
that bullshit yeah it's on it's on disk
it's paid unlock content and there's
even like there's one story I didn't
talk about it was sleeping dogs how they
oh yeah we have six months planned of
DLC it's all paid unlock stuff but to be
fair that is a game where you don't
really need that stuff it's just
costumes and I don't think there's any
additional missions or maybe but it's
mostly costumes one quick other
statement here so our goal is to create
DLC in such a way the consumers do not
feel they have been cheated or deceived
now I believe there are people out there
readers who have are worried about that
I think it's a weird translation there
and we just want to ensure them that we
have in mind and want them to know that
that's not what we are planning on doing
so Nintendo planning and doing are two
different things we're not sorry I'm
doing it but you know it well you know
it's not just a water that said this
because I remember distinctly in that
3ds little press conference thing not
the one for me three but the one that
came out a little later where they
spotlighted the games again it was like
a one of those Nintendo Direct things
that had Reggie and some of those guys
from Nintendo in it he specifically said
we're gonna have DLC for New Super Mario
Brothers 2 but I want to assure
everybody it's additional content we
have a finished game first I mean they
they really went out of their way to
stress it's not something like that
you're gonna have to have it is truly
something extra the designers are
working on we'll see what do you think
Nintendo DLC I don't really know what
the thing yeah cuz we haven't seen any
examples yet I just think that New Super
Mario Bros 2 is gonna be the first
example of first party DLC anyway I just
don't know if it's gonna I mean I would
be I was always hoping that like you
know excite truck you know hey all we
need is DLC with new levels that's it
just add new levels in I'll be happy of
course that never happened and then we
got a crappy sequel but you know the
Mario Kart same thing people with that
just add new level my problem with Mario
Kart and this has been the case with it
will be all old levels a lot of yes
seriously that's the thing is you've
released these old levels in every
single Mario Kart it was cool the first
time that you did it it's like hey
that's kind of neat you know this this
old Mario Kart levels in 3d now or it's
in like you know the polygons and stuff
now it's getting a little old it's it's
getting a little tiresome just maybe do
a Mario Kart game that didn't have the
old tracks in it just a thought maybe
instead of coming out with four circuits
you just don't have the retro search I
don't mind I don't mind the half half
new half returning stuff I don't mind it
but it's for me here it is it's all
about this the price is right it is all
about the cost because like what do you
think would be a fair price to charge
for let's say Nintendo were to put out
five new tracks like a new circuit of
five new tracks what would that be worth
to you as DLC what would you pay for
that depends what sir I mean if it's old
really say all new let's say it's all new
I'd say like five bucks really yeah I
wouldn't want to see it more than $2.99
maybe I'm just a few really good tracks
it just it would all depend on me you
know but or like Mario Mario 2 coin rush
levels three stages that I wouldn't buy
yeah I don't know I don't know like it's
really about the price is Nintendo gonna
get the price right I don't know we'll
see
chiggers in our chat room at live dog
network com says Mario Kart level editor
and share please but then they wouldn't
be able to charge you for DLC if they do
that they have a Mario Kart level editor
now on the Wii and there is some not
official though is it now but there's
some way you can do it with SD cards
where you can load custom tracks on
there same with the 3ds or not the 3ds
yeah was it New Super Mario Rose on the
Wii same thing with that you can do
custom levels in that somehow I should
say this though you know because some
people say well if Mario Kart added that
in then they wouldn't be able to sell
DLC not necessarily the case look at
something like little big planet does
this very well you know big planet does
great that reminds me there was a ROM
hack for New Super Mario Brothers on the
DS that was New Super Mario Bros 3 and
it had a lot of really cool levels and
stuff in it that would be kind of cool
to compare that to the New Super Mario
Brothers 2 now to see you know how you
know how better one is than the other
because I think that one had some really
unique ideas that they do with it I
don't know if we're gonna see that in a
level design you know I don't know if a
lot of those people are thinking that
far outside the box like some of the ROM
hackers do we shall see let's move on
for now Dark Sakura with some more news
well we do have something else from
valve well I'm sure you're familiar with
the perpetual testing initiative that
was the in-game portal to editor I play
a few other things someone's actually
even gone and tried to recreate the
entire first portal using nothing but at
least the puzzles and everything using
nothing but the in-game editor well now
they have a patch that's going to be an
update for that to let you do co-op that
the co-op test chambers and you also
have another option that's a quick play
feature so that you can see the top
rated user maps for each category it's
gonna like I said free and it's also
gonna come with a 75% off portal to
vouchers that you can share the game
with friend not bad huh no it's not bad
at all I love you steam I love you so I
can get a friend portal to whether they
want it or not they want it they want it
who wouldn't want portal to it's great I
would think everybody should have it by
now with all them steam sales I know
right so this is kind of shocking during
gamescom apparently some early builds of
the game divinity were stolen out of the
booth they literally picked up pcs and
ran out of the building and somehow not
didn't get caught how does that trend
because how does that even happen we've
heard about this happening at PAX and
everything it's like I could see I could
see it like if it was for whatever
reason on like a a disc or something you
know popping the disc out point in your
pocket and run out of the well something
like that happened at the last packs
didn't it do we do we report on that or
somebody had got it on like copied it to
a USB drive or something and ran yeah I
was it was I forget what game was but
yeah I do remember that hmm but anyways
so apparently the two games divinity
dragon commander and divinity original
sin have been stolen from Larry learning
studios and they've actually posted a
reward of $5,000 for anybody that can
you know point fingers at who took them
it was breach was the game that was
stolen at PAX oh I'm sorry yeah it's just
weird I'm surprised apparently you know
they were using backup PC so there's no
issues with new actual code being so
yeah only make sense you back up that
stuff is the only copy of the code that
we have here yeah wouldn't be too ah
shit but still still shitty that they
have to you know plan that well I mean
I mean back which is but it's shitty if
somebody stole in the first place shit I
mean come on it's gotta be on security
cameras you're gonna notice someone hug
you know how do you not notice first I
do it's a PC don't they have to like
unplug a bunch of shit and you know pull
it out of there and I mean you're
hauling this giant PC with you I mean
doesn't that look at a little bit
suspicious I mean when somebody going
through the car going hey why is that
guy got a PC with him I mean that that
seems a little suspicious to me game
grew in our chat room with the
inappropriate joke guest appearance by
Carmen San Diego yeah yeah when whomp
whomp all right let's move on one more
story before the mailbag for you guys
this is also out of Gamescom something a
little better than stolen things a little
seminar about how to pitch your indie
game to Sony oh excuse me this is not
excuse me this is not out of Gamescom
but close it's another Europe convention
I sound like such an ignorant American
right now my apologies it's game
developers conference Europe GDC Europe
also happened last week you may or not
have heard but yeah there was a seminar
by Pete Smith who is the Sony cross dev
director of product development talking
about basically what you should and you
shouldn't do when you pitch your indie
game he said quote I'm sick of sitting
through crap development pitches hmm
dark soccer let's play a game word let's
see if you can guess what would be some
of the do's and some of the don'ts if
you're gonna pitch your indie game what
are some of the do's and some of the
don'ts what would be your guess Loki if
you haven't spoiled this for yourself
already you can play too well no cheating
what to do when you're pitching it and
what not to do yeah what would you do to
pitch it and what what's what makes a
good pitch and what doesn't make a good
pitch well with a good pitch you want to
definitely have some presentation
materials like concept art something
that's gonna be solid you want to have
something well written out spelled
correctly ding ding ding we have have
assets this these include a one-page
overview screenshots or video all on a
USB stick for the publisher to keep
don't waste time or money on swag good
yeah I mean it's nice to have something
kind of neat to throw in it but no one's
gonna invest any money if they don't
have at least an appetizer instead of
the meat and potatoes you know they need
to see what the vision is need to have a
projection need to see you know have a
financial comparison to see if there's
other games of a similar genre what
they're making money with and how this
is going to compare to them you know
financial presentation what not to do is
just say oh I've got an idea for a game
we give me money not to harass them with
phone calls you send the first email you
send them the test product you send a
follow-up you wait for a response you
know those aren't neither one that's not
really on the list per se but I still
think that's good advice I don't think
that's necessarily wrong similar answers
are there Loki did you cheat I didn't
cheat all right what would you guess a
pitch features tits and ass I you know
what I will give that credit because on
the do not list is be boring so certainly
that is the opposite of boring be boring
is on the do not list I don't think that
they want it try to stay away from like
graphs and charts maybe I'll make more
just quick summaries of like here's
here's my story here's you know the
concept that type of thing again the
opposite is true so D need that on the
do list keep your visuals simple and
bold basically so yeah so any house on
the do list know what your game is be
able to pitch it in 30 seconds yeah keep
your visuals simple and bold you don't
have to you want it you want to show off
gameplay not graphics exactly you want
to be succinct research focus don't ask
them what a Vita is really if you're
gonna pitch to Sony don't ask them what
a Vita is really really I have something
for your Vita system I have a vital game
for the Vita well actually there's
something else that occurred to me and I
didn't look look at your screen that's
haven't seen anything sure you want to
make sure that the person making the
pitch knows how to speak in front of
people and then enunciate mm-hmm and has
presence practice your pitch and choose
the right person yeah or both there for
real huh practice your pitch and choose
the right person for the pitch someone
who can talk about the game to a room of
suits with ease exactly and who the
average person does not know corporate
speak sorry let's see also on the list
here be able to adapt because some games
often don't end up what their pitch
manage your expectations Sony isn't
gonna back a game unless it benefits them
as well as you so be prepared to
negotiate that IP I think that's a very
realistic answer there let's see I think
we hit on some of these other sell
yourself as a company and as individuals
I think that's very interesting because
they say that you have to be able to
work with the people not just the idea
very interesting they say media molecule
was a great example of this Sony wanted
to work with the people they followed
through media molecule probably brought
us one of the greatest Sony games ever
period little big planet show passion if
you don't care why will they hi I'm Ben
Stein and here's my game all right
lastly on the do not list then we'll
move on don't be boring don't bitch and
whine about other developers or
publishers I think that's great advice
don't burn your bridges and they just
say it's a small industry very true
don't spend the entire time on your
pitch because you want room for Q&A
don't bullshit I you know there's
already a million bullshit terms that
though the people have used to fool the
public like remember blast processing
yeah that's true yeah you know what all
that was that was the only thing the
Genesis did better than the Super
Nintendo just saying you know or like
look at these graphics blah blah blah no
substance you know that's bullshitting
right there you just show them pretty
like what was heavenly sword Jane enemy
crabs know it also has blast processing
hmm Chipotle all right here's the big
ones from the do not list these are
actually on the list and I Jamie you're
just gonna go like really they have to
tell people this really first Dave do do
not tell the publisher how to do their
job don't tell Sony why they're a bad
publisher don't be late yeah and don't
you ready for the last shut up tiger
claw mode 7 was awesome what you ready
for the last one don't be hungover
really there don't be hungover because a
lot of pitches are done at these types
of e3 GDC big events right after a big
parties don't come drunk the next day
really yep really food for thought they
suggest that you know you have the rest
of your life to drink so that if you
have a presentation the next day maybe
you just shouldn't party the night
before and not everyone has my mutant
power to never have a hangover just
saying a dungeon buster says wow those
had to be on a list I know right tiger
claw says by the way someone should
pitch the olr the game it's already
happening remember we got an indie game
coming to the marketplace the bungee
ferret tossing which I'm told is very
soon it's happening soon I totally want
to do a bumper play our game damn it I
love I let Joe video wins with this
comment and don't fuck it up yes
RuPaul's Drag Race references will
always win I will purchase the over day
as product you win ma'am alright let's
get to the mail bag every week we
collect your mails is at mailbag at
orange lounge radio.com there's my
mailbag music dark soccer is going to
put on her protective garb and dive into
the mailbag headfirst and pull out some
emails to read for use dark soccer I
don't think you're whistling is getting
picked up but I felt like whistling
anyway hi olr hi enthusiastic emailer
I'm currently listening to episode 469
now live I'm sorry you wrote I and but I
think you meant and I heard Rob request
emails for codes I'm so jealous of other
live listeners because I cannot F and
type fast enough well did you not screen
the emails because we're going to have
those emails that are like give me loot
because we have loot now I'm going to
read it all right that's fine if I get
the code I will find some way to get
Loki to don the tingle costume come hell
or high water
that's from spasmator I'm not sure if I
understand how that's going to happen I
don't believe that I was ever it'll be
like Loki saw drugs or violence saw off
your leg or we're hurting if I die live
or die or tingle make your choice the
song I don't well come on like what do
we have now yearly paranormal activity
movies Silent Hill revelations I know
thank you very much so the trailer right
mm-hmm do you see the poster contest I
was so pissed off I missed the poster
contest I think I would have won but
anyway would have won for people who
write would of should of its would have
out would have should have would have
the V actually is from half saying hi
okay hey all our people this is honey
but I knew honey badger was gonna email
cuz honey badger told me an email aka
blade 3 aka Sam call me whatever either
way I just wanted to tell a little story
about a funny experience with EA EA has
been distinguished as being the world's
shittiest company about two copies of
the same game via origin basically a
friend and I were looking for a way to
play mercenaries two together because it
was a cheap sale for it so I bought it
with my origin account for me and then
for him but wait origin does not have
the feature to let you gift a copy of a
game so I told my friend I would log in
as him and buy it for him and I did my
next move was contact EA to refund one
of the games and after all I never
access the download a game in any way
and so why would there be a problem
there so I pulled up EA live chat the
rep I spoke to knew about one sentence
of English so that was great I told the
rep I want an American customer support
number and he gave it to me of course I
had to wait till business hours to call
which I did and I told the American rep
about my problem and he gladly refunded
me no harm no foul we then had a
conversation in which he told me origin
and the entire EA digital game system is
a travesty and is complete garbage I
thought that says a lot when your own
employees tell customers that they agree
that their system is shit so that's all
I just thought I so that's all just
thought it was funny keep up the good
work Sam there's really truly only one
thing I can say about all of that what
I'm gonna say there's hostile employees
at every workplace so that's true this
company sucks I ain't working here
they're always the best because they'll
give you the most stuff because they
hate their job okay PS upon trying to
play to place Mercs 2 online we found
out EA no longer ran servers for the
game and did not release a dedicated
server for people to play overland PSS
what's even better is that the copy of
Mercs 2 I was refunded for still works
and I got my money revenge woo a winner
is you way to work this system okay
it's because you got the employee who
who checked out years ago this comes
from Sam another Sam hi Sam dark soccer
never ceases to bring up important
points why thank you because I know I'm
awesome dark soccer has me wondering if
the next PlayStation and Xbox will have
the same controllers as the current
systems or will they be redesigned what
do you all think I'll be redesigned
there there's always a some type of
redesign but think about this remember I
don't I mean I don't know the marine
controls is exactly what I was gonna say
I don't know how long Sam's been
following video game news but remember
when the PlayStation 3 was first revealed
they had that boomerang controller and
everything what's this uncomfortable
looking shit literally the internet all
in unison went lol what and so they went
back to a controller that kind of looked
like the DualShock 2 except they looked
exactly like the DualShock 2 but it had
six axis remember was the big six axis
because we can't put DualShock in it
anymore because the lawsuit although
that finally worked itself out and they
put it back in there but you don't need
rumble rumble was so last-gen and I need
rumble anybody rumble was so last-gen
Ridge Racers gonna use six axis so
here's the deal which is pile of crap
PlayStation 4 probably not gonna buck
the trend too much I mean I would think
maybe one thing they're gonna try to do
I don't I don't know why I'm just
putting my little light little tinfoil
hat I think it'll kind of look like a
ps3 controller but they're gonna try to
push that rear touch thing on those
controllers it's gonna be a little
ridiculous but that's just what I think
I can see that but I think the basic
design isn't gonna change Xbox will
change somewhat I think even the
controller the controller design changed
within that first as deep remember the
remember the first Xbox was gigantic
those gigantic Xbox controls and they
scaled them down and then the Xbox 360
controller was relatively similar enough
you know well and if now looking at
other systems I think Nintendo is gonna
have a different controller every
second time yeah I mean that that's the
one that is radically different every
time that never looked really much
difference was the well even when they
brought out the top loading nest they
had this nest style controller kind of
but there was still a basic paddle and
button layout you know now the ones that
I as far as logical redesigns have gone
as if you take the Sega systems gone for
the master system gone to the Genesis
gone to the six button Genesis
controller to the Saturn that had a
similar controller to the Genesis to the
dual analog controller which I was I
will stand on this to this day best
controller ever then the Dreamcast
carry the similar style to the the I
just said it the dual analog controller
because it made sense it was comfortable
it looks hard but it's super comfortable
10 to 64 what the fuck was Nintendo
thinking but I mean I think that using
the those examples I think that the
company's the the powers that be except
for Nintendo have learned their lesson
for making too many variables in you
know when it comes to controller
progression and are sticking with the
tried-and-true shape this I mean I may
not be the biggest Sony fan but I have
to say that the controller has always
had an ergonomically comfortable shape
I do find it easier to hold it than I do
an Xbox controller even though I tend to
like games better on Xbox the PlayStation
controller is easier to hold I think
they'll stick with it one thing to keep
in mind to free move on to the next
email is that keep in mind the next Xbox
is going to be very heavy on this whole
whatever the new Kinect is whatever this
advanced Kinect is Microsoft wants
Kinect to happen I mean I guess Kinect
already has happened but they want it to
be more than a fad they're gonna shove
this thing down your throat in the next
Xbox so even though yes there will be a
tangible controller there has to be for
the halo games expect that Microsoft
will make a big deal out of the whole
hands free now you can control it with
your fingers because it's so precise you
can just use your little finger better
be things you're gonna use little fingers
to point at things that's awesome expect
that play the controller as much as I
want to like that concept I think that
you're dealing with to the the bulk of
gamers at least that have the money to
afford any of this are going to be in our
age group people who have grown up with
a controller in their hand and they've
tried this before with like remember the
u-force oh that was crap or the
activator they've tried hands-free
controllers before and true the
technology wasn't what it is today I
mean definitely Kinect is I'd have to
say up at the best of it but the very
least with Nintendo and with the move
you've still got something tangible that
you can hold people like that tactile
experience and you remember that thing
that they were making for so you could
feel the textures of things and games
yeah how it was that thing was kind of
cool the haptic stuff yeah that was
pretty cool but I mean everybody said
it was going to be in the next iPad so
good okay now your iPad will touch you
oh baby no but the whole point like I
said oh you put your dick on it people
like a tactile experience I bet they do
that's what I'm talking about you guys
are children seriously but logically
take away the five-year-old laughing at
everything am I right would do you
prefer to have something in your hand
while you play or do you like waving
your hands in the air unless you're
playing para para the yeah it's
acceptable if I'm playing dance central
that's really the only game and and it's
clones those those dancing games are
really the only ones that have really
been a great experience dancing even the
fitness stuff if that actually works you
know mm-hmm yeah when the fitness games
work yeah yeah I'll agree with that same
thing same thing with the we you know
and all that but um like for I just
bitched about this last week of the week
before that Disneyland Connect I want to
pick up a controller and play it yeah
oh and especially when you're dealing
it's like they're trying to retrain an
entire generation of gamers they want
all the newer ones coming in to have a
different experience and we did where
I'm sorry we're the ones with the money
and there's nothing wrong with having a
controller you know now the only
advantage like I said I can see for
having some of this is like if someone's
got my you know horrific hand problems
but what did I do I stopped playing on
the consoles and started playing on my
PC well I think also that they want to
get rid of the controller because a lot
of elderly and older people think that
controllers are too confusing and so
it's like all you have to do is wave
your hands oh I can do that I wave my
hands at old random strangers all the
time so I'm totally used to this my hand
to get kids off my lawn I can use I can
use this as another kind of analogy here
I would I was in band and Rob you know
this you were in band what you play
clarinet yes okay well I put clarinet
too so hush but anyone who's a musician
also knows that when you play an
instrument it's not necessarily that
your brain learns it is that your
fingers learn what to do you know you
can I bet you anything that if I picked
up my saxophone I could still play
through any number of scales and not
think about it because my fingers have
been trained to do this my reflex is
trained the same goes with playing a
game after a while it's that your
fingers your thumbs become accustomed to
doing certain things you're not actively
thinking that you're doing it you just
make a decision and you do it you know
it's instinct it becomes was it motor
response isn't that what it's called
motor memory or something yeah and so I
think that's the other thing too is that
if you look at the people who are worse
with with being coordinated like actual
dancing and everything I can't dance for
crap but I can you know I can play a
game I can you are like a son of a bitch
exactly well exactly because that has to
do more with the same thing that's you
know it's a different type of your it's
and you have your hand eye coordination
going but you don't have something
that's going to be an abstract movement
as something that has attacked our
response so anyway
fair enough next email I forgot what I
was saying oh yeah hi olr just wanted to
type you a small email and let you know
the last week show for wait for 69 was
awesome nice job I also wanted to say
that Shane was right about sound shapes
and Rob your review was excellent it is
truly a great game in a breath of fresh
air for the Vita Loki I know you were an
FPS fan are you going to get into CS go
what's that no probably not gonna get
into counter strike go thank you I was
like what that he's like I'm on the beta
now it's pretty to play one yeah it's a
free to play one but I never played I
never really played counter strike so
well he says I'm on the beta now it's
pretty good old-school counter strike
with a new look anywho keep up the great
work Travis well thank you for the
compliments I love getting emails where
it's just nothing but compliments really
really first-person shooters to come on
my second my second place genre of
choice you know whereas you like bugs I
like sans sandbox games yes I do need to
go back to play she do or more sleeping
dogs because that's pretty awesome but
I'm really it's just all killing time
before granted the five comes out and
then it's just that's all it's gonna be
that and also maybe a quick you know
excursion to at the fence force on the
Vita when that comes out the end of
September in Japan can't wait all right
let's get a little bit angsty here with
the F you that's it for the mailbag
right yes mailbag at orange lounge radio
calm if you want to send us an email in
the future in the meantime let's get
angsty
if use the week time dark Sakura this is
going to be difficult for me to say but
I did say it on my facebook and got into
an argument with my mother of course I
can see anything on Facebook about
getting into argue with my mother fuck
that I would like to say a current fu to
the Republican Party and their choice of
who's running and his running mate I
don't think that I and I really am trying
not to be judgmental I mean okay I'm a
judgmental bitch anyway but it doesn't
matter but anyone who supports that
level of evil I don't know that I would
be able to look them in the eye so fuck
that level of evil and then
see I guess if you to
I don't know be burnt out at work
I hear ya I would say it's kind of a
similar f you not that I like nothing
like I'm burned out on work as I really
do like my job but just f you to the
fact that I'm starting a class next week
it's like oh god it's at my first class
like nine months and it's gonna be the
long hours again and prepare to get no
sleep and all that stuff I'm just like f
you do the toll it's about to take on my
body and more importantly and f you to a
real toll on my body f you to myself for
overdoing it at the gym Monday because
like I really hurt my leg by I guess I
didn't stretch good enough beforehand
or I did too much resistance and on the
bike because I do a lot of cardio and
yeah I was paying for it for like five
days I couldn't go back to the gym I
really wanted to go if I may hmm and
this is what has been drilled into my
head by all of I used to be really good
friends with one of my gym the ladies
that talk classes at my gym and you're
supposed to do a five-minute light warm
up then stretch then do your stuff oh I
didn't do that I mean I do I do the
light never stretch your muscles hold
just go right in there high resistance
obviously I tried to do the up down like
the little you know up and down like
type of thing but circuit style I guess
but I don't like circuit implies to me
you do five minutes on every machine I'm
not at that level yet you know I just I
it's if I can get my fat ass on a bike
and roll around on it for an hour that
is an accomplishment for me so but um
it's you never want to work out with
muscles that are cold you always want
like Dan you should just go sit in a
sauna before he did anything anything
but honestly you actually want to work
and then stretch and then work hmm
interesting yeah just learning something
we fit didn't tell me that or maybe it
didn't I wasn't like I said you know all
the time I used to spend working out so
all right just a couple more news
stories for you guys and then the
skype line at 1 8 7 7 game olr as well
as the Twitter topics have to get out my
iPad and see if there are any and any
last-minute stories Loki might have but
first two final stories for you guys
Loki all right so one of the games I
mentioned that played this week was
castle miner Z which is sold 900,000
copies and apparently is one of the
fastest-selling Xbox live indie games
not sure if it's the fastest selling one
but I know because I know I made a
zombie games in it all right look sorry
about that game with zombies in it sold
quite a bit and then I'm sure there's
been some other ones that have done
well as a part of the indie games
program but it's definitely one of the
most recent ones according to the
developer and then also I guess it is at
the top of the daily best-selling area
of xbox.com right now and it's only 80
microsoft points so if you want to check
it out I'm sure there's also a lot of
other good games for 80 microsoft points
on the indie games as well and another
unrelated news minecraft 7 million
copies sold on PC so that's pretty cool
so that genre of game seems to be doing
pretty well it just won't die the
phenomenon will not stop well something
that has stopped a guitar hero or at
least it's on ice for a little while and
now the lawsuits can begin they of
course started some time ago but uh you
know we talked about no doubts lawsuit
well they're not the only ones that are
suing Activision over the whole guitar
hero and band hero stuff axle rose
remember Guns N' Roses well axle rose had
a preliminary hearing about the guitar
hero 3 lawsuit apparently there is a
tentative court date in February 2013
axle rose is pissed about the game which
came out in late 2007 as a reminder and
it will finally go to court in 2013
apparently it unlawfully associated Guns
N' Roses music with slash who as you
know was formerly with good Guns N'
Roses and him and axle rose they don't
get along so axle rose was pissed about
that basically saying slash was
associated with these songs but they're
not his song so fuck all y'all right well
the judge during the preliminary hearing
wanted to toss out the claim of fraud
because the statute of limitations has
expired however let's see it came up
here quote the reason I did not file a
lawsuit because Activision through my
managers and representatives offered me
a separate video game and other business
proposals worth millions of dollars to
resolve and settle my claims relating to
guitar hero 3 from December 2007 through
November 2010 Activision was offering me
a Guns N' Roses dedicated video game a
game dedicated to music from the Chinese
democracy album and other proposals
interesting so the judge did dismiss the
claim of fraud but the breach of
contract it is moving forward for
February 1st 2013 so that's why it took
axle rose three years to file a lawsuit
because they were basically cock teasing
him about his own game or so he claims
allegedly all that good stuff but it
makes sense why they decided not to do
it because when guitar hero Van Halen
and band hero and all that kind of
oversaturated the market you know I
don't those artists centric video games
none of them really did very well the
only one that did marginally good was
the Beatles and when the Beatles can
only do marginally successful it's not
good enough you know the Green Day one
didn't do so hot Van Halen not so great
what was the other one there was one
more guitar hero italica allah oh god
that was not just not a good game so
raman our chat room says a dedicated
actual rose game and Aerosmith does it
come complete with heroin does it come
with shame and a bottle of vodka oh I
like his better welcome to unemployment
all right you know what what I need to
find something different for the fortune
cookie real quick it's the best thing
ever so hold on all right you do that
send it to me in private message we'll
switch it out all right uh skype lines
open guys one eight seven seven game olr
or our username on skype is orange
lounge radio go ahead and give us a call
if you want to talk about anything we've
talked about in the news tonight or
maybe you have something new I don't
know I'm gonna do some quick Twitter
topics we don't have a lot of them but
we do have a couple of them SSJ 100 Matt
sent us a tweet and I think I already
know what this is without going to it
but he says it's a tweet that says this
is how China gets rid of outlawed arcade
machines or what they call gambling
machines and he sends us a link to a
story from arcade heroes calm yep I had
a feeling look at all these arcade
machines on fire they just set them on
fire burn it with fire burn it with fire
and there they go Loki do you have any
last-minute stories for us no I forgot
to mention it as part of my gaming week
I actually played mega zooks that's
right the old ZZT type game actually
booted that up I was like oh hey I'll
make something in this and then I
realized how out of practice and making
stuff with mega zooks I was so I said
that fuck it don't care anymore I
remember mega zooks that's awesome it
was awesome good times all right let's
go to some tweets from Tiger claw heavy
rain director tells game industry it's
time to grow up before I even get into
the article what do you guys think is it
time for the games industry to grow up
here's we mean by grow up here's here's
the one goes to one corner the other
goes to another corner here's the pole
here's the pole quote from gamasutra
which Tiger claw linked us to on Twitter
at twitter.com slash olr I mean how many
first-person shooters can you make
there's a moment where we need to grow
up and that's David cage who is the
director of beyond two souls you know
I'm sorry it sounds like he needs a grow
up because he's just it sounds like he's
whining that heavy rain didn't sell as
well you know what they're making games
that sell well hold on though because I
do agree with this you know that pole
quote is a little sensational but let's
get into the full quote here now I'm in
the article quote I think we should have
more courage in our industry and take
more risks because I think this is what
the industry needs now I mean how many
first-person shooters can you make how
many monsters alien zombies can you
killing games there's a moment where we
need to grow up we need to grow up I
think I often think the industry suffers
at the Peter Pan syndrome it's the fact
that we don't want to grow up so we stay
kids but there is a moment where you
need to grow up as an industry and you
cannot keep up with the Peter Pan
syndrome you need to grow and I think
this is the right time maybe I don't
agree so much with the second part of
that but the first part about they need
some different shit I kind of agree with
it like you know who isn't sick of sequel
sequel sequel sequel I mean granted I
guess in some ways we support it but I
do like a lot of the new ideas you know
if we did never experimented with new
ideas we wouldn't have recent hits like
Mass Effect or Little Big Planet or
which granted all spawn their own
sequels but you know good games even on
the indie side braid limbo Mass Effect
kind of turned into just a shooter with
this story but I'm just I think that the
reason why they're not taking risks
right now because whenever they seem to
try to take risks they end up not selling
well those games and you know some of
these companies are in trouble like THQ
for example they took a risk with you
know making that whole you know tablet
drawing pad thing because everyone's
like oh hey cool it's like you know like
Mario Paint and then no one bought it
and then you know they're they're out a
lot of money because that franchise
never took off or you know Tony Hawk
they made you know the stupid game with
the skateboard and that was taking risks
and no one bought it and then they did
you know DJ hero and that was kind of
taking risks as well in the music genre
and I thought it's a pretty cool game
but not that many people bought it so
this is what you get pretty ourselves
mad mad world there's another example of
a game that took risks on the Wii no one
bought it um conduit pretty awesome
first-person shooter game on the Wii no
one bought it so that's where your risk
come back left act Epton chat says I
bought Mario Paint well yeah you bought
Mario Paint but you didn't buy the
tablet that thq put out or the one that
Ubisoft put out I am I am woefully
neglecting the skype line over here let
me take some call I just missed that one
let me take this one though there's two
calls lighting up right now hi you're an
orange sauce radio who's this the new
soccer here hey Zaku what's on your mind
buddy nothing much just recovering
of a actually just recovering from like
going up my girlfriend today and
everything and kings of the coast
yesterday recovering huh yeah get it um
yeah that is true I would have competed
today but yes as I have relationship and
everything she comes first wait a minute
the expert of it so okay so there is it
there was a 2dx tournament today there
was the kings of the coast at 8 on the
break so and you you you now you you've
been called in you've been calling in on
the show for a long time to talk about
bimani games odd stuff and you know I
know you I know you love your your old
school games and so forth but am I
hearing it right that now you have to
say you you you turned your back on
bimani today so you could get laid is
that what I'm hearing that and what and
and watching expendables too with her
which she actually like enjoyed like
even though she was kind of hesitant at
first she actually enjoyed watching old
man like shoot guns and kill people well
she's a keeper I think that's amazing
that finally it's the Zaku is now
officially over bimani everybody and
not really girls are going for today
only for that day I mean I might compete
next year if I'm more prepared but right
now it's like I didn't want to bother
this year because I said we already like
been dating for for a little over six
months now so it's like it makes sense
to just skip this this path and try the
next one mm-hmm there will definitely be
another Kings of the Coast next year
given the fact that it was like it was
packed last it was packed yesterday and
a lot of people entered I think they're
about they're almost wrapping up the
doubles tournament right now as we speak
what version of 2dx do they have out
there in Jersey link oh wow they have
out not far from me and Queens nice
that's not you know what though it's not
hard to pack eight on the break I seem
to remember it was kind of a small place
is it well because the arcade machines
took up a lot of room it would be hard
to pack that joint and I say the same
thing about SVGL what is similar I mean
it's it's not hard to pack that place
because there's not a lot of space
anyways speaking or let's digress a
little bit sure I'm gonna like post up a
link to an article that you probably
like already discussed in uh probably
earlier before I got on maybe about the
Assassin's Creed 3 director basically
chiding Japanese games and playing the
race card because they're basically
getting a free pass actually we didn't
bring this up earlier so I'm glad you
are go ahead and tell us a little bit
about this all right long story short
the director of the creative director of
Assassin's Creed 3 Alex Hutchinson he
basically went on a rant earlier last
earlier last weekend and in deriding why
like a certain like Japanese games are
getting like free passes like something
about me I saying stuff about like
Japanese just how many Japanese games
are released where the stories are
literally gibberish literally gibberish
there's no way you could write it with a
straight face and you're gonna say oh
really yeah let me let me let me read
this quote here and this is what you're
going off of here and this is in an
interview with CVG he said just think
about how many Japanese games are
released where their stories are
literally literally gibberish literally
gibberish there's no way you could write
it with a straight face and journalists
say oh it's brilliant then Gears of War
comes out and apparently it's the worst
written narrative in a game ever I'll
take Gears of War over Bayonetta every
any time it's patronizing to say oh
those Japanese stories they don't really
mean what they're doing I don't get why
critics didn't like Gears of War that's
news to me and I don't like better game
when he talks about the whole deal but
the real kicker is like the his first
response you want my real answer I think
there's a subtle racism in the business
especially on the journalist side where
Japanese developers are forgiven for
doing what they do I think it's
condescending to do this so he really
like goes off the bat he really like
goes through the juggler on the first on
the first sentence I just I think he's I
mean what about we just talked I'll tell
you what we did talk about earlier in
the show Final Fantasy you know the
Final Fantasy 13 did get hazed for a lot
of that stuff and being too linear in a
way and then of course 14 got right
through the damn coals so well 14 was an
abomination because it was poorly
executed and the fact that so many like
gaps and in the beginning and then to
the point where they had actually you
know the creative director and the
producers had to like hand in the
resignations it was just a cluster
whereas if you I mean if you look at
other American RPGs like Skyrim which
I'm actually going through right now
thank you steam sale of last month but
you see how how how verse that game is
like it's getting to the point where
I'm like putting at least two hours a
night right now just on Skyrim alone
because it's like so much so many things
to do you can level up your character if
you wanted to continue on the side on
the main quest do some side quests try
your luck in killing Giants and so it's
also but it's almost like a GTA but with
actual like goals towards like beefing
up your character stats and I think
what goes wrong with a with Japanese
games like Final Fantasy it only sticks
to I mean there is an open world there
is a concept of an open world but
everything is pretty much linear in the
sense that you have to do x mission y
mission side quests and obviously we did
the occasional grinding there's no like
there's no retribution where you could
attack freely any other type of enemy
because the combat system is so like
it's so rigid in the sense that you
randomly encounter enemies you have to
fight within within that realm of your
enemy versus your characters I mean I'm
going I'm using Final Fantasy 7 as a
frame of reference but you get the idea
that the way like but that's the like it
you know I'll do like Squeenix was just
thinking outside the box and applying
what they've already done best why can't
people just like what they like let's
just like what we like and leave people
alone well I mean I don't understand why
he's got it you know some people like
the Japanese stuff and let it be but I
don't think just because you like one
Japanese game means you love them all or
just because you love Jeff all Japanese
games there's gonna be a few you hate
you know I don't know just it's just way
too broad of a statement and I'm hoping
this is just media sensationalism here
that we're only perpetuating with this
call because I I would really just hope
that he's not that narrow-minded I don't
know so all right Zaku I gotta wrap up
let you go so we get more calls any
other thoughts here before I let you go
oh that was about it all right have fun
and be safe be safe definitely all right
bye 1 877 game olr or username on skype
is orange lounge radio if you want to
give us a call I'll probably have you
guys take the next call because I need
to go I need to go start dinner so 1 877
game olr or username on skype orange
launch radio I think I missed a Twitter
topic did you yeah there was one because
I was in the middle of one but then
there was a second one that Tiger Claude
sent that I wanted to get to Oh never
mind I have a reprieve so dark soccer a
Loki one of you can take this call you
ready here we go hello this is this is
orange on radio what do you want well
how are you this evening Jim Sally I'm
doing good I'm so glad you picked up the
phone today yeah should I use my phone
operator voice oh yeah did you do your
phone operator voice and I'll do my
annoying Portuguese mama voice
it's gonna be good you can see now I'm
laughing too just put your stuff in the
corner so what's up otherwise I was
calling to have a discussion about the
new walking dead game that I downloaded
on my iPad this weekend walking dead
walking dead it's my telltale and it's
nice what we like telltale telltale I
like them too man look it's good it's
gonna be a little bit of a spoiler
review because I only played the first
like half hour of it anyway it's first
episode so spoilers are okay there was
a scene listen it was to see when I was
in the house and the zombie came out to
me a little zombie like babysitter shit
and I kicked that zombie in the snatch
and then the zombie the zombie fell down
and I picked up the hammer oh my god
like you you schmuck the zombie in the
face of the hammer and until toes like
hey would you like to stop or keep
going I was like okay I'll keep smashing
this thing in the face when you smash
it that's the kind of options gamers
want yet satisfied it was gross yet
satisfied would you like to see more we
could get enough of it and it's so
simple like it's so like it was a little
bit they say it's just point-and-click
but there is a bit of a quick time to it
every now and again that you're gonna do
but it's like baby quick time you know
what I'm saying yeah like it's pretty
baby quick time which is exactly what I
need on a Sunday night when I've been
having salad it's not really so anyway
anyway hey I also wanted is Rob even
around and Rob Lee Rob was being
domestic just got back hi Jim Sally hi
Rob Roberts how are you I'm good I'm
being domestic right now so I I had to
walk away from the studio for a minute
but what's up listen listen Rob hmm
right I started I started shopping for
microphones are you are you setting up
the Jim Sally Studios think so man I
think it's time for I think it's time
for pillow talk man are you started I
even started making a little theme music
and stuff man for the show I gave like I
gave Jim Sally a name for his show
because Jim Sally suggested he be the
opener for the opener like he could open
for Bobby which I don't consider Bobby an
opener I consider him a cohead liner but
since he calls himself an opener I'll go
with that Jim Sally said he could be the
opener for the opener but I said well
Jim I think you would be better as the
closer and you could be pillow talk with
Jim Sally like right as we go off the
air he could like read you all a bed
time story now go the fuck to sleep
you're listening to the night train with
Jim Sally like that the night train
that's good that's good all I'm saying
I'm just throwing it out there for you
for you Jim or for anybody out there in
the in the universe listening to this
show vog network we are very interested
in getting some movie podcast would be
great book podcast is like at the top of
my want list right now be it manga
comic or written book and bugging my
wife also wrote I I would love to see
like a role play bit like an old-school
tabletop gaming and it could be larping
Dungeons & Dragons and I love love love
so do this I love love love the idea of
a game that is podcast like somebody
who's not sure that would be difficult
somebody who's actually running a game
to be podcast it's done everyone at the
table would need a microphone now I get
some good food mics well that or and
you'd have to have the die cam you see
them rolling and see who's cheating at
the table oh and I didn't nudge that
that was I sneezed Jamie just rolled a
seven on the 20-sided die so this means
that she has failed her intelligence
check please which would be really sad given that you know if I failed an
intelligence check with a seven given that I know okay that's really giving it
away but but for real although I will say
this as much as I am teasing Jim Sally
with the idea of starting his own show
involved we do like to look for
established shows we we want something
to kind of go off of like we need a
couple episodes under your belt so we
know you're serious about it because we
are not looking for shows that are gonna
do it for two weeks and then quit that
would be the problem so anyhow anyhow
why don't you leave the microphone on
today when you leave but I'll go do some
pillow talk there I'm ready for it that
I'm okay with I got a review of of 21
jump Street quick here's a little here's
a little review snippet that maybe you're
gonna hear about it has a lot of a dick
jokes in it you know is it best use of
comedic dick in 2010 you know for a show
that would end up being on like after
midnight on the East Coast on a Sunday
night Monday morning I anything goes
really anything goes that's Jim Sally
anything goes my bitches and hoes all
right Jim anything else you want to share
with us tonight before we let you go uh I
would just like to say thank you for the
encouragement and and I'm going to try
really hard to do stuff for you you're
welcome anytime anytime buddy all right
take care and give a gift give baby a
kiss for me mwah I'm biting my pillow
right now careful all right bye does he
know what that means I don't you you use
that word but I don't think it means
what you think it means all right if we
did a tabletop gaming cast it would have
to be called roll to hit I'd like what
was the comment in chat chiggers says
call it reroll I like that that's a good
one Stan says I want to see an anime
show on vogue network rama might want to
let you know there is one on Tuesdays at
630 Pacific what they're you there you
see answering listeners demands I want
to see an anime show on vogue Network
alright tune in on Tuesday done technically
you don't see it all right is there any
more calls gonna come in one oh hello
Twitter I forgot Twitter yeah Rob stop
forgetting Twitter the hell was that all
that forgetting what that was a weird
noise all right rama in chat says thank
you you're welcome baby okay one more
tweet from tiger claw god I fucking hate
this when you go to mobile websites game
spot now has a free iPad app click OK to
get that fuck no one car I wanted your
app I would go download it the worst are
the ones with the gigantic splash screen
so obviously tiger claw linked me to a
game spot article oh but there's a call
coming in so you'll just have to wait
and see what it's about
hi you're on orange launch radio who's
this well hello there fine oler Ian's
it's stir luck I got called fine what's
up stir luck not too much I don't know
if you talked about the Vita firmware
update in part a I kind of missed a lot
of it briefly it let off our rapid-fire
news tonight but go ahead it was we talk
quickly about it so what do you want to
say about it um well it kind of makes me
want a Vita now what what a firmware
update makes you want a Vita what is it
about the firmware update that makes you
want it because they added a feature
that should have been in there from the
beginning which is use of the buttons in
the home screen which you would think
would have been in there by default but
I don't know what the hell so he was
thinking now something the listeners may
not remember about you from previous
phone calls to the show but you're blind
right yep so this is something that is
kind of important if you're trying to
navigate that was literally I was pretty
stoked for the Vita when I heard about
some of the games that were coming to it
especially like Mortal Kombat something
like sound shapes too is awesome you know
I think I think even being you know with
blind the way you kind of interact with
the sounds and the fact that the sounds
kind of drive the stage a little bit I
think you'd get a kick out of it um okay
to have um how prevalent is the
touchscreen and sound chips I don't
really done a lot of research into it or
is it all button-based you don't have to
use it at all if you want to design
stages you have to use it a little bit
but if you interesting when I have to
check that one out I think I think you
get a kick out of it I'm also a big fan
of the Riven rhythm heaven slash Tengoku
series on the GBA and DS and we most
recently those are pretty awesome do you
think that maybe Sony realized you know
oops we're not really being
accommodating all people I know some
people that did send letters to them
about it and not all of them being blind
I've heard even a lot of sighted people
bitching so it's it's not just a blind
thing it's a convenience thing also it is
true like sometimes you don't like you
don't need to be all touchy-feely with
the game system like sometimes it's it's
fine to let me put it this way I like my
buttons one of the bitches I had about
sound shapes on the Vita was that it
wasn't nearly as precise on the Vita in
in the design phase the game phase is
fine but the design phase isn't nearly
as precise on the Vita because you have
to use like that back touch panel to
like stretch things and you know put
them where you want and stuff and it
kind of stinks but when you play on the
PlayStation 3 you can use the controller
and you get that precision much more
with the analog sticks yeah yeah it's
much better so that was you know pretty
awesome a bitch of mine so yeah all
right well stir lock anything else you
want to share a listeners tonight um I
don't know I was just having random
thoughts actually I don't remember where
I found it now but Jim Sally was talking
about like D&D sessions and like podcast
worm I've seen that done before and it's
pretty awesome it is it is I would love
to get a show like that on that would be
funny though like doing the whole you
know World Series of Poker style
commentary like Dark Sakura has deployed
her 20-sided die she's currently
attempting her saving throw I was low
and she didn't quite make it I would
love it but you know we'll have to we'll
have to see what's out there because you
know as Bobby's emphasizing in chat we
are kind of looking for shows that are
already you know because we don't really
want to bring on show again it's all
about you know people might have an idea
and like oh I want to do this I want to
do this but then they don't realize how
hard it really is there's a lot of work
that goes into it is doing something I
mean I do a I do a little shameless plug
why not I do a little show on Thursday
afternoons oh sorry that's my Twitter
yes I have Mario sounds on my Twitter a
giant nerd that's all right um but yes
three to five Eastern on Thursdays I do
a show on a station called infinity
radio called video game felt Valhalla
where I play two hours of video game
music or like stuff from like the angry
video game nerd or the spoonie one stuff
like that basically anything pertaining
to video games I bet that's a good time
you have a good announcer voice you do
I'm not just thank you saying that so I
bet I bet that's a good time and it's
not up against any vog programming so
you're good well that's good all right
still I gotta let you go so we can wrap
up the show but thanks so much for your
call all right good luck what was that
again video game Valhalla video game
Valhalla on infinite infinity radio
sorry all right check it out folks have
a good one sir lot see ya thanks bye bye
all right that's going to do it for the
skype line tonight thank you guys so
much for calling in sorry if you didn't
get through although I got to admit it
was a little light on the call tonight I
think I got almost everybody was trying
to get through but if I missed you I may
not have seen it I'm very sorry send us
an email mailbag at orange lounge radio
calm let me get back real quick to that
tweet that I mentioned from Tiger claw
will close out with this tonight dice
the battlefield developer afraid to
release battlefield 3 mod tools they
said at GDC Europe that apparently the
studio was fearful of the implications
of releasing the mod tools let's see they
were quote and this is a quote from
Magnus Trudson who is the general
manager of dice said quote afraid of all
the things that can come with releasing
the code quote if we do mod support we
want to do it really really well we are
not ready to do this yet interesting I
guess oh and also that if the mods come
out they want console players in two I
think that part's kind of interesting as
well is that they don't want to just
just let it be for PC they want console
players to get in on the fun that's kind
of nice pretty cool all right I have a
couple I have a couple last-minute
tweets here so what the hell I'll read
them there's a couple tweets here from
ratchet 1785 on Twitter they literally
came in one minute ago so I'll go ahead
and read these ratchet 1785 asks are you
guys excited about Borderlands 2 first
live show by the way and this is the
best three-year listener well howdy
doody and get your button chat next time
if you're not already there I don't see
you there live dot vog network calm are
you guys excited about Borderlands 2 I
don't even have to ask Loki I I don't
know if excited is the right word but
I'm highly curious about Borderlands 2
because I liked what I played of
Borderlands 1 I really need to play more
of it so yeah I'm I will check it out
and I like some of the things they're
doing with it I don't like that whole
mess earlier this week about the whole
girlfriend mode and all that crap that
was going around but I'm just gonna
chalk a lot of that up to the media and
Twitter and the internet kind of
latching on to one thing and then
running with it and it's not going to
affect the quality of the game I think
at the end of the day the way that
they're doing like an easy mode tree
that sounds great to me that's not a
girlfriend mode that's a me mode and I
know there's a lot of people that feel
the same way you know I don't mind
playing that the games on on an easier
mode to get the story and the experience
I'm actually planning on playing through
Mass Effect 3 on insanity good luck in
God though a good well then that's no
fair no all right and lastly also tell
your listeners I'm giving away a copy of
Borderlands 2 on my gaming channel on
youtubes but then he didn't link it so
I'm gonna hope it's the same name
ratchet 1785 if it's not the same name I
guess tune in next week cuz that's gonna
do it for tweets tonight twitter.com
slash o LR and that's about gonna do it
for the show tonight but not until we go
around and get everybody's final
thought um Loki will start with you
because you said there's no last-minute
stories right yeah I just don't care
Farida it's been a three-hour show
tonight we can wrap up Loki we plus the
podcast is even gonna be a little longer
because thankfully we have the Dark
Siders 2 song in there so I think we're
gonna wrap up Loki do you have any final
thoughts for our listeners tonight I
just gonna say retweet that thing
that I tweeted about evil lot they're
having a contest on their site and
whoever gets the most retweets gets a
picture drawn by one of the artists and
she does really kick-ass art so I would
like I would like a picture because she
does like pixel art and it looks fucking
awesome so you need a retweet like I
need I need a retweet I retweet it or I
sent it out and I can't I can't figure
out how to like and I did it once
because obviously I copied in the chair
but I can't remember how I got the
direct link to that tweet and I was like
you click on if you go to your actual
Twitter page I think there's a way to
see see details or detailed tweeters on
maybe okay well it's it's on my Twitter
at Loki olr and just retweet it you know
it's the one talking about you live it's
done by foodie monster or he's the
animator on it still would like to know
where footy monster went and where have
you been footy monster come back to what
are probably busy but um you know it
seriously you should go back and even I
mean it looks like a pretty cool game
and they're under halfway there right
now they're only looking for 10 grand I
will retweet from the olr account my
personal account just for you I will
appreciate that and the courthouse
account and if anybody can anybody else
can do it that'd be awesome because
right now I'm the only one who retweets
on on there but I would like to you know
I want a picture it looks awesome
seriously that's awesome and and you
should go back the game because it's
awesome I backed it so yeah check it out
good deal um my final thought tonight my
final thoughts tonight is sleep soon
Czz dark soccer your final thought
tonight I was just peeking at tumblr for
a second and someone posted a gif of
someone dying during an MRI why would
you put that on the internet's grand
well no it's it's all just a scam but it
says that you're I'll just read what
says this is someone dying while having
an MRI scan before you die your brain
releases tons and tons of endorphins
that make you feel a range of emotions
tragically beautiful
wah wah wah I don't have the soundboard
up thanks Debbie downer but means when
you die you die happy okay no can't you
tell a booby joke or something to end
the show on a happy note they have blue
feet more positive energy and the boobies
say to the tit what did the booth thank
you what did the boobies say to the tit
dark Sakura chirp they're birds thank
you very much all right that's gonna do
it thank you that's where we needed and
on thank you everybody for listening to
another episode of orange launch radio
we appreciate it hey thank you for
supporting independent podcasting we
really do appreciate it have a wonderful
week everybody if you enjoyed orange
launch radio tell a friend or two or 50
about the show help spread the word all
we have is each other we're going to
spread the word about orange launch
radio and see more of you guys next week
until then be safe don't be a dick see
you next time you've been listening to
orange lounge radio orange lounge radio
is a production of olr studios to join
us for a live show tune into fog
Network calm Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific 9 p.m. Eastern the views and
opinions expressed in this program do
not necessarily reflect those of the
staff of orange lounge radio or fog
Network but you know they were all still
true see you next week
you
