Sky, and Loki Tonight, August 26th, 2012 More unfortunate layoffs hit the industry A company requests its game be pulled from store shelves And are 90% of PC game installs pirated copies?
Hello, my friends out there on the internet, and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio, live as we are every Sunday night at the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Sunday nights at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Blackwolf Show.
That's where you can participate with our show in the chat room.
And if you are listening live at VOG Network tonight...
Check out our chatroom, live.vognetwork.com.
This is episode number 471 for this August 26th, 2012.
My name is Rob Roberts, and I'll be joining you over the next few hours to talk about what is going on with the game industry with my friends, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you?
I feel vaguely fit.
You feel fit?
Vaguely.
You feel pretty and witty and... Hey.
Shh.
Shh.
Well, I don't know.
Everyone a little gay.
That's good.
It's good to feel healthy.
Because I've had days where I feel healthy, and I've had days where I feel fat.
You know, and sometimes a fat day is good, too, once in a while.
But healthy is a good feeling, too.
Well, it was just like, my intention is to walk a few days each week, and I decided to go walking, but I don't know if I've said it on the show before, but I wear Vibram five fingers, which are like the toe shoes.
You wear the glove shoes.
They're awesome.
You make your feet look like hands.
They're creepy.
Well, but it makes your feet walk how you're supposed to walk.
Makes you look like Spider-Man.
It's how people are supposed to walk is the thing.
Not to go too deep into it, but our modern tennis shoes have changed the way people walk for the worse.
That's where a lot of injuries come about.
I'm really getting back to the barefoot walking thing.
Sorry for the echo.
And I really love them, but it makes me think more and more that humanity is not meant to walk on concrete.
Concrete is terrible, terrible, terrible stuff.
And so my feet did not hurt until I walked on concrete.
When I walked in the grass, no more hurt.
But it was a good walk.
That's good.
I got outside.
Outside.
Going outside is good.
Everybody should put down the controller or the keyboard and go outside once in a while.
However, I was listening to the Mass Effect soundtrack.
That's how you can make your worlds collide.
There you go.
Alright, by the way, I apologize.
One of the perks about listening live to Orange Launch Radio is that you can check into the show live.
The check-ins are now up.
I forgot to do that because I was sidetracked during the pre-show and I literally sat down seconds before I picked up the microphone and went live.
So the check-ins are now up.
There you go.
For those of you listening on the podcast, you can also check in.
Just listen for the little noise, the do-do-do-do-do-do, little victory sound, and then it'll tell you the passphrase.
It is somewhere in the show.
We have to make sure you're listening to it.
So it's somewhere different in the show every week.
Anyhow, also say hello to... What?
Damn it.
That song is in my head now.
The song from An American Tale, the Somewhere Out There...
Is that what the check-in noise sounds like?
No, when you said somewhere, I was like, that song is stuck in my head.
I haven't thought of that song in years.
Damn it, Rob.
I'm sorry.
I don't know what to tell you.
I was going to play this really quick here, if I can find it here.
I don't know if you've heard this, DarkSakura, because I know you don't listen really back to the podcast, because you're on it, so you don't have to.
But this is a little noise.
Now, this is not the actual noise, but this is it.
Isn't that kind of catchy, right?
Yeah.
Now that's going to get stuck in your head right there.
That's a little Bobby Blackwolf original right there.
It's like, I have an idea!
Okay.
Let's introduce Loki!
Techmaster Loki is here tonight too.
Hi.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm full now.
You're full?
Yeah, because I... Full of rage.
I know.
I bought one of the Memphis barbecue burgers over at Carl's Jr.
Hardee's.
That is drenched in barbecue sauce.
It is.
I normally get the single, and the single's normally enough, but I hadn't eaten really today, so I was like, okay, I'll go with the $6 burger.
I really should have just stuck with the single.
The single is enough.
But it's delicious.
And what makes it delicious is the fact that it combines not only a cheeseburger but pulled pork.
So you've got barbecued pulled pork and a cheeseburger with more barbecue sauce on it.
And onion rings.
It's fantastic.
Delicious.
I like their Western burger.
Western bacon or whatever burger.
Yeah, that's normally what I get.
But remember we just had this discussion about healthy days and fat days.
If I have one of those, I'm definitely having a fat day.
Well, that's how I discovered it because I went to go get – I normally don't go to Carl's Jr.
that much because it's further away from my work than normal, the other fast food places.
So I just – I was like, I'm tired of eating McDonald's or Burger King.
I'm just going to go to Carl's Jr.
today.
And so I went there to get the Double Western and I saw that they had this burger.
I'm like, hey, I like pulled pork.
I'm going to get a single because I'm not that hungry.
And it was delicious.
I swear I don't have delusions or anything that our show is that big in the scope of things.
We don't have a whole ton of listeners, though we do love the family we have that participates with us live in the podcast.
But it would be great if somebody deemed our audience large enough to get a food sponsorship with as much as we talk up the different foods.
We need to start censoring all the food titles that we... We're going to go get yogurt after the show at...
No, instead what you do is instead of doing the beep, you add like a sound file that says nom.
So every time you talk about, yeah, I totally had that burger at nom, nom, nom, nom.
Get the little kitty nom, nom, nom.
Nom, nom, nom.
Yeah, but then you're talking about editing.
That's why I like to do live radio because it doesn't involve editing, if you haven't noticed.
I also like to do live radio because we have the chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
And Bobby, in reference to me playing the theme a little bit before, said, now people are going to think that the check-ins are happening that early.
Well, gotcha.
I just want to make sure everybody was paying attention.
So like the people that are kind of just doing data entry in the background and zoning out and all that.
Now that I have your attention...
Watermelons.
Okay.
Anyway, let's see.
Also, what are the other comments in chat?
Somebody said, oh, Tigerclaw said you can use that sound when there's breaking news.
But then we can't jack the NBC breaking news theme, which is so epic.
It is epic.
You know, as much as people hate NBC after the Olympics and all that crap, you have to admit, NBC gets some epic fucking music for their presentations.
Like, you know, the Olympic theme?
That shit is epic.
I realize, like, John Williams did that, not some NBC dude.
I played that in high school band.
And didn't you feel epic?
We can start stealing... Especially since I played saxophone and got the little... We can start stealing the Game of Thrones theme.
I mean, that's pretty epic, too.
No chair of swords allowed.
But the theme's awesome, okay?
Separate from the whole... If you want awesome, we should just use the Xena theme.
Yeah.
No, that's if we want the show to have lesbian undertones.
I have no problem with this.
Maybe in a future week.
How do you have lesbian undertones when there's two men and a woman?
I'm not sure how that works.
She's double lesbian.
I like boobs too.
You'll have to like your own boobs, though, unless we get some lady callers later, which is always a distinct possibility when we take live calls from our chat room later.
Should I ask everyone about their boobs?
Do you want to have booby chat tonight with the callers?
No, thank you.
I don't know if any of our women would call in to do booby chat.
The show, well, Syl would totally do it, but the show's on too late for her, because she's on the other side of the pond, and they're eight hours ahead of us, so if you have to stay up anywhere in the UK, really, no matter where you're at, Britain, Scotland, Ireland, I know we have listeners in all those places, and what time is the show live here?
I miss our Swede.
2 a.m.
I miss our Swedes.
Yeah, we had a couple folks in Sweden.
I did see, I don't know if you've looked at email, but we do have an email from Belgium tonight.
I love Belgium!
Me too.
I love waffles.
It should be beer.
I want to ask this question.
and Pinkberry.
And I'm wondering...
DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I proposed to my husband of marathoning Super Mario World.
Super Mario World.
However, I also just proposed to Becky of marathoning Mass Effect 2 on Saturday.
You do that anyway.
No, I play Mass Effect 3 for me, which means I have to finish it before we finish Mass Effect 2 for her so that I can play through Mass Effect 3 while she watches.
you know what would be fun actually you should try this Jamie is marathoning romhacks for Mario Brothers that would be awesome I would scream so much well not necessarily the ones that are insanely hard but just the new ones like they have some really good romhacks that and like Link to the Past has some really good romhacks I'm like I kind of want to play this because it's different it's like going into Link to the Past for the first time again and it's kind of cool that sounds really cool to me
Except the whole thing is actually breaking out the systems and playing.
The other thing that we had, we actually just watched a whole, Dan and I watched a whole playthrough of Vampire Killer on MSX, which came out after the Castlevania that we got on the NES.
But it sort of inspired me to want to actually play through Dracula X again.
It sort of sounded like a classic gaming weekend.
Sounds like fun.
Plus Mass Effect.
Because Garrus.
Maybe it would also be a fun weekend to go out to like the flea markets around and try to find some more classic games.
Let's do it.
And then?
And then?
If it's not 105.
And then?
No and then.
It's supposed to be.
And then?
No and then.
Farmer's Market.
Mexican candy.
Loki got it.
All right.
Dude, where's my car?
Loki.
What do you need to catch up on over the long weekend?
Honestly, what I've been trying to do is stop doing modding stuff.
Because I have people that ask me for Grand Theft Auto mod stuff.
They're like, I can't port my map mods over.
Can you do it for me?
So I waste a whole fucking week doing that shit.
And it just gets so tiring.
Because I'm like, I don't want to do this.
But yet, for some stupid reason, they keep saying, yes, I'll do it for you.
So I'd like to just not do that and actually play games.
And...
But at the same time, I don't really know what games I'd want to play.
I want to play Minecraft on 360 with other people, but there's no one on.
There's a way to burn an entire weekend.
Seriously, but there's nobody to play with.
That's the thing.
Although I do have one of the people that's on my friends list.
He keeps wanting to play, but it's always when I'm on break at work.
I'm like, dude, I can't play with you right now because I'm going to have five minutes and that's it.
Because I'll be on my 360 during break.
But...
I just, there's no one to play with.
I really wish that Minecraft on the 360 had an option to randomly connect you to like a server that, you know, has, okay, allow strangers to connect or something like that.
Or, you know, have that option where I can allow strangers to connect to my server.
Granted, you run the risk of someone, you know, going through and griefing and stuff, but...
You can always ban them.
And I would just kind of like that.
So I'd be able to play with random people and actually get a multiplayer game going.
Because it's kind of boring with just one or two people.
Because we've been playing, we actually started yet another world.
And we actually picked the tutorial world this time.
Which is kind of fun because it made it a little more interesting because there's actual things built in, little hidden things to find.
and you can you know you didn't have to worry about right away okay I need to find stuff to make sticky pistons I'll just steal some out of the stuff that's already built which is kind of cool or hey you know I need to go find some diamonds to make some diamond armor and stuff oh wait I know where the hidden thing is where there's some diamond stuff so that's kind of cool or I'm gonna need some wood so I'm gonna just tear down this house instead of those already built and so that was kind of fun
For a little bit, and then it got boring again.
And that's the problem.
It's just, it's so far behind the PC version that it's kind of boring.
Whereas, like, I'm reading about, like, the cool PC stuff that they're adding now and, like, the kind of snapshots for each week.
and it sounds pretty awesome like they're adding all this new stuff like new monsters that look really fucking hard to kill I mean that would be really cool in the 360 version but it's just not there so I guess I have to start playing the PC version since I bought it that would be kind of fun maybe I should do that but
Once again, I need people to play with, and I don't want to play with random strangers.
Are you upset that I haven't been signing on to Xbox lately?
Is that what this is all about?
Well, just everybody.
No one is.
Seriously, I launch Minecraft almost every single day, and there's no one on, ever.
That reminds me of... I don't know.
Wow.
That's going to start picking up real soon, though, with the expansion.
I'm not really trying to get into any games right now, start anything new, because Borderlands 2 is coming out, and I know that's going to be a big time drain right there.
That'll probably be the one game I play until Call of Duty Black Ops 2, I think.
Let's go to some comments from our chat room at live.vognetwork.com.
SSJ100Matt says, I know what Loki can do during the break.
Update the OLR PSP site.
That's not going to happen.
It's time to start on the PSV.
OLRPSV.com that doesn't exist yet.
I don't want to do that.
No one cares anymore.
OLR3DS.com not happening?
No.
OLRWU.com?
See, the problem is now all these things have web browsers and hopefully they all support HTML5 and so that's not even an issue anymore.
You can just go to our site at thevognetwork.com and
Just listen without having to, you know.
One thing we do need to look into doing, though, at some point is remaking the OrangeLoungeRadio.com site because now we kind of have a lot of our, like, forum resources and community resources are pouring in to trying to pool together with the other shows to make VOGNetwork.com bigger.
OrangeLoungeRadio.com was probably more about us and our history and our shows and so forth.
So it would be fun to have something for that, you know.
It would...
To me, I mean, I think it'd be kind of cool like how we had on all games a while back where it was just a section of the website.
It's like, okay, here's the Orange Lounge radio section.
There's a section for each show and just have it linked to that and just make something cool there on our own site on VOG so we don't have to like...
We have forums already.
The forums in the Orange Launch site are kind of dead.
They're technically supposed to be closed by now because we're going to fold them into the VOG Network forums that are a little more active.
So that's what I'm saying.
Just kind of erase the site.
Because we were already doing everything that we were doing on that site anyways on VOG.
So just kind of move it over.
If you have ideas, we'd love to hear them.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com And some of the folks in chat room are talking about apps and so forth.
I have to learn how to program.
As soon as I learn how to make apps.
I know somebody that makes apps, but they have other priorities.
I almost...
LocoRoco's Cousin
Loco Poco says, I need to catch up on Folklore, Resonance of Fate, and Valkyria Chronicles.
Those are all excellent choices.
Valkyria Chronicles is one of my personal ones, too.
We've had that on PS3, I don't know how long, and I've yet to make a lot of progress in that game, but it's really fun.
TigerClaw says, in reality, Sky just wants to go to Disneyland again, lol, in regards to the week off.
Rob, what?
Not and I, and me.
It's an object.
No one cur.
All right.
Moving on.
Let's see.
Oh, and lastly, in reference to the mental image I put in all your heads earlier, VXJasonXV in our chat room says, Oh, and now that underwear is involved, video live stream.
Y'all are perverts.
I would love to do a live stream, not of that, of the games, but it's technology.
Well, I do want to do live streaming stuff.
I have about two or three capture cards or capture devices.
Set that crap up over here.
I know we do.
We can do that.
It's fun.
It's a little bit more complicated.
I always watch the playthroughs.
Freddie Wong, they've been doing a land game on PC of Minecraft.
and it looks so much fun playing with other people.
It's just like, okay, everybody gets one life and we're just going to work together and we're going to do this stuff and then they just kind of film it and edit it together and it looks fun.
I'm like, I just want to do that.
I want to play with those people.
Good times.
I did not, you got me sidetracked though because in reference to the comment that Jason made, now that underwear is involved, video live stream, I had the chance to play my favorite Tyra Banks clip that I haven't played on the show in years.
Because today, today is a panty porter!
That's going to be my Labor Day weekend right there.
Panty party.
You know, my wife, ever since the passing of Whitney Houston, has kind of latched on to Tyra Banks instead.
I've noticed.
As kind of observing the train wreck that's happening.
Because Whitney Houston, well, she used to like watching Whitney Houston's Facebook page because there's a lot of stupid people that comment on there.
But Tyra's page...
Tyra posts a lot of really stupid things, and it's funny.
I'll tell you one of my... I mean, this has absolutely nothing to do with video games, but this is kind of a game in itself, and it has to do with Facebook, which is, you know, big for gaming, right?
This is hilarious, but...
Go to various fast food and chain restaurants and just go to the thing that lets you see what everybody's posting on there.
And I'm not even talking like the controversial shit like Chick-fil-A.
Like go on Facebook and look up like the Olive Gardens page, Red Lobster, Applebee's.
You will see some amazing shit that people post on those pages.
Everywhere from complaints about a particular restaurant to somebody making a post like,
So and so just took me here to Applebee's for my anniversary.
I'm so excited.
There's a picture of them smiling because people don't understand privacy controls.
That just makes me think of a line from one of my favorite comics, Henry Cho, who's not related to Margaret Cho, although he is Korean.
Born in Tennessee.
Talking about his brother-in-law from Arab, Alabama.
Yeah.
We just got a new Italian restaurant.
It ain't no Olive Garden.
Alright, quickly, my weekend, my plans for the weekend.
I think it would be really fun to do an epic Civ V match that goes all weekend long, but I don't know if I can find any other suckers that would buy into that.
I know someone who plays on Xbox, but I don't think he plays online.
Xbox One is different because that's the Civ Revolution and those games can go a lot faster.
You can do one of those in a night.
But I'm talking like Civilization V Epic Mode, although that game would take months to finish.
But you could even do just even a normal game takes forever in Civilization V. That would be fun.
DayZ would be fun too.
I guess that's going back to games that would be fun to do a live stream of.
Actually, live streaming PC games might... It's still difficult.
But yeah, DayZ would be fun.
Hang on, we got zombies.
Crazy person.
The other game I really need to catch up on is Borderlands.
But let's be real.
There's so much happening on Tuesday between the official launch of Guild Wars 2, the patch in Warcraft, Rock Band Blitz, Mass Effect 3 DLC.
There's no way I'm playing catch up over the weekend because I have to play everything that came out on Tuesday.
It's a fun game.
You playing on PC?
Oh yeah.
Allen has it too.
We can all play.
There you go.
Bobby's been wanting to play too.
There we go.
The foursome.
There we go.
All right.
Let's talk about our actual gaming weeks, the stuff we have been playing this week.
More current stuff.
Yeah, DarkSakura.
Can I say one more thing about the week in general?
Of course.
I did a good deed this weekend.
Oh, yeah?
We rescued a kitten from the dumpster outside my synagogue.
Now, before people start crying, you found out nobody left the cat in the dumpster until... No.
He was feral.
Little faith in humanity restored.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Fixed and adopted out.
So I just want to say for anyone who's asked, the kitty story has a happy ending.
Yay.
And his official name is Donut.
They've called him Donut.
Instead of Bat Cat.
That's a good name.
I like Donut.
I'm just glad I don't have those cats in our backyard anymore.
We had 11 cats at one time.
Oh, Lord.
All I know is I got a text message from DarkSakura on Friday night.
Do you want a kitten?
And I'm like, um, we have a tiny ass apartment and two cats already.
I would love to, but no.
Yeah, Shermie would be too old for me to have a little feral kitten in the house to tame.
I mean, he's only six weeks old, so he's tameable.
All right, before we get into our regular gaming weeks and what we have been playing, I do want to talk to the chatters.
WhatUpG leaves a comment about Tuesday saying, Sky forgot the biggest game release, Madden 13.
Although certainly I will acknowledge that will be a huge game release and lots of people are going to be playing that over the Labor Day weekend.
My household won't be one of them because that's not really a series we've ever gotten into.
I'm not a big football person.
If you're not a fan of that and for whatever reason you just don't download games off the PlayStation, there's a Journey Collector's Edition coming out this week on disc.
It's got the soundtrack, you get Journey, you get Flower Flow, and also two little quick games that they made and a month of PlayStation Plus.
That's a great deal if you don't have any of those games because all three of those games are great.
Well, I don't even know if you could call Flow a game, but whatever.
It's all right.
They're neat, but Journey is amazing.
Contender for Game of the Year, to be honest.
I won't stop believing.
All right, not that Journey.
This is the 2012 Journey.
That might make it a little bit better if it had Journey music in there, but their music was pretty good.
A little mishmash.
I'm sure somebody's done that on YouTube.
Journey set to Journey?
I've seen it.
Okay.
The music in Journey 2012 is legitimately really good.
As much as I love Journey 1980s, you can't do that to Journey 2012.
The music in Journey 2012 is so flipping good.
Can we get a Journey 2012 2 where it's basically the premise of Revolution X but with Journey instead?
Yeah.
Wouldn't that be kind of cool?
So do you have, what, dude on the toilet at the beginning of the game?
If Steve Perry was talking to any of the others whatsoever, maybe.
Although, well, the guy they have now... The guy they have now, number one, is hot.
Number two, has really nice hair.
And number three, can sing.
Don't get me wrong.
He's really good and he can sing.
And yes, I have seen Journey live recently when he was the front man.
They were really good.
We were there.
I know.
But, I mean...
DarkSakura
uh wow Mass Effect 2 Mass Effect 3 um the Mass Effect thingy on my phone since I'm trying to get my rating back up um and uh yeah
Dan likes to do that.
Every so often I'll just get invested and watch.
I wouldn't mind doing an episodic playthrough of something, but you know...
I like watching other people do it, except it kind of bugs me because, I mean, it is truly what an almost perfect playthrough looks like because they're usually machine-assisted, you know?
TigerClaw wants to know if you're going to get the Mass Effect 3 Leviathan DLC.
Fuck yes.
As if that should surprise anybody whatsoever.
I am so excited, you guys.
That's why I kind of don't want to beat my game yet.
you finally set foot in multiplayer not that long ago yeah once and then I couldn't find anybody else on because no one would let me know when they were playing we need to make that happen again well for me I have to change out my EXE because I have a hacked EXE so I can play in god mode but I saved my original file so that I can switch out for multiplayer
Tiger Claw, just wanted to give a plug.
There's a lot of classic games played on Twitch TV.
There are people doing speed runs on old Mario games.
That's cool.
I just don't like to watch it live, I guess.
Unless it's for charity.
Okay.
Like Mario Marathon you're down with.
Yeah, yeah.
That's understandable.
And even then I'm like, dude, you're still playing Sunshine.
Why?
I like Sunshine.
Wait a minute.
Didn't you say Sunshine was a good game on last week's show?
I like Sunshine, but it's kind of boring to watch it.
Like,
Even as much as I love Mario 64, it's kind of boring to watch it.
Understandable.
Alright, Loki, how about you?
How was your gaming week?
This week I played lots of Minecraft, mainly.
A little bit of Grand Theft Auto because I was working on mods and stuff.
But yeah, going back to Minecraft though, we started a new map that's a tutorial level, which is kind of fun at the start off on that, and then played through a little bit of that, and I actually went back last night to my VOG map and was working a little bit more in peaceful mode too.
I was finishing up some minecart stations they make the little bell intro thing when they stop and then it waits like 5 seconds or so and then it makes that noise again and then goes automatically
Thanks for watching!
landscape I guess and then there's a few that have like the golden apples hidden in there and chests and stuff but it's just I mean that's pretty much it if you restart your levels or start new seeds now there's clay which I never used anyway so it's not a big deal and then you know slimes I guess slime farms are kind of important now that they're sticky pistons and that kind of thing
but I don't know I haven't really bothered to find those usually I just try to find some interesting looking landscape and stuff but even now it's just kind of boring going back to that stuff just waiting for the next update the adventure update I think is going to make it a lot more fun but we'll have to see
Uh, so anyways, so yeah, Minecraft stuff, and then, uh, I actually played a little bit of new stuff.
I played, uh, more Sleeping Dogs again.
I, for some reason, my save, like, I had done a bunch of missions, and my save just didn't save or something.
I must have forgotten to save, or it didn't auto-save, or whatever.
And so I'm having to redo a bunch of missions, so I did that today.
And then, uh, one new game I actually picked up, I picked up, um...
Scott Pilgrim vs. The World
We got to the boss and that was about it, but we didn't get to beat it because we ran out of time.
So the stages are a little long for that game.
I mean, kind of since it's more like an arcade game, but it's really awesome.
I mean, the animation is amazing.
I love the way it looks and sounds.
It's just a really fantastic game.
so um really cool recommend checking it out but kind of disappointed the stages are so long because it does kind of make it hard to play on break um and then beyond that I think that's all I played this week yeah
That's the closest you'll get That's still pretty awesome
And she's a pretty awesome artist.
She does anime drawings and stuff, so expect that.
An OLR in joke will finally come to an end, although we all know it's not going to come to an end whatsoever.
However, it will finally reach some resolution, yes.
Because you don't want to just win.
You want to win big.
We want Footies Kickstarter to do well.
I guess it's really about that.
That's really it.
They're doing okay, but I'm kind of worried that they may not hit their goal because they're just under $6,000 of $10,000.
They've got 11 days left.
Sometimes those last few days are the biggest.
I think they can do it.
I mean, it looks like a pretty cool game.
They're not asking for too much.
So, I mean, if you want to check it out, it's Evilot.
It's E-V-I-L-O-T.
And the game looks a little bit similar to Plants vs. Zombies.
It's kind of Plants vs. Zombies with... What was that?
I'm trying to remember the original name of the game.
It was like...
Hey, Batman, why... It was a game on PSP.
It was like where you play the villain, basically.
So it looks cool.
I don't know.
It should be neat.
All right, my gaming week.
Kind of like DarkSakura, I played a lot of the same stuff that you're used to hearing me talk about, like World of Warcraft and was continuing to play...
Sound Shapes
But on Friday night and a little bit today, I got to sink some time into Guild Wars 2.
I'm up to about level 10.
So I'm not sure I've really had a full amount of time to really flesh out what I think about this game.
A lot of the things that were bugging me about it at first, I'm easing up on a little bit, and it all has to do with the Guild Wars 2 model.
You know the pricing model is a lot different for Guild Wars 2.
You pay the one fee to get the game and then you never have to pay a monthly fee or anything again.
So there's no monthly fee.
But now they're adding a little more of the free-to-play elements in it.
Like you can go into the online shop and buy sunglasses for your character or dumb little things.
But there are some...
Like basically steroids, performance enhancing things you can get like short time XP bonuses and things like that you can kind of get in the shop with real money.
One of the things that started to irritate me is that I got a chest that dropped and the key I needed to open it was something to buy in the store.
and I was like oh that's bullshit that's such bullshit that you know I was gonna rage because I'm like that's a Facebook game but then finally I don't know if I got it as a quest reward I think I got it as a quest reward around level 10 I did get one of those keys so you it doesn't bug me nearly as much if you can get it in the game by doing a lot of grinding you know either you're gonna be free to play or you're gonna be uh you know not free to play um I still think Guild Wars 2 despite that
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Doesn't really feel like World of Warcraft And I think one big reason for that Is they've managed to figure out a new way to do quests There are no yellow exclamation marks over people's heads And it's not like the Final Fantasy XI style questing either Basically what happens is that You have this giant map And I gotta say There's a little thing I love about this game And that is when you go to the map The way the map appears is your camera actually pans down
And it does a subtle transition to the actual map, but it makes it look like you're on Google Maps.
And it's zooming out to show the map or whatever, and then it zooms back in to show your character.
The way it does that transition is one of those little things that really makes you go, that's so cool.
And then Shane found out you could draw on the map, like it's a Madden thing.
You could draw the plays on the map or whatever.
Anyhow, questing.
so you go on the map and you'll find these little scouts and the scouts will tell you these things so and so is in trouble and needs help this person is having to deal with this conflict going on right now and could use some help this person is near the cave and da da da so the scouts will tell you where these people are and then they draw the little hearts on your map
and you go over to the hearts and then when you're in that general area the game will tell you either kill these things collect these things you know kind of the general MMO stuff but you get to pick what you want to do do you want to kill do you want to collect what do you want to do and as you do those you start to gain it's like mini reputation grinds little mini reputation grinds they don't take you anymore in like 30 minutes
Once you do those little grinds, then the heart fills in and that person will start selling you gear and stuff and you've basically completed the quest and you get like gold and XP and the typical things.
Now generally in these areas as well, somebody could start an event quest and the event quest is like the public questing which a lot of MMOs besides WoW have in them.
and even WoW's getting it to some extent with the scenarios in Pandaria but like Warhammer was a game that did this very well was the whole public questing and I gotta say with the Guild Wars launch going on I mean it was crazy like in the starter area it would be like so-and-so needs help eradicating the mosquitoes from the village because you know it's like a level 2 quest or whatever and then suddenly like a big orange circle appears on your map and all these mosquitoes are everywhere and
There's like 75 people everywhere killing mosquitoes and you just watch the bar go and it like fills right up and then you get a medal based on your contribution and the medal gives you experience, gold, and karma points.
And karma points you turn around and use to buy gear.
So I gotta say, I love that they've really challenged themselves to think outside the box and not make
a clone of the successful formula but as MMO fans what do we think MMOs ought to offer and it really does feel like in that regard Guild Wars 2 is taking MMOs to the next level I really think that
I think it's giving a lot of... I think, you know, I don't want to turn it into a Guild Wars 2 versus WoW thing.
I love WoW.
I can't say, oh, Guild Wars 2 is going to kick its ass, whatever.
You know, and I totally disagree with people that are like, you know, oh, WoW's dead.
Oh, WoW is so dead.
The panda people is stupid and it's a little kid and Guild Wars is going to kill it.
I've been saying every game's going to kill WoW.
WoW will continue to exist.
But I got to say, Guild Wars 2 just really brings...
Something else to the table with that And one other little thing about Guild Wars 2 that I love They brought Vista points into the game Which I remember from a racing game called Fuel From a couple years ago You remember that game Fuel?
You remember how there'd be places on the map you would drive to That it's just a really gorgeous view And you got points for that?
And I think Assassin's Creed does something like this too At least somebody was joking with me And I haven't played that series a lot
but basically you go to these points on the map and you might have to interact with the environment a little like you'll have to find the little mushrooms you have to jump up to get to the top of the building and then once you get up there there'll be a little book and you press the button and all of a sudden you'll go to a cutscene where the camera will do this gorgeous pan and show you everything around you and then 60 XP for finding the vista point and it's marked on your map and I just I thought that was so awesome like it's something else to do that's not
Grinding Dungeon or whatever.
So it's just neat.
There's a lot about Guild Wars 2 that's just different.
It sounds like they could have it like, you know, there's people that kind of challenge themselves to play like a pacifist that you could probably level up...
You don't get enough XP.
However, yeah, the passive... Because you could go to these areas where they're like... Because to help all the people, you can collect kumquats or whatever and turn them in.
Or you can collect things and turn them in, usually.
Yeah, I think a pacifist... And you get XP from gathering, too.
So I think a pacifist could do very well in Guild Wars 2, to be honest.
Although I honestly haven't played the game enough.
I haven't played it past level 10, so I can't give you a full, full review.
But I...
Despite some of my minor bitches about what the traditional free-to-play mechanic is doing to the game, despite my minor bitches there, I really love some of the stuff they are trying to do.
A couple other quick things I want to say about Guild Wars 2.
We will move on with the show, but this is the new game.
A lot of people are going to be talking about this game, trust me.
PVP
But you get to have your same character.
And when you design your character, you get to pick your favorite colors on the garb and all that stuff.
So it's like you still have a sense of character, but it's like a completely separate copy of that character in PvP.
And if you never want to touch PvP ever ever, you don't have to.
It's like a separate little thing.
and character designs great because they kind of do a little bit of the Mass Effect thing with it where you pick like did your character in their vision see a snow leopard a stag or a you know and you make those types of decisions that ultimately affect your story like my I think my character saw a white stag and that has been a big part of the story I've been playing so far so they have definitely taken some Bioware it's the people designing this game clearly love the
All these different types of video games and have now made the video game they want to be playing.
And for the most part, it's like 98% successful from what I've seen so far.
I'd play if I had the $60 to afford it.
That's the problem.
It's dropping the money up front.
You know, it's an investment.
But... I mean, whereas, you know, I've already got WoW.
I'm already in the blood pact.
Sure, sure.
But that's the other thing I like about Guild Wars, is that once you buy it, you know, if I don't go back to it ever, it'll be there six months now, 12 months from now.
That sounds kind of cool.
One other thing I'll say about this, the guild system's pretty awesome.
Oh, and then I'm going to give you one more negative that ties into this.
So the guild system's pretty awesome.
Once you form your little guild, every little thing that you do during the day kind of contributes points to the guild's total, and you can use those points to buy perks.
So it's kind of like what they were going to do with World of Warcraft's guild leveling system, but they actually did it where the guild master can elect what guild perks you're going to build.
Do you want the guild to have an XP bonus or a money bonus or what is it that you want?
And you can use the resources to build those, which is pretty cool.
Now the place I'm going to knock it a little bit is that...
This is actually a big one.
I'm glad I thought of this because I got to knock the game for this.
It's an issue.
They did this whole three-day launch thing, right?
So there's a lot of people that aren't really going to be in the game until Tuesday.
And some of the servers are already full.
And you don't get to pick one server for each character.
You pick one server for all of your characters.
Now, there's a system in the game where I guess you can have people from other servers, kind of like in a real ID kind of way, they can guest in your game, and you can still kind of party cross-server, and there is a lot you can do cross-server, but the one thing you can't do cross-server is guild.
the server I'm on filled up in like a day so if people want to try to get on that server it's full so what if I have friends like Jamie say who haven't bought the game yet and then they're going to try and get on my server it's going to be too bad it's full I kind of think that's bullshit that she can't join my guild because that filled up because all the early people hog the space they need to have a system where she can still get into that server
Now, to be fair, I understand that they are doing some type of open transfer for seven days.
They're going to allow you to switch worlds however much you want for seven days so that people can kind of settle down and find a home and get off the populated servers and all that stuff.
However, they're going to charge for that later on.
And I still think it's kind of bullshit.
like there needs to be a way if I have a friend on the server remember how Final Fantasy 11 did the world passes I thought that was a good way to do it if the server's populated make it expensive to bring somebody on the server but still make it possible so that part sucks and needs to be rethought a little bit otherwise I'm really cool with Guild Wars 2
So I've talked 20 minutes about Guild Wars 2, but it's a big game.
So there you go.
That's my gaming week, finally.
So let's talk about housekeeping.
Twitter.com slash OLR, Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio, and I didn't really clear this with Loki before the show, but I don't think he's going to care.
We're not doing a show next week for Labor Day.
And it's because, again, DragonCon, PAX, you're all on vacation.
You know what?
Just enjoy the long weekend.
We will try to have something special that does play live on the feed like a Best Of or an oldie moldie classic episode or something for those few of you that will still be there on Sunday night.
But you know what?
If you have an opportunity to go out and get a rest and vacation a little bit, enjoy it.
I guess that would also be, we have to remember, not every country is getting a three-day weekend.
That's mostly an America holiday, not really celebrated other places.
However, please understand, we do want to take the rare opportunity to go have a three-day weekend and take a road trip if we want, or what have you.
I'm toying with the idea of taking a little quick road trip for the weekend.
We'll see.
I think it would be fun.
Of course, sitting on my big butt and playing video games all day long would be great, too.
Civ V, Ubermatch, yeah.
I just think it's kind of weird that school is starting this week and then there's Labor Day.
So like two days of magazine class and then no day of magazine class.
School year has been like that for forever.
Alright, let's get into some gaming news and talk about what is going on in the gaming world.
Unfortunately, I better cue the Debbie Downer horns because it doesn't start off pretty, does it, Loki?
Nope, layoffs.
It's more and more layoffs.
So PopCap, they were hit with layoffs internationally.
And at least they kind of... The way they did it, at least they were talking about what happens in the industry and they tried to kind of make it... They didn't kind of hide it from the public, I guess.
So basically, they have...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I guess they made a statement and I just think it's kind of interesting the way they did it.
Basically, you know, 12 years ago we founded PopCap.
We never imagined the games we'd make, the vast number of people who'd play those games or the success that followed and so on and so forth.
But this morning we informed our employees of a reorganization in our studios that will include a reduction in force in North America operations.
Thanks for watching!
We're talking to our Dublin team about the future of that office and whether we can find a path to improve our profitability in Europe without having to close the operation.
Today's news is something you expect periodically from companies in a fast-changing industry, but it sucks if you're one of those people losing his or her jobs.
These people are our friends and we don't like doing this.
So at least they're being very personable about it.
I think that's the way you do it right there.
However, I think the other pink elephant in the room, and allow me to echo the- Pink elephant?
Yeah, you know, pink elephant that stands out?
Isn't that when you just drink a lot, you see pink elephants?
No, I've always heard the pink elephant in the room is the obvious thing or whatever.
Anyway, you're derailing me.
The pink elephant in the room in this, and allow me to echo the rest of the internet in this, is I don't understand-
why PopCap?
why did this happen?
is PopCap struggling?
I thought out of all the gaming companies out there PopCap was doing a lot of things right and granted your whole memo and everything you're talking about there is an example of some of the things they do right
A lot of us had a great fear when EA bought them, something like this would happen.
Here they go into why.
And basically a little context on why we're making cuts in some areas and why we're investing and expanding in others.
In past years, we've seen a dramatic change in the way people play and pay for games.
Free-to-play social mobile games have exploded in popularity.
That happened fast.
surprisingly so the change in consumer taste requires us to reorganize our business and invest in new types of games on new platforms it's a completely different world from where we started that's why
I still does not make sense still does not make sense and granted PopCap wasn't putting out a lot of games maybe unfortunately there was just too much that was in development that was costing them too much money like too much in development not enough out on the table but still like how fucking huge was Plants vs. Zombies bejeweled bejeweled
But Jeweled like changed the industry in some ways.
But Jeweled was like one of the first Facebook games.
Peggle.
Period.
Peggle.
Everybody knows what kind of crack Peggle is.
I don't understand.
I get it when game companies, you know, as much as this pained me.
when Bizarre Creations closed I understood that Blur was not very well received and that the Geometry Wars games were kind of losing steam and all that and that they weren't doing the PGR games anymore I kind of saw the economics in that I don't get it here despite everything that they're saying there I can't help as a fan and somebody who thought this company was doing very well before EA bought them I can't help but think despite what they're saying despite all this something's up
Well, maybe because they are bought by EA and owned by EA that the investors thought, hey, there's too much overhead on this company and so we need to cut back in order to make it more profitable.
So EA just jacked all the franchise.
The EA just snatched Bejeweled, snatched Plants vs. Zombies, and then that's it.
Of course, they're saying, though, that that's not the case.
They said if we didn't have EA behind us, the cuts would have been worse.
So I don't know.
I wouldn't really know what to do until I saw a financial report.
Honestly.
It's just weird.
Maybe because everything is free-to-play, like for example, Bejeweled Blitz and stuff like that on Facebook, that no one's actually buying the games anymore.
Maybe that's why.
You think there's not enough people buying those power-ups and the things that substantiate the free-to-play model?
Maybe not.
I don't know.
Maybe because of PopCap's style of they've always been pretty good about not shoving that shit down your throat like Zynga games do that maybe, unfortunately, being nice isn't profitable.
I don't think that it was a lack of that.
I thought that they had very innovative ways of getting the games out there.
I've got a special version of Peggle that teamed with Valve that came out.
It was like a special Peggle that had Portal stuff in there and Team Fortress and everything, and it was free.
But it was a good, it's like, if you liked this, here's the full game, here's the whole thing.
The Plants vs. Zombies stuff in WoW The Peggle add-on Which I played a lot of the Peggle add-on And really wish it was still available I mean, they really did look into Getting it out there in different ways And I think that
If they had been able to keep that up, then maybe this wouldn't happen, but I'm not sure.
I mean, I really don't know what to say until I see a financial report.
TigerClaw in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says, Could it be that people are finally getting tired of playing casual games?
Nah.
I don't, yeah, I, no.
Here's the thing.
If you mean casual games to mean Facebook games, maybe.
I think what's gonna happen to Facebook games is what happened in the video game crash of 84, which is there's just so much shit
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If there's somebody that really gave the public what they wanted, it could all come tumbling down for Facebook pretty soon.
I'm on a social networking thing that doesn't have the stupid games on it.
Well, I always liked the way Google Plus did it.
It was just another tab somewhere else.
I mean, to be perfectly honest, I'm actually thinking about going back to using Google Plus because of just how ridiculous Facebook has gotten.
But I don't play the games.
There's a lot of people that are worried about system security.
So they, like I have done, have blocked every single game request that's come through.
Well, this is the thing that pisses me off about Facebook.
Literally pisses me off.
I don't know how many times I have turned off location statuses on my post.
I don't want all my posts posting where my location is.
I use an app called Foursquare when I specifically want to disclose that.
I hate being tagged.
I don't...
Check into my house and all that stuff.
I don't do that.
So I don't want my post to be tagged with my work address or my home or whatever it is.
Yet that shit keeps turning itself back on.
I just had to do it on a Facebook post I made an hour before the show.
Thanks for watching!
Okay, I like this picture.
It's like, I don't care if you like that picture.
Or I'm commenting on someone.
And it pops back up a second later?
And it keeps popping back.
No, it keeps popping back up.
You click it.
I want to unsubscribe from it.
And it will hide that post.
But it will still be there.
And it will still keep coming back.
And there's no way to get rid of it.
I have to stop.
For people that keep having that stuff pop up, and I'm just tired of seeing their posts, I actually have to unsubscribe from them.
Why?
Why do we keep using Facebook?
I'm sitting here bitching yet I'll still use it to make some stupid post this evening.
Why?
Because I need instant gratification.
It's not even that.
Why do we need that?
Why do we need that right now in our society?
Why do we need it?
The only reason that I stick, I keep up with Facebook is just to piss off my mother.
Well, to keep up with my friends and family in Alabama.
To keep up with, you know, my friends in other countries.
To keep up with my friends across America.
I mean, because only like three people anymore still use AIM, which I still use to keep up with people.
You know, I've found old friends that I used to chat with back when I had AOL for real, you know, back in the day.
One of my friends just found me through DeviantArt, and we're on Facebook now.
So, I mean, I use it to keep up with people, but other than that, I mean, like, I get so irritated that people just use it for a sympathy grab, you know what I mean?
Or, hi, look where I am and you're not.
I don't care where you are.
I don't need to know when you go to bed.
I think it's just this whole... I think it really is a modern phenomenon that everyone wants a little bit of... I hate to use it in this respect, but everyone wants their own little piece of celebrity, you know what I mean?
Where they want people to care about what they're doing.
It's that whole Andy Warhol thing, the 15 minutes of fame.
It's all of that coming to light.
Andy Warhol predicted things better than the Mayans.
Well, he was a fairly interesting person.
Yes, he was.
He was an OCD collector.
Yeah, yeah.
Anyway, my teacher got to meet him.
Why did he do a painting of soup cans?
One of my teachers got to meet him.
Oh yeah?
Yeah, back then.
Anyhow, how did we get from PopCap to this?
I don't know.
You're the one who changed it to Andy Warhol.
Well, I find this, I do find this topic fascinating.
Let me read some chat comments real quick.
Those participating with the show at live.vognetwork.com.
Locopoco says, I use it, talking about Facebook, because all my family and friends use it and that's all I can use to keep up with them.
Why?
And I'm not saying that at you because I bet everybody would answer the question the same way.
And I'm even asking myself this.
Why not just pick up the phone and call somebody?
I call my mother text message then I'm okay with that I have nothing to talk to them about that's why I post like things on there not like hey I did this today it's like hey look at this cool movie trailer exactly frisbee in our chat room why does Facebook have to be the only way to keep in touch with people and lately all I do it now is just for you know reblogging political shit and you know it helps me with the kitten you know
He gotta love DJ Morpheus from Understation Live.
Just made a Facebook post.
I was told to reload Facebook, so that's why I did it.
No, I hate being tagged in a location.
Where you were tagged.
Jamie hates to be tagged, so I'm tagging.
I don't mind being tagged in a picture.
I hate location tags.
Actually, I don't like being tagged in pictures sometimes.
Not necessarily pictures, but the ones that are like, here's a calendar of all these birthdays.
I'm going to tag everybody.
For the record, I can't hide that, Travis, just saying.
I hate the picture tagging too, but at the same time, earlier today, Clover Nikon, one of our listeners, made this awesome 3D VOG art rendering.
He tagged me in that, and I was okay with that.
At least that's relevant to my interest.
I may not be in that picture, but it's a VOG picture, and I want to see it.
I don't give a crap about that.
I hate location posts.
I am going to make a resolution.
We've been talking a lot about Labor Day and what we want to do over the Labor Day weekend.
And I am going to resolve to not touch social networking Labor Day weekend.
No Facebook, no Google+, no Twitter.
You know where I live these days?
Tumblr.
None of that either.
None of that for me.
Well, have fun.
I'm going to be on Tumblr.
Why won't you do it?
Because I love Tumblr.
I can give up Facebook.
I don't give a crap.
But I love Tumblr because I actually get news articles on Tumblr.
I use Tumblr as my blog for my fitness thing.
And actually, if anyone wants to follow my fitness blog, it's called Dieting Can Bite Me.
All one word.
at Tumblr.
But I mean, I use that for, I use it for art blogging.
I actually use that for real blogging stuff and for getting my thoughts out there.
It's sort of my live journal replacement for right now.
AlanAlchemy in our chatroom says, Well, the issue with Facebook is that it managed to get everyone's 55-year-old aunts and shit on it, which really is unprecedented.
And that audience does not give a shit about moving on to the next great thing like the rest of it.
It's kind of a good point.
That's one reason why Facebook took off is that it got...
Everybody on it.
And now it's ads, ads, ads, ads.
Alan, Alchemy continues.
So the problem is that if you're in the same situation of keeping track of your family, re-Facebook, there is no reason to ever believe they'll move on to something else.
So even if you move on to the next thing, you'll have to keep your Facebook, so it's always going to be a little bit relevant.
Then let's move off.
Let's go back to LiveJournal.
Here's some selected likes that they want me to like.
Wreck-It Ralph, Cuddling, Five Finger Death Punch, and Act of Valor.
What?
All that liking stuff is is marketing stuff.
Exactly.
I've had to go back and unlike things because I realize it's ironic.
We tell you to go like Orange Lounge Radio and VOG Network, but guys, that's the double-edged sword about Facebook is that it's still a great way to promote my shit when I don't have the million dollars to spend on magazine ads and TV ads and the other stuff the big boys get to do.
So, yes, I do realize it's ironic.
Here I am bitching about Facebook, yet I say go like Orange Launch Radio on Facebook because it still is a good way to remind you guys the show is here and to listen and all that stuff.
Well, I'm going to stick to it.
I'm going to make my actions match my words.
I am stepping off Facebook for one weekend.
It's not even that big of a deal.
One weekend.
Is anybody out there going to try it too?
Is it just going to be me?
Are you really all that attached?
I guess we'll find out
in Sacramento.
Well, that's fine.
I just don't like it when he gives my address.
Alright, moving on.
More bad news.
Sometimes I don't want people to know when I'm having lunch at Wiener Works.
Only when I'm having dessert.
That's why I got rid of Foursquare.
I really don't give a shit anymore.
I don't care if people know where I am I don't necessarily want people to know where I am and I don't care where you are I swear this is the last thing on social networking the reason why I like Foursquare is I actually like the search function to see what restaurants my friends have been to and if they left tips if they enjoyed it or not I have found it to be way more useful than Yelp in that regard I usually just ask people
Yelp Reviews
Oh, Tex Wasabi's.
That's that one guy from Food Network's restaurant.
Guy Fieri.
Yeah, thank you.
That guy with the horrible hair.
It's his restaurant.
I've never been there.
And I loved it, actually.
I went there.
I thought it was really... I fucking loved it.
I heard it was really expensive.
It's a little bit pricey.
It's not like Ruth Chris expensive.
It's like Red Lobster prices.
That's not so bad.
It's sushi and barbecue.
You think it's the weirdest thing in the world?
I shit you not, it's fucking amazing.
I want to go to Johnny Garlic's, but there's none around here, I don't think.
No, there's one in Roseville.
What are you talking about?
It's not around here.
All right.
Let's move on.
This is more bad news.
This just sucks.
I don't know what else to say about this.
Sony Liverpool has been closed.
You know them because they brought you Wipeout 2048.
If you're like me, you remember this studio when they were called Psygnosis.
You remember Psygnosis?
Lemmings.
Lemmings.
I mean, that game was like PC gaming's golden child for years and years.
They became Sony Liverpool.
Shadow of the Beast was another game they made, and of course the Wipeout games.
What happened?
I guess Wipeout on the Vita didn't live up to expectations.
I don't think that's Wipeout's fault.
That was probably one of the better games to get on the Vita.
This is another one I'm looking at going, is it just because Wipeout isn't making waves the way that LittleBigPlanet is?
I mean, I don't know.
But I mean, Psygnosis has put out some good shit over the years.
It's just weird.
What else can I say?
That sucks!
A little known fact about Psygnosis, they received top billing for creating the face-off games featured in Nickelodeon's 1992 television show, Nick Arcade.
That's right, they created the face-off games in Nick Arcade.
Get the fuck out.
That was them?
Yeah, Post Haste, Jet Jocks, and Battle of the Bands.
The 12-year-old boy in me who is playing Lemmings on his 486 PC is having a cry right now.
I don't get it poor Rob poor me poor all of us we all lose with this news this week the only thing we can hope these guys form new stuff you know see this would have been another game that would have been good from them that they could have remade and it would have been really sweet Colony Wars was another game that they worked on when they were at Sony
I swear all this is just putting me in a bad mood.
I'm sorry.
Well, I hope they can rise up and start something new.
I mean, I remember PopCap had that iOS studio.
No one's gonna do anything new.
There's no money in anything new.
People want the same recycled crap and companies don't like to take risks.
End of story.
Do you find it a bit ironic that one of the launch games for this whole Sony mobile thing or whatever their platform is Lemmings?
That's just salt in the wound right there.
But I mean, well, but that's just because what's new hasn't been thought of yet.
Facebook at one time didn't exist.
It was new.
But it was still based off of a pre-existing concept.
Social networking is not new.
Well, video games aren't new, but there's still lots of ideas that haven't been discovered yet.
You know, we had pen pals back in the day.
This is updated pen palling, pretty much.
You know...
It's, concepts can evolve, but I really don't think that there's much new to be had anymore.
Everyone copies everybody these days.
I think that's, with all due respect, I think that's just a jaded perspective on where our industry's at.
We feel that way because that's all we're getting.
We're getting sequels.
We're getting all this same old shit.
The people that are doing new things are being ignored.
And I agree, that sucks.
We need to pay attention to the good ideas.
I mean, that's why, and I've told a couple people this, I'm actually going to be writing a book and I'm going to self-publish.
Because you notice that all the books, and I hate to use these as examples because they really are just awful fan fiction, but like that Fifty Shades of Shit.
There's some pretty bad writing that gets published and people eat it up.
But the thing is, is that that's someone who...
Some of these other books that came out that have been rejected by major publishers, they've self-published and have since turned into pretty big money-making schemes.
There's a girl that writes episodic vampire stories on Facebook for 99 cents a copy, and she's a millionaire now.
I mean, a million bucks isn't that much anymore, relatively, as it used to be.
I wouldn't mind having that.
But a college student, you know, putting up her own little stories on Amazon Selling them, you know, at, I think she'd get like a 10% profit off of it Or some really small margin of profit Yeah, but what's the trick?
How do you make people pay for it?
Because if we charge 99 cents an episode of Orange Lounge Radio Let's not kid ourselves
The thing that I'm saying is that I think that's why the Kickstarter thing is actually really taking off.
It has to do back with that self-publishing, self-actualizing.
They're going to the people instead of using some formula that companies think works.
They're putting, say, hey, show me you're interested with your money.
Except 5% of it won't actually go to the idea at all.
But the Kickstarter idea is new.
Relatively new.
And they've made a business off of it, so that's something there.
It's basically, I think, a lot of people taking their own ideas into their own hands, not letting someone else corrupt their idea, and seeing how far they can make it go based on the will of the people.
Fuck this game.
Fuck this game.
Final Fantasy XIV is being pulled off the shelves.
Aw, no more Final Fantasy XIV.
Squeenix said, take it off your shelves.
You know why?
Because they don't want it to get in the way of a Realm Reborn.
They're basically saying that those who are registering their copy of Final Fantasy XIV will have full access to a 30-day free trial period prior to the servers shutting down in preparation for the alpha and beta tests of a Realm Reborn.
so they're wanting to just to not have those old copies go out there anymore they want people to to focus on the new what happens if they don't like use those free like if like I bought the game and I knew that they're gonna shut the servers down and
The servers aren't shutting down.
Don't be confused.
They're just pulling it off shelves.
They're shutting down the servers.
What?
I had not heard that.
Exactly what I read off here from their thing.
Prior to the servers shutting down to prepare for the alpha and beta tests.
Oh, shit.
So, like, why would I want to, you know,
Wow.
If I had 30 days, wouldn't I want to save that for when it starts?
When I originally saw this, that update wasn't there.
That's why.
Wow.
In anticipation of the upcoming Alpha and Beta test for Final Fantasy XIV or Realm Reborn, Square Enix, in coordination with our retail partners, has decided to discontinue sales of the current version of Final Fantasy XIV.
Wow.
That's real.
See, in my mind, I was like, oh, they'll do kind of like what World of Warcraft does.
You have your test servers that run one copy of the game.
That's archaic and dumb, but I mean, not that anybody's really gonna... There'll be hundreds of people that weep over Final Fantasy XIV servers being shut down, but I mean... When it vanishes, though, it is a clean break from the old.
Yeah, that's unprecedented.
I think it's going to kick him in the ass.
Square is literally trying to erase your memory of that game so that when Realm Reborn comes out, it's treated like a brand new game, a brand new launch, like the old one didn't ever happen.
That's crazy.
I think that it's going to come back to kick him, though.
I think it's going to come back and I think it's really going to hurt him.
You know what?
I'm going to give it this.
Final Fantasy XIV sucked.
I tried it two or three times.
I really tried to like it.
It was not a good MMO.
Harry Monkey Balls is what sucked.
Having played WoW, having played Guild Wars, having played Knights of the Old Republic, having played just about everything that's come to the table, Final Fantasy XIV sucked.
I just...
And Eleven made me cry with frustration and everything I saw made me like it better.
Oh, but I don't think it's necessarily going to... I applaud them for taking risks.
I don't know if it will necessarily be a failure.
But I think if you're hedging your bets on sales of the console version of the game, that's dangerous because console MMOs haven't been super, super well done.
So... With the exception of Final Fantasy XI.
So...
I hope they also consider the relaunch on the PC as well.
Fascinating.
It's like the more crap they do with this, the less I'm interested in it.
It's not worth it.
There's bigger and better out there.
Alright, let's move on with some more news.
EA is hoping to avoid a whole... It's kind of funny that they're actually acknowledging it now, but they're trying to put a lot of resources in preventing another FIFA hack going on with FIFA 13.
Basically, they made a lot of money off the Ultimate Team DLC.
Thank you for watching!
They said we've learned a lot from the experience.
A lot of companies are suffering from this right now.
There's a lot of sophisticated hacking happening in the gaming industry.
It's a continuous battle.
We take it very seriously and we put a lot of resources on it.
We're learning from the FIFA example last year and it's been incorporated into this year.
There's some incremental and additional things.
I don't want to get too detailed because I don't want to tip our hand.
Rest assured we'll take it very seriously.
I'm sorry, I still don't see how that's going to happen considering that you're selling the same stuff on Madden now and you're still doing the FIFA thing.
So as long as you keep making it profitable for people to steal those accounts and actually be able to sell stuff for real money, then people are going to keep hacking those accounts to try to make money off of them.
You know, this whole thing gets a nice hearty kiss my ass from EA because, I mean, granted, okay, it's nice that you're like acknowledging something's going on now.
Now that you're trying to sell the new copy of your game, screw you for not having said that this was a problem before.
Now you're just casually saying, oh yes, we've learned from the past, but the new one's going to be bigger and better.
You are using...
People who had their money stolen as an excuse to plug your new game.
That's what it feels like to me, honestly.
As somebody who was FIFA hacked for all this.
So did they learn by adding... Some people frown on the use of the term hacking.
Whatever the fuck it was, money was stolen and...
Social engineering is still a form of hacking, I guess.
So they're going to add more stuff to their marketplace so that there's more things for people to buy?
Is that what they've learned?
Hey, we've learned that we can get a lot of money from people getting their accounts stolen.
So we're just going to add more things that they can buy.
Maybe some stuff for $500 instead.
I don't know.
How about you don't sell stuff for real money?
Well, the reality is where we're at in this industry now, I just don't think that's possible anymore.
We're past that point.
I think it's stupid, though, that they have a $60 game that they're doing all these microtransactions on.
Well, I think it's ridiculous, too, but unfortunately people are buying them, so it's working.
We need to hunt these people out and off them.
You know what?
We shouldn't tell people what to spend their money on.
If people legitimately are doing this.
The other problem I have is that probably 80% of that was all from stolen money.
But, I mean, besides that, people can spend their money however they want.
If they want to buy $60 for the game and then pay all this money for the expansions, let them spend their money on it if that's what makes them happy.
Vote with your wallet.
If you don't like it, don't buy it.
But the problem is, my wallet was stolen and then used to vote.
That's a problem.
That's voter fraud.
Oh, it's not our problem.
It's not our issue.
A year later, oh, we've taken steps to try and make sure that won't happen again.
But it was never our issue in the first place.
Why would you need to take steps if there was not an issue with your, if it was all Microsoft?
So I'd love to know.
Moving on Boy, DarkSakura, you're right The news tonight just makes us There's so much to get angry about this week Let's close the show and go get Pinkberry I thought you were having a healthy day It's yogurt
Trust me, you'd want to get that delicious new chocolate hazelnut, which isn't the best yogurt for you.
Anyway, Ubisoft made an interesting statement this week.
The CEO of Ubisoft, and I can't even say this name, Yves Guillemot, Guillemot, Guillemot, Guillemot, Guillemot, Guillemot, Guillemot, isn't the T usually silent?
came out and said that PC retail games have a gigantic rate of piracy.
And this was talking to games industry at Gamescom.
He said that only about 5% to 7% of freemium players buy content because...
Like the retail PC product, they have a, quote, 93 to 95% piracy rate.
So he's basically saying retail PC games, 93 to 95% piracy rate.
Some other comments, quote, we also take content which we've developed in the past, graphics, et cetera, and we can make cheaper games and improve them over time.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I think if you're looking at just the US and Britain and Japan and the rest of the UK where Ubisoft or wherever in the world they have a presence where they sell games maybe that number seems high but I mean piracy is fucking rampant in other parts of the world I'm sure there's copies of these games easily available in the most populous country in the world China
I'm sure there's tons of free copies of these games roaming around in China so when you throw in the worldwide perspective into the mix I could actually believe the 93-95% piracy rate
But some people are still successful off that model.
Yeah.
I'm not excusing it.
I'm not saying it's okay.
I'm just saying.
And numbers can lie.
You have to manipulate them.
It's not like piracy is anything new or like it's never happened before.
We've never had successful PC games.
But before I believe any of those numbers, I'd have to see where the polls are.
I mean, where it really is.
I wouldn't trust anything, numbers based on markets that wasn't made for.
You're having a very I want to see the receipts kind of night.
I am.
Well, you know I'm like that anyway.
I'm like that anyway.
Loki, what do you think of that number?
93 to 95% piracy rate.
Seems a little high.
I don't know.
I just don't buy it.
Frisbee in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says 85% of statistics are made up on the spot.
Especially in this industry, brother.
All right.
One other note about Ubisoft, which is interesting because Ubisoft previously came out and said the game I Am Alive was never going to come out on the PC, basically because there was no other version.
Well, creative director Stanislaw Metra came out and said about I Am Alive, quote, we've heard loud and clear that PC gamers are bitching about there being no version for them.
Wow.
But are these people just making noise because there's no version or because it's a game they actually want to play?
Would they buy it if we made it?
It's hard because there's so much piracy and so few people are paying for PC games that we have to precisely weigh it up against the cost of making it.
Perhaps it will only take 12 guys three months to port the game to PC.
It's not a massive cost, but it's still a cost.
If only 50,000 people buy the game, then it's not worth it.
Only 50,000?
Well, I have to say, to his credit, he does make a point.
If it takes 12 guys three months to port the game, then using fractions, that would also be three guys 12 months or three annual salaries.
And let's say these guys make, I don't know, 75K a year.
So to just pay those three guys is going to cost $225,000.
and that's not even counting the cost to print the game, to market the game, to sell, you know, and all that stuff.
Make it all download content so you don't have to pay for materials.
I don't know.
But there's some people that would be like, oh, but I don't want to pay.
Viral marketing.
I don't want to do, I don't download games because I have to have the tangible copy.
Then they lose out.
But you're, wait a minute, you're a collector in all this shit.
Why, you, I, hold on.
I collect old shit, Rob.
What?
I collect old things.
and I would have done the download copy if it had been the same so let's make believe I use Steam Rob let's make believe la la la that the next Xbox and the next Playstation and just pulling shit out of my ass the Wii U all go digital only digital download only that's not a problem
Not really.
Honestly, I'm going to say this is going into a little bit of my home stuff.
We're thinking about downsizing.
We have shelves that are taken up with DVDs and with our current game collection.
We have buckets of the old stuff.
The old stuff, that's fine.
But anything new...
I really wouldn't mind having it as a digital copy.
I mean, as long as I've got the software, the hardware to play it on, then I wouldn't mind.
You know, it's less waste, less, it's green, Rob, it's green.
It's green.
You hippie.
Alright.
One more news story and then the release dates.
So how about some persona?
There is going to be Persona 4, the solid gold premium edition.
And it's going to be only 10,000 copies produced, but it will have a Hori hardcover pouch, a face cover, stickers, and Vita skins, along with eight matching wallpapers.
And it's going to be $70.
Okay.
and the first run copies, just to let people know, had just the skins and wallpapers and it was $40.
So for people who are Persona fans, also just to let you know, only in Japan.
Of which there are a few.
That won't stop.
That won't stop many people, I know.
Like the Premium Edition?
Well, no.
The bonus stuff that came out with the Solid Gold Edition are the same ones that came out in Japan.
Yeah.
So, just saying.
No Europe is intended.
Alpha Cananigram in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says they are sold out on Amazon for this Persona 4, the golden kit.
Well, yeah, it's only 10,000 being made.
That shows you how rabid the fans are that they've already sold it out.
I know people that are really, really, really into this game.
There's no Europe that is not coming out, though.
Sorry, guys.
Alright, let's travel around the world and check out release dates.
Games that are coming to a store near you this week.
So this week we've got Damage Inc.
Pacific Squadron World War 2 coming out from Mad Catz.
It's the first game that they're publishing on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Guild Wars 2 coming out on PC, both in limited edition and regular edition.
Madden NFL 13 on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii, and Vita.
A couple of collections for you on the PS3.
Infamous Collection, which features Infamous 1 and 2 in the DLC.
God of War Saga God of War Saga
Journey Collector's Edition, as I mentioned earlier.
That's on PS3 this week as well.
And that's it.
on the PlayStation 3 on the 30th.
Quite a bit more to pick from.
There's also Dirt Showdown.
But you also can get Aqua Paza, Aqua Plus Dream Match in regular and limited edition.
Kame Jigen Game Neptune 5 in limited and regular edition from Idea Factory.
From Capcom, Sengoku Basara HD Collection comes out over there.
What game is that?
What's Sengoku Basara?
It's Samurai...
Samurai Warriors.
No, it's not Samurai Warriors.
It's their Dynasty Warriors clone.
Looks like it.
No, Sengoku Basara.
It's over here at... It's a Capcom game.
It's... Somebody in the chat will shout it out.
I can't remember.
It's on the tip of my tongue.
Devil... Not Devil Kings.
It's... Is it Devil Kings?
No, it's not Devil Kings.
It's...
Well, look it up while I read the rest of these.
Shadows of the Damned gets a price reduction from EA this week as well.
Moving on to the 3DS.
The 3DS this week gets Devil Summoner Soul Hackers from Atlas.
I think some people will be excited about that.
and also Senran Kagura Burst Guren no Shodotachi comes out as well Devil Kings says it's done Dynasty Warrior Clone says Akuma JP there it is, thank you
That's why I love having a live chat room Lastly, on the PlayStation Vita Hatsune Miku Project Diva F I teased that last week You can get a whole damn Vita There's a bundle coming out for Hatsune Miku I'm poor So you can check that out if you want And that's the big release on the PlayStation Vita The game that will save the PlayStation Vita is out this week Let's go to the United Kingdom
On the 28th, we have Damage Inc.
Pacific Squadron World War II, Guild Wars 2, Journey Collector's Edition for PS3.
On the 29th, we have Anomaly, Wars on Earth, Joe Danger 2, the movie, and Rock Band Blitz.
On the 31st, we have Final Fantasy Dimensions for the Android, iPad, and iPhone.
Madden.
And Tales of Grace's F on PS3.
All right, just a couple more news stories for you guys, and then the classic game of the week.
But first, Loki.
Well, we were talking about Facebook and how they want to shove advertisements down our throat.
Well, Sony has patented something to shove advertisements down our throat.
It's called a TV.
No, actually, it's called interactive TV ads, which basically allow you... And I've actually kind of seen this on some other websites.
For example...
One of the interactive bits about it, like a McDonald's ad or something like that, and you have to say McDonald's to end commercial.
And if you say McDonald's, then the commercial ends, that type of thing.
There's a website, as I talked about a lot, of Freddie Wong.
They do videos and stuff like that.
They have a YouTube channel.
But they have their own website called Rocket Jump, and their video player that they have on there has ads.
But to skip the ads, you have to type a word in.
So you can watch the ad or you can type, you know, Ford Focus and it'll stop the ad.
So it's kind of like, okay, this way the advertiser knows this person saw the ad.
It's not just like clicking on skip.
They know what the product is and they're aware of what you're trying to do.
So that's kind of cool.
I mean...
I just don't know what sort of things and games are going to require advertisements or commercials where I actually have to say something in order to have them go away, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Well, I don't want to get into it.
To be fair, the Viagra was not made to do that.
It was made for heart problems, but it just happened to have this side effect.
Oh, how's your heart?
Boner!
That happens in the pharmaceutical industry a lot of times.
Well, the medication I was taking for my chronic fatigue syndrome is actually what they all prescribe for narcolepsy.
Isn't it kind of ironic, though, that they tell you that you shouldn't use Viagra if you have heart problems?
You know, it's like... Well, because it was for a certain type of heart condition.
I'm not a doctor.
I'm not going to try to explain it, but... Anyhow.
Some folks in chat says... Hitstun says, Adblock Plus is made for invasive ads like this.
And RDGSinge says, Thank God for ad and flash blockers.
That's true in browsers, but when you're talking about being built in the consoles, I'm assuming this is going to be streaming stuff, like I'm watching ad-supported things.
Yeah.
Which, I mean, it's ad-supported.
It's like if I'm watching TV, and it's free.
If you're on Hulu.
If Sony's about to do something like the Kinect, where they're putting a microphone in your living room, because think about it, Microsoft could incorporate this into the Kinect right now.
Can you imagine if the Kinect would interrupt you, for example, like you're talking about...
Man, I wish I... Where do you want to eat tonight?
Hey guys, were you talking about eating somewhere?
Oh my god, that's terrible.
Can you imagine we're sitting here doing the show and Jamie's like, Rob, let's just end the show and go to Pinkberry.
And then suddenly up on the TV it all, did you know Pinkberry's latest flavor is chocolate hazelnut?
We laugh about that now, but that is the future.
No, no, no, no.
We have to put our foot down.
The whole Big Brother is watching you 1984.
Do you want to be in that?
Here's the thing, though.
But that's targeted advertising.
Unplug it.
That's targeted advertising.
You want to know about Pinkberry versus you want to know about natural male enhancement or you want to know about... I don't need natural male enhancement.
I have natural male enhancement.
What's not natural about, you know, naked boobies?
I mean, that's natural male enhancement.
Or whatever, turns you on.
Although I like boobies, but, you know.
They should have a strip club named Natural Male Enhancement.
That would be pretty awesome.
Alright, um, rdgsinge in chat says, I did that trick to block MS ad servers from pushing ads on my Xbox system, but every now and then they get through.
Would be nice to know what to update.
You know, but we have ads on vognetwork.com and, you know, it isn't free to produce this stuff.
We pay for a lot of this shit out of pocket because it's our hobby and it's, you know, what we like to do, but I just would really appreciate it if you like the shows at vognetwork.com.
just put it on the whitelist for fuck's sake like we really tried to design things to not be invasive because we know you know like you guys we don't want to be invasive but you know when you block them all you're blocking the little guys too click an ad every once in a while once in a while visit the site help us out you can click the ad and then close the page all right moving on
technically I think encouraging people to do that is like a violation of the whatever don't be suspicious when you do it alright they know that's what's going on moving on one more thing maybe this is a little more exciting let's end this ranty and depressing and sad segment of Orange Lounge Radio well we're about to be off for a week with something a little better and that is that Harmonix is apparently looking for a combat designer what
I was thinking everybody's kung fu fighting.
or or you know when you're a jet you know you're a jet you know it's capoeira game who knows anything's possible uh in addition to finishing development on rock band blitz and dance central 3 harmonix is actively developing multiple new ips on next generation hardware we're looking for the best and most experienced devs out there to join us so obviously speculate away what the hell could this be um you know a lot of people making up their own ideas but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I'll believe it when I see it.
I am the queen of JTB.
I want to see the receipts.
I just think it's ironic that a music game company is working on an action game.
That could be cool.
TigerClaw in chat says, maybe Harmonix is working on a Battle of the Bands game.
You're in a band and you actually have to battle each other by hitting each other with musical instruments.
That's been done on the Wii and it was terrible.
And it was called Battle of the Bands and they literally had it where you
Your band equipment would turn into a minigun.
Tiger Claw is going to get taken to court.
Sued for $1.2 billion.
It's terrible.
Battle of the bands on the Wii.
If you want to have battles right away, Yakuza 5 will have dance battles.
Because you know, don't we just love minigame dancing in every fucking game?
So Yakuza 5 will have... Well, granted, Yakuza has a lot of shit going on.
So...
Maybe this isn't completely out of character for the Yakuza series, but whatever.
They are doing dance battles.
And Yakuza 5, one of the subplots is about the adopted daughter of Kazuma Kiryu.
It's Haruka.
She's trying to become an idol.
So you'll do these dance battles.
It's a little rhythm game.
I could explain more about it, but whatever.
Let's hope that Harmonix isn't working on a step-up revolution game.
Let's hope.
She wants to be a pop idol so that her song will be featured in the newest anime put out by Gainax.
No, not really.
Can't wait.
They have karaoke and sleeping dogs.
Let's travel to a time when we didn't get so fucking mad about everything.
Except this game.
We got really mad at one of the bosses.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
If you're super depressed about all these studios closing, why not play some of the greats from the past?
Yeah, if you're depressed, pretend you're a ninja and slice shit to death and blow shit up with ninja bombs.
Go into denial.
Yeah, go into denial.
The game of the week is called Shadow of the Ninja, or as it was known in Japan, Yaminoshigote... Okay, I'm going to mispronounce this.
It's Yaminoshigote...
Shigotonin Kage which is Dark Professional Shadow that's actually a cooler name so basically it's a futuristic ninja themed side scroll arcade action type game and I am trying to get the audio up but remember when Natsume didn't do Harvest Moon no actually I don't this was a game by Natsume
It came out in Japan in 1990 and came out in North America in 1991.
The PAL version was published by Taito under the name Blue Shadow, which is actually a pretty cool name.
Oh, because he's blue.
Well, yeah, but also there was this big thing in the 80s and early 90s in England where you couldn't, say, have ninja in the title.
Like, for example, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles.
Rob, did you know that?
I did know that.
Okay.
Cool.
Well, Natsume also did a Game Boy version of this, however, it actually got picked up by Tecmo and they tried to make it into a Ninja Gaiden game called Ninja Gaiden Shadow, which is sort of half Shadow of the Ninja and half Ninja Gaiden and 100% kind of crap.
What?
Well, actually, in Hindi it means eagle.
I learned that from doing yoga.
Has taken over the USA and made a big stronghold in the middle of the nation's, quote, largest city.
So these two ninja, Hayate and Kaede, have to go infiltrate the stronghold and kill him to death!
So it is up to two players simultaneous, or you can pick one or the other, which is, like I said, Hayate or Kaede.
And you can... There's actually no difference between who you play, really.
But they just look differently.
Um...
And, uh, you, uh, basically you can run, you can crouch, you can climb ladders, you can actually, um, hang from certain areas overhead.
Including a lot of the moving platforms, you can do that too.
Um, and you actually can get, uh, you can build up your weapon over time too.
They have special attacks.
One of them is a thunderstorm that will just damage all the on-screen enemies, but it takes half your life to do it.
It actually is quite possible to play this whole game without using any of that.
Your default weapon is katana.
However, you can also get kusarigama.
It has a longer range, but the katana will actually get a full screen range once it's fully powered up, and everyone really likes it better.
You also can get some limited use items.
You get shuriken or what my husband calls the ninja bomb, which is just some sort of hand grenade.
And then once you use up your number of those, you actually go back to either using the katana or the kusarigama.
For anyone who doesn't know what that is, it's a hook on a rope.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, it has five levels, um, totaling 16 stages.
The first four are in three stages, the final one is in two.
And, uh, you have your bosses, you have your mini-bosses, and, uh, you, um, when you beat a boss it explodes, but the explosion heals you, and you can, that way you can carry over life into the next level.
if your game will actually be over if you lose all of your energy and you only have five continues.
If you have two players in the game, your continues are shared, so I hope you're playing with someone who doesn't suck.
But, I mean, the game was really awesome when it came out, and, I mean, just sit and watch a playthrough of this, or play it yourself if you've got it.
It's got neat effects, great animation for a NES game.
The music, Bob, turn up some music if you don't mind.
The music is really good.
And it's totally worth... It has an old Mega Man feel to it a little bit.
A little bit.
Yeah, a little bit.
In fact, there are actually these little enemies that slide across the floor slowly, but when you're on the floor, they move faster.
It totally made me think of some Mega Man 2 enemies.
Let me go to part one here.
You just have to scroll past the intro.
Just to get the first level music.
I guess they're waiting for Stage 1-2
It's a really neat game, and on top of that, you can find it really inexpensive in a used game store.
It's a game that I think everyone should have in their collection.
Yeah, the American box art is stupendously hokey looking.
It's like, ooh, action game with a couple of ninja who look, you know, amazingly white.
So, but it really is a very, very good game and I totally recommend everyone, you know, shell out the five to ten bucks it is at your local used video game store.
Shadow of the Ninja, get it.
There it is, a classic game of the week, Shadow of the Ninja on the NES.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio on vognetwork.com, use the passphrase element.
All right, we're going to take a break, but don't go anywhere, guys.
We'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio after a quick break where, yes, we'll talk a little bit about that Nintendo Power thing I'm sure you've all heard about.
We'll talk a little bit about that.
And we're going to talk about some changes to Diablo 3.
We'll talk all about that and more, including your emails, your tweets at twitter.com slash OLR, and your phone calls coming up a little later, including one phone call from someone who has something to say about Wii U, who actually has touched one and played one.
I've got something to say.
Nothing to say!
I miss that show.
By the way, if you want to know my favorite TV show of all time, of all time, ever, and it's on Netflix.
It's on Netflix?
Oh, yeah.
Strangers with Candy.
The most amazing 30 episodes.
A 30-minute episode is what when it's cut out the commercials?
Like 23 minutes?
22, yeah.
So put it together.
Most amazing 600 minutes of your life.
That's what you should do Labor Day weekend.
Make it a point to watch every episode of Strangers with Candy.
This is the greatest sitcom I have ever seen in my life.
It's not even really a sitcom, but it's... Look, Stephen Colbert was in it before he had that Colbert rapport.
And he is my absolute inspiration as an educator.
Where's your permission slip, Mr. Knoblet?
Shut your dirty little mouth!
fucking amazing now I'm going to be thinking about that as we go to break we'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio live on this last episode for the month of August.
And again, we won't be here next week.
Have a great Labor Day, those of you in the States.
Those of you not in the States, have a great weekend, whatever it is you do.
But sadly, we won't be here live next weekend as we enjoy the three-day weekend and catch up on some games that we've been needing to catch up on or Marathon Strangers of Candy, one of the two.
Alright, let's get into some rapid fire news.
Some quick news stories for you guys before we get to the Facebook and Google question of the week, or the Fugle question of the week.
First off, Loki.
Microsoft wants to let you know that the Kinect has dropped in price to $109.99.
That's $40 cheaper than it was when it first came out.
The game's being better, though?
Thank you for watching!
It's probably under $10.
$6.71.
You can't beat that.
If you pledge $6.71, not only will you get the games that they were offering, which were Field Runners, Bit.Trip Beat, Space Chem, and Uplink.
You would have previously unlocked Spirits, but you also now will unlock World of Goo, Osmos, Anomaly, and Edge.
all those games available for Android and for PC they're multi-platform so you get the Steam codes as well as the DRM free downloads for all that stuff actually I should correct myself to get the Steam codes you have to pay over a dollar so obviously if you're paying over the average you would get the Steam codes but check them out sounds awesome
And then, last but not least, that wonderful Scott Pilgrim online multiplayer DLC that was also going to unlock an additional character and whatnot.
Yeah, it got delayed to the fall.
Womp womp.
I don't know why, but that's unfortunate.
And I guess the PlayStation Network version will also release during that time frame as well.
Alright, moving on with some other stories.
So,
I wish I could, but my internet is slowing down and I don't have the skills.
Yeah, that's what I was running into.
Something's up with our web.
We suddenly just lost our web.
Mine just plain hasn't worked today.
I don't know what's going on, but awkward pause.
All right.
I wonder if, oh shit, I wonder if we just had a stream hiccup because of that.
Let me look.
No, we're still connected.
The joys and pains of doing live radio.
That's all right.
I have a few things here for you guys.
All right.
Mashihiro Sakurai.
You know that name because he's the director of Super Smash Brothers.
He mentioned at the CEDEC developer conference in this past week that the Smash Brothers game on Wii U and 3DS will have new and exciting moves for existing characters.
He also mentioned there will be, of course, a bunch of new characters.
Now will come the epically long tease of which characters will be there and which characters won't be there and so on and so on.
But it sounds like they are going to expand the moveset a little bit.
I'm wondering if that means there's going to be more than two buttons from here on out for Smash Bros.
That could be interesting.
Speculate away!
Because lots of people already are.
Still button mash brothers, I bet.
This is going to piss some people off.
This is coming from a former 3D modeler that worked at Rare on games like Donkey Kong 64, Jet Force Gemini, and so forth.
Apparently...
Rare did want to do a new Killer Instinct game, but Microsoft was more interested in broadening the Xbox user base.
Quote, the same game every Rare fan wants to see, and that's Killer Instinct 3.
We all wanted to make Killer Instinct 3, but Microsoft was more interested in broadening their demographic than making another fighting game.
So it never got made.
I doubt it never will.
Microsoft, FU!
Nope.
No, sir.
It's an iOS port of the game.
It's coming out next week.
And I believe the price on it is $20.
Because Square Enix likes to charge more money for their games than 99 cents.
To be fair, they don't shove the free-to-play model down your throat, make you buy power-ups and all that.
So at least for your $20, you're getting a well-rounded game.
And I gotta say...
some of their iPad games and such look great like their Final Fantasy and Final Fantasy 2 ports that they did on the original iPhone kind of before there was iPad looked great on the iPhone so you know I'm sure the game will look really good but I don't know again the lack of tactile controls I think is what frustrates a lot of people like we don't really want to see games like The World Ends With You get ported to iOS because touch controls kind of suck on a lot of these games at least I know that's what frustrates me
Yeah, and then $20 is still pretty expensive for anything that's on, you know, iOS.
I think for that reason, because it's, you know, you're kind of gimping the game a little bit.
Well, not everything's $0.99.
I was just looking at iPad apps today, and some of the better-selling iPad apps are the official Apple, you know, versions of, what is it, Keynote is like their PowerPoint-type thing, is one of their top sellers.
It's $9.99.
GarageBand does very well.
It's a $5 app.
Yeah, but $5.99 versus $20 is still a bit much.
Well, but how much did it cost on the DS?
Probably closer to $35.
Technically, it was free.
Well, it's been out for a while now.
I mean, you can buy it on the DS for probably less than $20.
Now that I'd agree with, yes.
So that's my issue with that is it's been out for a while.
I mean, they can put it at $20, but it doesn't mean everyone's going to buy it for that.
Well, look, I'm going to admit, and this might ruffle some feathers or whatever, but I actually didn't play this game on DS.
I didn't either.
I just didn't get around to it.
We don't have time to play every single game.
So I don't know if I would necessarily go out of my way to check it out on iOS, but I know there are some fans of this game and are really hoping it will result in a sequel.
It does make me think, oh, I need to go back and try the one on DS.
So we'll see.
Shima Panic in our chatroom says, the world ends with you.
DS was $40 at launch.
Thank you.
$40.
I think mine's actually still in my DS.
Makes $20 not seem so bad.
All right.
Let's move on.
DarkSakura.
Well, XSEED put out an announcement that Ragnarok Odyssey is going to have two editions to choose from.
The first one is a standard that's only the game, and then the mercenary edition that comes with the soundtrack, a mercenary guide that's sort of an art book and strategy guide, and monster cards, ten random ones.
The standard edition is $40, and the mercenary edition is $50, so it depends on how much money you want to spend for stuff that'll collect dust later.
Don't know And for fans of Dance Central, there is a song list out for Dance Central 3 Nine new songs actually have come out There's Afrojack featuring Eva Simmons, Take Over Control Alexandra Stan, Mr. Saxo Beat Half the shit I haven't heard of I know that song, it's a total gay bar song I don't know how else to phrase it
Ciara featuring Missy Elliott, One Two Step, Cupid with Cupid Shuffle, Daft Punk around the world.
I love Daft Punk.
Dev featuring the, what band is going to call themselves the Cataracts?
Hi, I'm an eye disease.
Bass down low.
Ener featuring Natasha, I guess is how it's supposed to be.
Calabria 2008, Martin Selvig featuring Dragonette, Hello.
That song's cute.
I know that song.
I like that song.
The Tramps, Disco Inferno I fucking love Disco Inferno because I was a little kid with my Saturday Night Fever soundtracks freaking dancing on my bed to Disco Inferno any song that has burn baby burn in the lyrics totally down for it around the world's gonna be awesome yep
Oh, and last but never least, there is a survival game coming up by... Can I read a comment from Stan in our chat room?
What band would call themselves Anthrax?
Well, no one ever accused metal bands of having much in the way of intelligence.
They're probably on heroin.
True statement.
Allegedly.
I like Anthrax, actually.
Who doesn't like Anthrax?
But you have to be in a certain mood for Anthrax.
Anthrax is just fun.
Anyway.
Anyway, the developer Clay Entertainment that did Shank is doing a survival game called Don't Starve that has a closed beta available to those who pre-order the game for a whopping $7.
I hear the closed beta is in Africa.
Africa because that's a game that they play all the time don't starve
Anyway, it's going to be $15 when it comes to Steam, so you're pretty much getting it for 77% off if you order it ahead of time.
The demo is on the official site, so you can give it a try for free.
It's about a gentleman scientist who has to go to the wilderness world of a demon, and he just doesn't starve.
So it's like Tokyo Jungle with Minecraft.
Minecraft.
I guess.
I'm going to buy it seven bucks.
Why not?
I can afford that.
Sounds cool.
Yeah.
Is that it?
Indeed.
Do you want to break things?
It's done.
All right.
Let's travel to the Fugle question of the week.
What is the Fugle question of the week?
Facebook and Google Plus.
Slam them together and you get Fugle.
Because you removed the plus.
What?
Wow.
Here it is on Google Question of the Week.
This is about the world ends with you getting announced for iOS to extremely missed reaction.
What game would you actually like to see ported to mobile phones?
iOS, Android, whatever your choice is.
Or would you be perfectly happy if we never had another port of a classic game again?
And of course, we expect the listeners to give us a little bit of why.
Panaxium said anything puzzle strategy or turn-based.
The controls wouldn't suffer much, which is important for the smartphone transition.
Those kinds of games would also be a lot easier to set aside with little notice.
Revenge of the Titans would be a blast.
Redertainment has a very get-off-my-lawn approach.
What happened to the good old days when phones were phones, music players were music players, and gas cost under $2?
That being said, Portal.
I would like to see the classic game Portal ported to mobiles just to see the spectacular ways that game would crash my phone and drain my battery like a vampire.
Well, yes, it is now a classic.
No.
Okay, 10 years from now.
In 10 years, yeah, it'll be a classic.
Maybe I shouldn't have said classic game in the question because I think Portal's a fine answer.
But anyway, also Tetris.
Not the version available now that required swiping.
A version of Tetris with button-based controls that I can play on the go seems like a great idea to me.
Yes, I remember the Tetris DS exists, but I want to play competitively and my Wi-Fi at home sucks.
Jim replied saying I would love to see a port of Deja Vu utilizing the touch controls of course.
Remember those old ass PC games like Shadow, was it Shadow Run?
No, Shadow Run's the other game.
Shadow Keep.
I'm the one that liked Loom, so.
Yeah.
No, I remember Deja Vu and then there was another one, The Uninvited or something like that.
It was a whole trilogy of them that was on the NES and they were originally Mac games if I remember right.
Shadow Gate.
Shadow Gate.
Shadow Gate was freaking hard.
God.
Shadowgate had an amazing soundtrack though oh my god I seriously have you ever done Shadowgate as the classic game of the week if not you really need to think about it I never really was a fan of Shadowgate to be honest I'm doing it a week you're gone then I'll do it I mean I know a lot of people like it can I play some epic music from Shadowgate real quick sure I just love the music in Shadowgate I like this music but then like the death music was really freaky
Like, shit, I died.
Harpsichord for Ness.
Moving on to... Says Donkey Kong for iCade.
It was the original April Fool's joke and it sold me on the iCade.
If Nintendo ever released on iOS phones, it should start with their 80s arcade games.
Let's see.
Actdeft replied, despite me hating on the iOS port of The World Ends With You, I would really like to see Viva Pinata on mobile.
The game is great to play for short amounts, and it will keep you really occupied playing it.
Interesting.
He takes an approach that's not about controls, but about the way we play games.
And maybe a game like Viva Pinata in short bursts is better suited for mobile phones.
How would you feel about Animal Crossing on mobile phones?
Monitoring my village.
That would be crack That's a death joke Tiara
Hi Tiara!
Geek-life.com Wonderful site, please visit it.
Tiara from Geek-Life replies and says, this is Facebook now by the way,
They're already on every other type of console ever, so I'd love an iOS port of Final Fantasy 4 and Final Fantasy 6.
I have the original Final Fantasy and Final Fantasy Tactics on my iPhone, and I love being able to play them when I'm on the subway or looking for something quiet to do while my hubby is working on law school stuff.
It's great having old classics that I love at my fingertips without having to carry around anything larger than my phone.
You know, Tiara, you might already know this, but they did a really good port of Final Fantasy 3, the DS version that's on the iPhone.
I've been playing that
which I'm sure some people, not everybody's a fan of.
And plus, I don't know, there was a lot I liked about the DS remake and there was a lot I just, it was just weird seeing the sprite-based game I used to love in the 3D environment was so weird.
But then again, I would love to see that opera scene from 6 redone.
You know?
There's things I'd like.
Zether says, Time Crisis.
Touch controls for a light gun game just sound right.
That actually does sound like a really good idea.
And they've already done that.
Did they do Time Crisis?
I believe they did.
Oh, well, maybe Zether needs to go check the store.
How about Point Blank then?
How about Point Blank?
I was going to say Point Blank would be awesome.
Great fucking suggestion.
Nick M replies and says, I would love a port of the original Worms Armageddon, not a sequel because Team 7 has screwed up every Worms game since.
I chose this game because the gameplay and fun factor would not be affected by touch controls.
I could see that.
I'm sure there's Worms clones.
There's got to be clones all over the marketplace already.
Alan replied and said, troll answer, Steel Battalion.
Serious answer.
I think the Panzer Dragoon games would clean up nice and make great use of tilt controls.
Res would be great too.
Steer with tilt and drag finger for linking targets.
That's surprisingly not a bad idea.
Good job, Alan.
Matt replied, Matt J replied on Facebook with a no.
We're finally seeing some no's.
which specific hardware in mind just don't translate well to the ever-changing mobile platforms.
I agree with what some have said.
The World Ends With You is worth $20.
It's worth $20 on the DS.
It's not worth $2 on iOS.
It will not be as good of an experience.
A good example is Grand Theft Auto 3.
I got it for my iPad.
I've yet to beat the very first mission for the horrible car controls just drive me nuts.
I beat the same game years back on the PC.
Loved it.
I'm just glad I only paid a buck for Grand Theft 3 Eios.
Did they ever do Dragon's Lair?
Yes.
I'm sure they did.
I mean, I was just thinking that one would be perfect.
I'm going to quickly go through some of these other ones, just read kind of the game or whatever.
Haseo Sumirogaro replied and said, no, in a nutshell, because IOS will fuck it up like they fuck up most games.
Loco Poco replied saying, a mobile version of the adventure game, The Neverhood, point and click adventure games would be great ported.
And he's not happy about the Square Enix World's Ends With You remake.
Stan replied, a new chapter to the Space Channel 5 series.
for iOS or for anything.
Hitstun said Missile Command and Crystal Castles work great on multi-touch phones.
You know, they do have that in the Atari thing.
I think he said, I think he knows that because he says they work great on multi-touch phones.
What about Marble Madness?
That's a good idea too.
He does say more faithful ports of classic trackball games.
Marble Madness.
There he is.
Marble Madness, he says.
An arcade perfect port.
Capcom Bowling would be a natural too.
Maybe we could get a port for the Japanese only Sega Sonic the Hedgehog.
and lastly... There's a game called Manic Marble.
Lastly, I'm not sure what Clover Nikon means by this comment.
LucasArts Outlaws First Person Shooter.
Was that a game LucasArts did?
I don't know the game Outlaws.
Is that a LucasArts game that I'm just not ringing a bell?
Because when I think LucasArts, I think of the old strategy games like Loom and Indiana Jones and shit and Maniac Mansion and all that.
I'm looking right now.
Of course, I'm sure the chatterers at live.vognetwork.com will be happy to correct me in a minute.
I'm looking right now.
Let's see.
Outlaws.
Yeah.
Shooter game for the Commodore 64.
I'll be damned.
1985 and 1997 there were different releases.
That's not the one.
The 97 release must be the one he's talking about.
Yes, it was LucasArts and the Jedi Engine.
I didn't know this game at all.
Now I want to look it up.
Was it Jedi Outlaws?
No.
It was done in that Jedi Engine.
Let me look.
Because I remember they had the first person shooter one that was from 1997 or whatever.
Mm-hmm.
I'm looking it up right now, except YouTube won't work, so I'll have to look later.
Alright, anything quickly you guys would like to see on iOS or not?
Second point blank.
A real marble madness, I guess.
I'd like a Marble Madness sequel type of thing.
Maybe a better version of Silent Hill and Metal Gear Solid, those shooters.
On iOS though, I can't see Silent Hill on iOS.
They had a Silent Hill iPhone game and it was terrible.
It's like the old Sega shooter games.
Any of the Sega shooters would be pretty cool.
Like...
Gunblade Gunblade would be fucking awesome also any of the shooters any of their arcade stuff
Alright, I knew the chatters wouldn't let me down.
VXJSNXV says, Outlaws was quite fun indeed.
I think I bought it at some point and sucked at it a lot for some reason.
Dungeon Buster says, Outlaws cutscenes had the same animated look that Full Throttles did, only stylized for a western adventure.
Taiki in our chat reminds us there was Marble Madness 2.
It was called Marble Man.
Marble Man.
I don't think that ever actually came out though.
It was like a prototype thing.
One of those legendary games, right?
S2100 Matt says, this sounds like a listless topic.
Maybe next time.
Let's get some more news out of the way.
Loki.
It's unfortunate, but Nintendo Power is coming to an end.
Their last issue will be running in December.
Unfortunately, they just have no plans on continuing any further than that.
Before, they were...
Running it through in-house stuff, but then it was forwarded to future publishing in 2007.
Print media is just not as popular anymore as it used to be.
And then, of course, Nintendo is going to be getting their news out slightly differently.
Can I just say this real quick about Nintendo Power, though?
Because I saw a lot of the people on Twitter and Facebook were saying like,
This makes me really sad.
I used to love this magazine as a kid.
I remember when I had Nintendo Power and it's just kind of funny.
And while it is sad in a way, I think you're really sad that you're getting older because nobody said, I'm really sad it's going away because I'm currently subscribed.
Nobody said that.
I think a lot of people are just sad because it's a relic from their childhood.
It's no longer there.
But hello, they went bankrupt because nobody was still subscribed.
Anybody in here subscribed to Nintendo Power currently?
Nope.
And let's be real, it's changed hands over the years and so forth.
There is no more Howard and Nestor.
Nope.
It's just, it's tough for a print magazine to survive right now.
It's tough.
I would have loved for an e-book.
That makes me so sad.
It's just... Because that's like what I went to school for.
I know, but...
Got to evolve into the digital format.
On the Wii U tablet, you could have flipped through pages or something.
It would have been awesome.
So to get the word out about the Wii U release date and pricing, September 13th, they're going to be doing another press event.
They're going to be talking about it.
It's going to be held in New York City.
And the least that's assumed what they're going to be talking about is the Wii U pricing and release date.
249, 3349, and November 18th.
We'll see, Loki.
That's just a guess.
Allegedly.
The titles that were released on the 20th now move to the 13th.
Alright, we'll see.
Alright, moving on.
You remember Adventure on the Atari 2600?
Back in the days of the Atari 2600 where we had games like Baseball, Basketball,
Video Pinball
Well, also, Adventure was just kind of a neat little game that, you know, a lot of games, like, you see things in Adventure that influence the Legend of Zelda, for real.
Like, a lot of what comes to Legend of Zelda was in Adventure on the Atari 2600.
Therefore, it has its fans.
And more than 30 years later, we're looking at yet another sequel to Adventure.
Now, I believe there was a prototype some time ago of Adventure 2, but that's not part of the canon that we have now.
What we do have is that in 2009, there was Evil Magician Returns, which was programmed by ByteKnight from the Atari Age forums, and he did this in 2009, and this is in reference to the unseen antagonist who stole and hid the chalice in the original game.
He didn't have the rights to call it Adventure 2, but he could call it Evil Magician.
Hooray, generic bad guy.
Well, now, Evil Magician returns too.
Ah!
He's back, bitch.
You have to overcome both him and his apprentice.
They are personally guarding the chalice.
Keys, mazes, flickering grottos, and bats.
and it has come out.
Yes, it is an adventure game.
There has to be an Easter egg in there somewhere, so be on the lookout for that.
You know, I gotta say this.
For an Atari 2600 game, the graphics are pretty sweet.
DarkSakura?
Paragon System Mass Effect
has 100 additional levels for you to push through once you meet the current level max.
It's coming in update 1.0.4 and basically all of your experience that you get after 60 will be put into your Paragon levels.
So it gives you a boost in your core stats and an extra 3% boost in magic and gold find.
Also, there is this, trying to find where exactly it was, the Nephilim Valor bonuses will also give a 15% boost in experience towards the Paragon levels per stack.
So fun.
I love that they made the end game more exciting by basically adding 100 levels.
Pretty much.
Apparently there's some game balance things and other things they did too.
Like we talked about this on Horde House a little bit.
And Extifer has been playing a lot of Diablo lately because he's not really playing WoW right now.
But him and his partner play a lot, a lot of Diablo.
And he says it's great that the game balancing and everything is great.
Me, I haven't touched Diablo since like the first month it came out.
But...
Maybe I need to take a second look after WoW and Guild Wars and all that other stuff.
Free with Blood Pact.
Which you can't sign up for anymore.
Just a couple more news stories for you guys in the mailbag.
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is where the emails go.
But first, some more stories.
Alright.
This is kind of interesting.
You remember that whole Peter Molyneux thing that they were doing on the iOS platform where it was basically this
Curiosity was what the game was called.
It was kind of controversial because you can buy in-game things to help you chip away at this cube faster, including one piece that's $50,000 or $5,000.
So anyways, that game's been delayed to September.
Also, because it's been delayed, I'm not sure if this is the reason, but
They had to change their title because you may remember there was a certain program from NASA that landed a rover on Mars named Curiosity.
Yeah, that was kind of bad.
Well, that wasn't bad.
No, it was bad for Curiosity because they couldn't use a name anymore.
Bad for Peter Molyneux, but fuck him.
So now it's not just Curiosity, it's Curiosity What's in the Cube.
What's Inside the Cube is what it's called.
What's in the box?
Tell me what's in the box!
Pretty much, yeah.
You don't get seven.
So they have that going on right now.
I gotta wonder though, when is the next Apple announcement for iOS 6?
Isn't that supposed to be in September sometime?
The iPhone 5 announcement is happening.
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
I thought they were able to fix that.
I thought they patched it somewhere on the back end or something.
Chiggers in our chat says, dick in a box.
That would be fucking hilarious.
Actually, Peter Molyneux would gain my ultimate respect if what's in the box, my dick.
That would make headlines.
I feel short-changed.
Alright, moving on.
Konami is set to shake the industry.
Goddammit, what is wrong with our web tonight?
Like, nothing's working.
Alright, I remember this story from earlier, though.
Konami is... I forget who said it at an event.
I want to say it was Kojima.
Somebody involved with Kojima Productions because there's an announcement coming up for Metal Gear's 25th anniversary and they were quoted as saying... It was Ken Mondaza.
Thank you.
With Kojima Productions.
It's only that, right?
Okay, that was quoted in saying that the industry is going to get shaken up.
Yeah, they have a lot of things to look forward to next week, not just for fans, but I think the industry is going to be shook by what we're going to be able to present here.
At least it's not a Frogger game.
That's all I know.
Oh, I finally got it here.
There we go.
Yeah.
I was going to say, my internet's working just fine, but... I don't know.
It's because I stream the show and all that off this computer, too.
But anyway, we will find out what the shakedown is August 30th when this event, it's the 25th anniversary event, will take place there at Tokyo Midtown.
Alright, whatever.
Moving on.
Let's get to the mailbag.
Every week you guys send us emails.
Mailbag at OrangeLaunchRadio.com DarkSakura dives into the mailbag head first.
Hope she doesn't find any anthrax.
Sticky!
Unless they're 80s metal bands.
Dude, Anthrax and Public Enemy, just saying Alright, uh Read the emails, dammit Hey, sexies This Labor Day, me and Sally's girl This is from Jim Sally, by the way Me and Sally's girl are gonna catch up on Portal 2 We bought that game day one And neither of us has beat it yet I'm hoping we can tap out those portals all day Then tap out her portal all night Oh yeah
If you were stuck on a desert island with your sexy partner and could bring only one game to play, what's the sexiest game you can think of to bring?
Sexily yours, Gem Sally.
Sent from the sexy Wi-Fi cafe on the Sally train.
Choo-choo, motherfuckers.
You wouldn't have any electricity on a deserted island?
Let's make believe there's a bike that will power it.
Well, you know, if the professor from Gilligan's Island could get... It would be something on the internet so I would have net gaming and GPS.
It would be something on my phone so I could turn on my where is my phone feature and people could find me that way.
You're so not fun.
No.
Loki?
Well, if it's with a bicycle, then it's gotta be Prop Cycle.
I added the bicycle.
Go back to the original question.
Sexiest game to take to the desert island?
Sexiest game, desert island.
Guy game?
Damn, you took my answer.
I would say, I don't know, some of the scenes in Mass Effect, you know, if you're into, you know, whatever it is you're into If it's, you know, Shepard and Garrus or, in my case, Shepard and Elinko, you know, some of those can be pretty heck hot I don't get Well, guess what?
I don't get you either, so step off Next email Don't make me smite you
Actually, I thought of another answer.
Too late.
Next email.
Power pad games.
Dance aerobics.
Hump master.
No, it'd be Custer's Revenge.
Okay.
Greetings, Orange Lounge Radio.
This is a message from Mahaseo Sumiragawa regarding Final Fantasy and the rampant cases of disappearing acts.
Yeah, we... Oh, this is what we covered.
Okay, so six years ago, Square Enix announced Final Fantasy Versus XIII as part of the Fabula Nova Crystallis.
And since then, they put out a few trailers talking about the stories a bit.
And six years later, there's nothing because it came out in Japan.
Okay.
There hasn't even been present at E3, but that's not my point.
Now, last November, Square announced that they were going to release Final Fantasy X again, and needless to say, I squeed my voice hoarse.
After that, nothing, so this brings me to my point.
Is this going to be a trend with Square?
Announce the games that won't come out for years and years, and let's face it, look at what happened to Duke Nukem Forever.
Oh, that game was crap.
one last note to Lokis I'm aware you're smart with modding and computers, correct?
okay, so two questions firstly my boyfriend's computer doesn't have the programs installed onto his computer, is there a way to fix that?
I don't it says sorry for bad grammar but honestly the grammar is so bad that I can hardly make heads or tails of the lines doesn't have the programs installed I guess to mod?
mod?
and install the programs.
Where do you recommend to go buy a new hard drive for a PS3 and what's the largest size you can get?
I don't remember what it's called, Western Digital or something like that.
just look online for hard drives that will fit I think you have to watch out when you get really big hard drive sizes the actual hard drive itself gets thicker and it might not fit in the actual bay that they have so you have to kind of watch what you can fit in there at least I know that's the case with the Xbox when you're modding that
As far as modding, I'm assuming they're asking about modding the PS3 stuff.
Just download the apps.
You may have to check out some of the websites.
There's dashhacks.com or .net or something.
Dashhacks is the website.
They have information about doing hacks on PlayStation 3, PSP, Vita, when there's that stuff available online.
Thank you for watching!
Alright, so next email
I am an air traffic controller, airport hero.
Unlike games with similar names on iOS, such as Flight Control or Pocket Planes, this is a real puzzle game based on the very real intricacies of air traffic control.
Basically, you play the role of the five people in the ATC tower at the same time, telling pilots what routes to take coming into and out of the airport, giving permission to land and take off, giving taxing instructions, and confirming flight plans.
Thanks for watching!
You Jerk You Jerk
oh well you did say wish you were here at the end so I can't be too mean bring me back something Duffy and last email this says hello OLR after a long time I finally got to play Binary Domain I wish some interest I had some interest in it but I somehow never compelled to buy it thinking it would just be another shooter my girlfriend got it for me a couple days ago and I started playing and just could not stop this game is awesome I was told to sing it by the way
And you did.
And I did.
Sure, it's not perfect.
Controls aren't always spot on and the voice recognition isn't very good.
But the deep story, future Tokyo environment, graphics, voice acting, and sound make it a very good game.
You can literally shoot robots to pieces and it isn't that same gritty and brown world you see in countless other games.
This is the very first game that gave me goosebumps while playing the end sequence.
That's saying a lot when I get emotional about a game.
Sega should be deeply ashamed for not promoting this game more.
Binary Domain, Vanquish Bayonetta are all games that deserve better.
When you get the chance, buy this as it is very cheap.
That's all I have to say at this time.
As always, thanks a lot for making an episode of OLR every week.
You guys are amazing.
Yours truly, I'm just going to say first name, Fabrice from Belgium.
Yay, international emails.
Yay.
I want to go to Belgium.
And not for the waffles, Loki.
but you would have to have a waffle while you're there just to see.
No, I would have to have chocolate.
Chocolate and Trapeze Dale.
There you go.
Just saying.
Chimay.
Chimay comes from Belgium and Chimay is fucking amazing.
Alright, it's time for us to get a little bit angsty here with the FUs of the week.
Where's my angst music?
Um, I guess fuck you to concrete.
And the person in the Toyota who didn't use their turn signal at all and then tried to stop in front of me?
No, you're a dickface.
Um, and, uh, buh buh buh buh buh.
I really don't know.
I guess me for changing my schedule to 7 in the morning.
But at least I'm only out 30 minutes of sleep, and I don't have to deal with crap traffic in the morning.
Also, I really want a bagel, but no wheat.
Wheat is bad for me.
Bagels are so good, though.
Alright.
Hush.
Loki.
I guess the only really Effie that I can think of would be the Effie 2.
The person that was in front of me while I was coming into your apartment complex, they decided to park in front of the gate.
Like they drove through the gate and then parked right there.
I'm like...
Are you kidding me?
And he's just sitting there, I honk, he looks at his mirror.
What?
Oh, I guess I'll pull forward a little bit.
It's like, dude, you're in the fucking middle of the goddamn entrance.
It's just like... Selfishly inconsiderate.
What in the hell?
Find a parking space.
People have a sense of entitlement and don't think there's anybody else in the world.
I don't know what's wrong with these people That's it
Luckily the stream is staying up and that's the most important thing.
I just hope Skype will stay up as well.
It was doing the same thing at my house.
But like, I can't do, I'm really upset because somebody had a funny joke earlier when Jim Sally sent the email about what sexy games do you want to see on the sexy island.
Dark Tetsuya in chat said Miss Nude World 96, which was a perfect excuse for me to play the everybody move your body clip.
But thanks to the web errors, I can't get the clip up.
F you to the web for making me lose out on the funny hate.
Two more news stories, then phone calls.
First, Loki.
I'm even turning off everything on my iPhone just to see if it helps.
So there's a few demakes we should talk about.
The first being Borderlands.
Borderlands actually was demade into a 16-bit top-down shooter game for your browser, so you can check it out.
They call it The Borderlands, and you can check it... I love this website.
You can check it at www.wubwub.eu slash demake.php.
Wubwubwubwubwub.
it's just awesome so that's pretty cool and then since we were talking about Atari 2600 earlier somebody has decided to demake the Super Mario Brothers for the Atari 2600 now or at least it's done in the Atari 2600 style and he's got I guess a demo with level warp pipes, yellow blocks and flagpoles and I guess 15 levels up to 4.4 that's what he's hoping to do
and have a Koopa Kid at the end of each world as a boss.
Pretty cool.
And if you want to check that out, IndieGames.com's got the link for that.
Or I guess AtariAge.
I'm surprised it took that long for a Super Mario demake.
Surely this isn't the first.
It's just the most recent one.
Yeah, if you go to the AtariAge forums, there's a bin file for your emulators.
All right, well, if you ever saw the movie The King of Kong, you did not see Hank Chien in that movie, even though he is now the official world record holder of Donkey Kong.
He came after the movie.
Thank God that wasn't one of the titles for the contest, man.
The whole back and forth.
What?
Thank God it wasn't because Hank Chen would have won it again because guess what?
He broke his own record.
So you got to appreciate a guy who will keep challenging himself.
Like there's none of this, you know, Steve Weeby and all this stuff going on here.
He's just, he's challenging himself.
so he beat his previous record of 1,110,100 points the new record 1,127,700 points that's the new score from Hank Chien if you haven't heard that name of course he was the Donkey Kong world record holder before after that whole movie mess and all that stuff I believe what is it by day he's a plastic surgeon isn't he and that's how he can afford all these machines
or a machine you pay him for a new well I noticed in this picture he's posing next to a Donkey Kong machine and there's a moon patrol machine in the background too now I don't know if that's because he's like at an arcade like maybe some type of publicity event because I know fun spot he's got way too much smug on his face I don't necessarily think it's smug some people just take interesting pictures machines aren't that terribly expensive it's only a hundred bucks I mean I mean that for arcade game that's not bad
TheKongOff2 is where they gather the best Donkey Kong players at one location for glorious live competition.
Not that they're saying he's going to be in it, but there's obviously a lot of pressure for him to show up, which would be pretty cool.
SSJ100Matt in our chatroom at chat.orangelandry Live.vognetwork.com says,
Look guys, it was nine years of one particular website.
And Billy Mitchell?
Zero fucks given about him.
Or his damn hot sauce.
I hear the hot sauce isn't bad.
Just saying.
All right, that takes us to the Skype part of the show.
That's the part of the show where we're going to open up the Skype lines at 1-877-GAME-OLR and take your phone calls live on the program.
We will get to the Twitter as well, twitter.com slash OLR in just a moment.
But first, we're going to go to the phones.
And, oh, we already have a call on the line.
Let's go to it.
Hi, you're on Orange Lodge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, guys.
It's Jason.
Hey, Jason.
What's up?
Hi.
So, as you so wonderfully alluded to earlier in the show, I was at the Wii U Consumer Experience here in Denver just yesterday.
Apparently, I think my friend told me they've been in since Thursday, and since he went to E3, he had codes assigned to me and a friend up, and we all got to go out there and see the... I'm assuming they're all going to be launch titles or something that's going to happen within the first couple of months.
and it's just really interesting because I was hearing obviously your cross with Bobby and you guys were really putting the Wii U down it's kind of astounding to me I understand in the fact that it's going to be a lot of the same thing and you have to get a whole new console just to be able to use the tablet even though everything else is going to be the same the controllers, the Wii Fit balance board and all that kind of stuff
But, I don't know.
That's speaking as a gamer myself, somebody who will pay the money to get something like this and not the common people that paid $200 to play Wii Sports forever.
Jason, I'm more worried about the games.
It's not the console itself, but I see a lot of what was happening with the 3DS happening here.
You have a lot of mediocre launch titles, and I don't think any really big standouts.
Here's your chance to change my mind.
What did you get your hands on that you are excited to drop money for a new console for?
They didn't really speak release dates.
And actually, as a matter of fact, when the event was wrapping up, they had this little quick little trivia session.
They were giving out a bunch of silly little prizes.
And one of them was a trick question.
When is the Wii U coming out?
The answer was holidays, but there's otherwise no specific date, barring what Loki said earlier about the 13th.
You know that the correct answer is November 18th.
That would have got him.
Even the people putting on this event wouldn't know that, though.
Yeah.
Yeah, it wasn't NDA, it wasn't sales, it wasn't media.
This is just, you know, bring your friends and let's play some really cool games.
We'll show you some stuff.
And it was really fun.
The boost that they set up, the things that I actually had, I didn't get my hands on everything, but they had setups for Nintendo Land, cycling through some of the mini arcade games.
Game & Wario, Super Mario Bros.
Wii U, Zombie U, Batman Arkham City, Pikmin 3, Just Dance 4, Wii Fit U, Rayman Legends, and then two non-finally named Project P100 and Sing.
and they looked good.
That's all I really have to say about it on the surface is that these games looked spectacular.
Super Mario Brothers exactly as it was on the Wii.
I love that art style.
I love the way it played.
The tablet integration looks fun if you happen to have a second person to play with.
but then Pikmin looked gorgeous and the new effects that they're they're not if they support 3D TV that's news to me but the fact that they were actually throwing things at the camera and what not and actually giving this serious spatial angle to it and not just a bird's eye corner view of it it just looked like it played marvelously well
All right, so it's the Nintendo stuff you love in HD.
But again, did you get your hands on the games?
Did you play any games?
Which ones stood out for you?
I played Super Mario Bros.
Wii U. Super Mario Bros.
Wii U, I played a couple of the games from Nintendo Land, and then I played, as far as I understand, pretty much a whole level of Rayman Legends.
Okay.
As I'm sure a lot of people know, Nintendo Land is mostly a series of minigames that are developed to really take advantage notably of the tablet but also give you a really good multiplayer experience.
The very first thing I did was play Luigi's Ghost Mansion playing the flashlight tag where the ghost is playing on the tablet and is invisible for the large part and then the four players with Wiimotes
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
but I just I can't really find the words for it other than the fact that it feels like it will be a more complete library than any other system launch that I've actually jumped into at the very start of it and then especially things like Zombie U and Batman Arkham City look absolutely stunning like I've played Mad World and yeah that's not supposed to be like the realistic graphics or anything but Arkham City and Zombie U looked absolutely fantastic this wasn't the...
Out of curiosity, have you played Arkham City on 360 or PlayStation 3?
Unfortunately, no.
See, and that's where I have to admit, not that I question your opinion, but I go, well, it looks beautiful on the other systems too, and it's been out for a year.
And it's not just about the graphics, but the fact that this is something that's going to be available at some point within the general launch window means that this is a big tier title that's going to be on Nintendo's system.
That a lot of people already own.
Because it came out last year.
Also true.
I absolutely will not deny that.
And like I was saying at the start of the call, I think a lot of people are going to paint a very negative picture of the Wii U after it comes out because it's not going to have the runaway success that the first Wii did because all of the casuals, all of the people that otherwise have never owned a gaming system won't see the reason to buy this
and so it won't sell it won't take off so ridiculously like the original Wii did but that's not a bad thing because this is Nintendo in my absolute opinion this is Nintendo making things better for gamers at large um
Project P100 is a very Pikmin-esque action game, which is great because there's finally a second game with that low army control mechanism, and it's set in a much more technological scene that a lot of people would prefer, I'm sure.
I have to admit, Jason, despite your enthusiasm, I'm not sure I'm completely sold.
It comes down to the games issue, and it's really about what... To be fair, to Nintendo's credit, it's kind of the same mistake as the Vita, too.
The Vita did come with a few kick-ass launch games, and there was certainly a lot to look forward to, but I don't know.
What's been delivered on hasn't exactly matched the hype, and this is all about the games department.
and it's kind of what I worry about with the Wii U as well because we haven't seen a lot past the launch window and you know there's not a lot to just really really get excited about because I played a lot of these Mass Effect 3 Arkham City on 360 and I'm not really interested in playing them again with tablet controls because it doesn't sound like it's going to change that much so I have to look to things like Nintendo Land and Pikmin 3 and New Super Mario Brothers Wii U and all this to pique my interest and it's just I'm not
I'm not as excited as, say, the hype behind the original Wii and how we felt about that Zelda game was a phenomenal launch.
I mean, has there ever been a better launch game for a console since the original Super Mario Bros.?
Certainly not one I've actually been there for.
Than Zelda for the Wii?
I mean, I guess I was just hoping for something of that magnitude and Nintendo Land ain't it.
The thing that really sets this apart, one of the feelings that I did come away with is that true to Nintendo's spirit, this stuff works.
A lot of the things that they were showcasing make it really compelling for local multiplayer.
Knock Nintendo's online services all you want, I'd completely agree with it, but having that second player, or in some cases that fifth player, to be able to take over controls with the tablet
and DarkSakura.
The Wiimote, or actually in this case it was the Pro Controller, whatever they're going to call it for the Wii U. The standard controller user is controlling Rayman, throwing shots, jumping, all that kind of thing, jumping on obstacles, attacking.
Where the tablet...
is manipulating the environment.
It's moving platforms around.
They had the whole rotation demonstration where you're walking, your Rayman's running through a maze and the person holding the tablet has to orient the level by turning the entire device in order to allow them to jump to the next ring, land on solid grounds, land not on spikes.
and the biggest thing that they showed off, as I said, was that with a second person, these games just got ridiculously more interesting.
Zombie U had this Capture the Flag... Not Capture the Flag.
the game mode where you have like three or five waypoints that you have to capture and defend and that kind of stuff and the player with the standard controller owned the TV and would attack zombies and was pretty much the one man army and then the person holding the tablet had like a real time strategy kind of interface where he could take hordes of zombies and send them to the particular waypoints and actually drill into this real time strategy that's
DarkSakura,
To Nintendo's credit, that could be an ace in the hole on September 13th.
We still don't know what Nintendo Network really is, despite the fact it's being branded on Nintendo cartridges.
That could be coming, and I'd be okay with that if there's a huge unveil on September 13th.
So I would wait on the online piece to be too critical about that until we have that event.
But if we still don't hear about it at that event, then it ain't coming with the release of the Wii U, and now we should be concerned.
Calls going a little long and that's okay Jason because we love you but I want to ask you one more question shaped off a chat comment we got here at live.vognetwork.com and ShadowNextGen in chat who's agreed with you in many ways and I saw it throughout Bobby's show tonight he kind of didn't he thought you know that what I was saying was kind of wrong and he's more supportive of the Wii U he sounds a lot like you and what you're saying
And he says, what this says to me is more people need to get actual hands-on time with the Wii U. So let me ask you this, Jason.
You've had hands-on time with the Wii U. I haven't.
Loki hasn't.
DarkSakura hasn't.
And you are clearly in love with this thing more so than us skeptics here.
What do you think you gain that we're missing having had hands-on time with the system?
See, and that's a really funny question I'll try to summarize in the fact that me and Ryan don't play a lot of the same games, and I'm hoping she's going to be interested in the aspects that are opened up with the simultaneous multiplayer of standard controllers and the tablets.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
that is killer and this is a fully fledged game that's not confined to a phone that has a limited amount of controls and you can do all sorts of media while giving the TV back to somebody else but for these Wii U optimized games where you have your hands on the tablet this is engaging somebody else at the same time usually in a completely distinct way you know what that also means?
That means both people get to play the game in two in times completely different methods
For all the replayability complaints that we complain about in modern gaming, this is two different ways to play the same game.
That's ridiculously cool to me.
I was sold on this system before I went to this event.
I had my hands on it.
I am 100% sold on this system now.
I will absolutely say that.
I am so with you up to a point, Jason.
I really do want to love this system.
I'll probably get one anyway.
Who are we kidding?
I mean, I've said that since day one.
It's your obligation for the show, right?
I'm skeptical as all hell, but I'll still fucking buy one because I'm a consumer whore.
God damn it, I lost my train of thought.
Where you don't is where you don't agree.
I found it.
No, here it is.
Here it is.
Where are the games that substantiate what you're saying?
I know you brought this up before.
Do you remember my list of games at the very start of the call?
Yes.
Do you know what the launch dates?
What games will be launched in the holiday window?
Pretty much everything that you named is in the holiday window.
And that's not enough to start a system?
um yes I when you when half your list is stuff that's already been out with a new method that again now we go back to the phone the iOS conversation about games that weren't developed for that system don't know I mean yeah okay so I'll have this tablet interaction but these games weren't designed with the tablet thing in mind they're kind of trying to shoehorn that stuff in there which is fine whatever show off the system but I'm not that I am not excited about Arkham City with the pad I'm not a
I am not excited about Mass Effect 3 with the touchpad.
Sorry, I'm not.
So, you know, that's half the games right off the table.
Now, my interest is piqued.
My eyebrow is raised a little bit at things like Zombie U, Pikmin 3.
I kind of consider New Super Mario Bros.
Wii at this point.
It's half rehash, half a successful formula just being done again.
But a couple games, no, it's really not enough.
Look at the 3DS.
Look at the 3DS.
I think they're making the exact same mistake.
I really do.
Look at the Vita launch.
I mean, they had a ton of games that a lot of them were original, and that still didn't help the system.
Yeah, and SSJ100Matt, thank you.
You fill in the gap here really well.
I want to know what's coming out after these launch window games.
What is Nintendo going to do to warrant this investment?
Because that's what console games are, investments.
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
Final thought?
Yes.
You are going to love Sing.
Provided the song list pans out and it's not more frickin' LMFAO.
Provided the song list comes up with some really good gems, you are going to adore Sing.
I can pretty much promise you that.
Will it be all ABBA songs?
Because otherwise Sing Star ABBA still has my heart.
The only songs they had were Shoop Shoop, Party Rock Anthem, and Call Me Maybe.
And they haven't really let on what else is going to be there.
Oh, God.
That's like my personal hell.
All right.
Those, sure.
Like I said, provided the song list is actually worth it.
And I have to hope it will.
Sing is going to be spectacular for parties.
Jason, I got to let you go.
Some of the chatters think you're a Nintendo salesperson in disguise.
I got to let you go.
All right.
Thanks, guys.
Have a good week.
You too, buddy.
Take care.
All right.
VXJ's next video.
We let his call go on a little long, but that's all right.
I mean, he was there.
He got hands on.
We're skeptics.
Whatevs.
Let's do like one more call.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
While we wait for those calls to come in, let me quickly see if I can do a Twitter topic here.
Tiger Claw, oh, links us on Twitter.
This is one that I read in the news that I forgot to mention on the show tonight, but it's important.
Uncharted film has burned through yet another director.
Epic Beatdown Otaku Style What?
Yes.
Okay, is it something you actually braved to try, or...?
Yes, it's an anime equivalent of Double Dragon meets Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, the game.
Wow.
And you can check out their plans on studionasu.com, which I am posting in the chatroom right now.
Pretty much, from what I understand, you're at Otakon, and you're just pretty much beating up on the fanboys, more or less.
And as somebody who goes to anime conventions quite frequently and all this stuff, how do you feel?
Hey, I'm all for it.
You talk to somebody at any given time who has a weapon on them trying to help somebody.
You gotta be able to laugh at yourself first.
I'll put in the weapons as a can of deodorant.
Well, one con actually put soap in their bags and people got pissed at that so they decided not to do it again, but that's besides the point.
Alright, did you just call to whore this con-going game, or what else is going on in your life, Ranma?
Yeah, that's more or less it.
Well, you know, we've already discussed New Super Mario Bros.
2, so my two cents on that doesn't really count.
Well, what is your... No, of course, every gamer has a voice.
Every gamer has a voice.
Use that voice.
You are Black Luigi, after all.
I want to know what Black Luigi thinks about Mario 2.
It's important, dammit.
I'm a Luigi, number one gaming star.
So what do you think about New Super Mario Bros.
2 on the 3DS?
It lacks.
Ooh, sick burn.
Why is that?
I don't know.
You know how you play a game and you just look at it like it's just lacking, and you can't put your finger on what it is, but it's just lacking something?
I mean, I like the fact they brought back the raccoon tail, so I'm thinking, oh yeah, Super Mario Bros.
3.
Ranma, is it originality?
I don't know.
It only has 85% of the feels.
I don't know if you listened to last week's show, Ranma, early on or whatever when I was talking about the game.
I caught the podcast because I was out last week.
Here was my whole thoughts on the game.
It's pretty much a formulaic Mario game.
But is that really such a bad thing?
No, not at all.
But this is what I think would have made the game better.
Now, you remember in Super Mario 3, you could travel all over the map area to go to different levels.
I understand you could do that in the new SMB2, but it's only part of the screen that it takes up.
It would have been nicer if it was the full screen that allows you to travel from the different levels.
I understand they brought back some of the music from SMB3.
They could have brought back something like the classic matching card games or matching up the Mushroom and the Fireflower for one-ups and stuff like that.
I liked the little giant glove that punched the one-ups.
That was kind of cute, actually.
Yeah, bring back Karibo's shoe.
Maybe it was me.
I was thinking it would be more like Super Mario Bros.
3, but better.
Well, I don't know.
I mean, I didn't dislike it by any means.
And when I write my VOG review, it'll probably be on the positive end of things.
But it's just, you know, I don't know.
There's just something I'm not as like, oh, my God, Irma Gerd about it as like previous Mario games.
Hey, Ranma, do you have a like a was an R4 or anything like that for your DS?
Yes.
Yes, and when you first mentioned a long time ago the new Super Mario Bros.
3 ROM hack, I went and downloaded it like 10 minutes after the podcast.
That game is hard as fuck.
That's what I'm saying though, but I mean, it's pretty awesome that they did all these original levels plus the levels from Super Mario Bros.
3 and that took some effort versus rehashing the same old shit again.
Yeah, I mean...
As I'm controlling the game, I'm not too fond of how they changed how you control Mario, but eh.
All right.
Ranma, I've got to wrap up and let you go.
Any final thoughts?
Actually, no.
All right.
Take care, buddy.
Later.
Bye.
I guess we can do one more call.
I've seen this one calling in.
We'll do one more call.
Here we go.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
This is Cody.
Cody!
What's up, Cody?
What's up?
I'm actually a first-time caller, long-time listener.
Alright, long-time listener, first-time caller.
I was going to say, I don't recognize this Skype picture.
I'm a very visual person.
But I like bow ties.
Bow ties are cool.
It's a very, very nice bow tie.
That looks like, did you tie that bow tie yourself on your picture?
That is actually, that is a Doctor Who brand bow tie.
Oh, see?
Very nice.
Do you also wear a fez?
You will fit in well here at the Voice of Geeks Network.
I do own one.
All right.
What's up, Cody?
I wanted to call, actually, first off, the whole Wii U thing, I'm kind of the same.
I'm on the fence about it as well.
About the only thing I use my Wii for right now is Netflix and Skyward Sword.
So, I mean...
and I really I've seen a lot of stuff going on with it different networks talking about it and you know everybody's just has kind of the same same take on it you know they just they need to play it they need to play it and not a lot of people get to play it and I think that's what somebody said in the chat is that not a lot of people
Get to play it, and they haven't had hands-on, so they don't know how it's going to work.
Well, yeah, Shadow Next Gen and VXChaseXV both are in chat now kind of talking it up because they both are like, you guys need to play it.
You guys need to do the hands-on experience.
And I'm sure as the announcements are made, as we get closer to launch day, we're going to start seeing those displays at Best Buys, Game Stops, yada, yada, so everybody can get their hands-on time.
But I don't know.
I still...
I'm highly skeptical.
That's not a bad thing.
It's not a bad thing.
I don't hate the Wii U. It's not a bad thing to question, especially after the 3DS launch.
I don't think it's a bad thing to be concerned.
I don't want the Wii U. Not at all.
Not at all.
I was excited about it, especially like you said, Zombie U. When I saw that, I was like, whoa, man, that looks like an amazing game.
I'm scared that it's going to be kind of like the Vita.
I believe Loki said something about...
The Vita had this huge launch of original games and everything, and it still didn't help it.
And I kind of think that that's the way that the Wii U is going to turn out.
But you know what?
We haven't seen it yet, and that's the thing.
We just have to wait.
And once we see it...
Then we'll know.
So, you know, I'm just waiting.
All right.
Did you say you have something else you want to talk about tonight?
Because you said that you got derailed by the way you talk, but was there something else on your mind?
I just wanted to throw that in there.
No, I wanted to say, I actually, I'm an Oklahoman.
I think you have a couple of Oklahoman callers, or listeners, actually.
And I was going to say that, I don't know if you guys heard about the Gearbox Community Day.
Yeah, I have heard about that.
I did hear about that, yeah.
I'm trying to go.
I want to go, and I actually want to videotape as much as I can, if they'll allow it.
But I'm a big Borderlands whore.
I play that game constantly, and I think it's because I love RPGs, and I love FPSs, but I suck at FPSs, and I'm good at RPGs.
So it kind of mixes the two together, and I think that's why I like it so much.
But yeah.
I don't know if you guys heard about that.
It looks like a really fun thing to go to.
I've never been to any kind of conventions or anything like that.
I'm pretty excited about that.
Where are they having this?
It's in Texas.
Texas, Dallas.
It's not just Borderlands 2.
It's also Aliens vs. Predators.
Was it Aliens vs. Predators?
I'm sorry, Aliens Colonial Marines.
Yeah, Colonial Marines.
That's right.
and then one more thing, I do know that Alan plays a lot, he's a big fan of Half-Life and I don't know if he's played this mod before and I really don't know how long this mod's been out but it's a Gary's mod and it's called Trouble in Terrorist Town
That doesn't sound familiar to me, but he's listening.
He's unfortunately not here in the house.
He's at work tonight, so I can't ask him in person, but he's listening, so he might pop up and chat or whatever, but it doesn't sound familiar to me.
If he hasn't played it, he needs to, because it is the... Oh my gosh, it's so fun.
It's the most fun of Gary's mod that I've ever had, just with the funny things that happen in the mod, with all the randoms that get thrown in.
If you don't have a
I'm going to grill you like I did the Wii U lovers.
Why?
Why is it so damn amazing?
I'm not really into a whole lot of multiplayer.
When it comes to FPSs and stuff like that, I don't really like that a lot.
I don't know, it might be because I'm really bad at them.
But this game, I don't know, it's really fun.
And it has a lot to do with, you have to figure out who's the traitor in your group.
There's a detective, a traitor, and then I think there's one more.
I can't even think of...
is that like the wolf game or the mafia game you know those those games that are popular on web forums and conventions and all that that's what kind of what it sounds like to me yeah i mean it's sort of like that sort of yeah but um but i mean it's really fun see if he wants to check it out i mean it's it's i think it's a i'm pretty sure it's a free mod obviously uh but uh uh but uh yeah check it out i mean i i've
Go on YouTube, look up all these different gameplays of it.
It's just so hilarious.
All right, I'll make them check it out.
Sounds great.
All right, well, Cody, thanks so much for calling in to the show tonight.
I appreciate it.
And yeah, call in anytime.
No problem, and you know, I was actually, I had a tweet last week telling you guys about a Borderlands 2 giveaway, and I don't know if I remember.
Oh, that was you!
It is me!
Yeah, it was you!
Okay.
I was an idiot and didn't link the freaking YouTube video.
Alright, plug away.
I actually have a small gaming channel on YouTube.
It's not huge.
I don't get paid for it or anything like that.
I just enjoy gaming and showing people my games.
It's what we're doing here.
It's the exact same thing we do here, except we're audio.
And my channel is just funny commentary.
But yeah, I'm giving away a copy of Borderlands 2.
I mean, it's any platform out there that's going to be out.
PC, PS3, 360, Steam, any of that.
But yeah, it's...
Actually, my YouTube channel is linked in my Skype.
But I can say it on here.
Yeah, you better say it because it'll take me too long to bring it up.
So go ahead.
Spell it or whatever.
It's www.youtube.com backslash ctaylor1785
SeeTaylor1785 SeeTaylor1785 You know, I gotta be honest, buddy.
You wanna get some more hits on your YouTube channel, you're gonna have to come up with something really catchy.
1785's hard to remember, so... Well, it was kind of funny, because I came up with the YouTube channel a long time ago, but never did anything.
And so now I can't change it.
And now my channel's called Codeman Games.
Okay, that's good.
That's good.
How about, like, Tailored Games or something silly?
I don't know.
Yeah.
But the video, if anybody's wanted, the video is called, I believe it's called That Robot Has a Temper.
I actually have a cell phone call with Claptrap and he's like cussing and all this different stuff.
So it's pretty fun.
And yeah, but just tell me, you know, if they want a free copy, you know, just send them on over.
All right.
Poor people who love Borderlands.
I'm poor.
I got a four month old.
You're not that poor if you're giving away a copy of Borderlands 2.
No, I think that's great.
I fully support the indie press in all forms, so go check that out everybody.
Alright, good luck with your YouTubes and we'll talk to you in a later week, okay?
Thank you, Rob.
I appreciate it.
No problem.
Take care, buddy.
You too.
Bye.
All right.
Platinum for me.
All right.
For the bow tie.
For the bow tie.
Yeah, that's true.
The bow tie was pretty awesome.
All right.
That's going to do it for the Skype calls tonight.
If you didn't get through, don't be mad.
Send tweets.
You know, Tiger Claw is like the only one that's been sending tweets this week.
So you can either send tweets or you can send us an email.
Mailbag at orange lounge radio dot com.
Speaking of Tiger Claw's tweets, I did want to get through these real quick.
Uncharted and the director changeover.
David O. Russell had been on there.
He had made the movie I Heart Huckabees.
Well, he's not there anymore.
Neil Berger left the project.
Who is on the project now?
The writers of National Treasure, Marianne and Cormac Wiberly.
God, I hate Nicolas Cage.
It's like I have no frame of reference because I refuse to see those movies.
You know what?
The only good thing he did was Raising Arizona.
They seem topical enough.
I don't know.
I guess I could see a movie like that leading to Uncharted.
But all right.
So there you go.
Let's see.
Oh, Neil Berger directed Limitless and he left and then he had replaced somebody else.
So who's directing it now?
Out of all the bad news we've had tonight...
I like a little bit of good news.
So thank you, Tigerclaw, for sending this.
And I think this is a good note to end on tonight, although Loki may have last-minute stories.
Actually, no, I want to end on this.
Loki, do you have any last-minute stories before I get to this?
Eh, some MMOs stole a map from Counter-Strike.
That's all we need to know.
Big deal.
Alright.
Here you go.
A nice thing to end on.
Thank you, Tigerclaw.
Microsoft is throwing an industry mixer for the folks from OnLive who are affected by the restructuring.
They are scouting for Xbox-oriented positions for Mountain View, California and Redmond, Washington.
A quote from Microsoft on the public invitation.
We are eager to speak to individuals and teams affected by the on-live transition.
We are looking to add key players who want to make a real impact in creating groundbreaking new products and services.
I got to say, what a great way to answer Sony getting Gaikai.
Just hire the old on-live employees for your company.
Sounds good.
Amazing.
Amazing.
Oh, DarkTest Studio sent in a late tweet here.
I finished updating the wiki with recently found episodes.
So Dark Tetsuya doing a wiki update.
Thank you, Dark Tetsuya.
Thank you, fans, for updating that wiki.
You guys are amazing.
OrangeLoungeRadio.wikia.com You guys make sure that I don't repeat games.
You use it as a source.
I use it all the time.
It impacts what we do here on the show.
DarkSakura, start us off tonight.
I don't want to go to bed.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
I don't know.
I want to wear this shirt to work.
I'm going to.
All right, you should.
My final thought is, because I neglected to say it at the start of Part B as I planned to, I do want to say rest in peace to Neil Armstrong.
But what an amazing life to have actually gone to the moon.
I mean, that's something we all dream about as kids.
And, like, he actually did it.
So, yes, it's unfortunate that he passed.
But let's not focus on the fact he died.
Let's focus on the fact that, like...
Like, he did something that all of us dream about, and I think that's just amazing.
So, a tip of the hat to Neil Armstrong.
That's gonna do it for... Well, that doesn't directly actually go with video games, too.
How so?
Do you mean that?
Because Buzz Aldrin was the voice of the guy in the end of Mass Effect 3.
Sure, sure.
You know, they were all kind of... That's a tie.
I'm just trying to say.
But yeah, that was pretty... And Phyllis Diller.
Yeah, rest in peace, Phyllis Diller.
She was so awesome.
We've lost a lot of great people over the past couple weeks.
And the guy who was the Count.
Mm-hmm.
and Cry.
Tragic, tragic.
And the lady who was the astronaut.
Sally Ride.
That was a few weeks ago.
We did mention that on the show.
It may have been a week you weren't here.
A bunch of people.
It's very unfortunate.
Look at accomplishments.
Look ahead.
Look ahead to two weeks.
We'll be back with an all-new episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Have a wonderful Labor Day weekend, you guys.
Be safe.
Enjoy catching up on video games.
Thank you for supporting Independent Radio.
If you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, remember we don't have multi-million dollar magazine contracts and so forth.
We don't have a gigantic website backing us.
It's all community-based.
It's all about you guys.
If you like what you hear, tell a friend or two about the show.
help out by leaving a nice review on iTunes share the show on Stitcher Radio and help promote us over there and wherever podcasts can be heard we'll be back in a couple weeks to do it all again have a wonderful break we'll see you next time on Orange Lounge Radio goodnight
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
