Tonight, August 12, 2012, Amazon starts a new game studio, Valve is set to use Steam for non-gaming applications, and has an R-rated version of a Super Nintendo game been discovered?
Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice.
It is Orange Lounge Radio for this August the 12th of 2012 and the 400 and, wait for it, 69th episode of our show.
That doesn't imply anything by the way.
No, not at all.
Rob Roberts, DarkSakura, Jamie Summers
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Well, I was just like 69 teehee.
Yeah, I know.
When you say like 69 and start talking about girls, it is a little bit of a creeper zone, so we probably shouldn't go there.
It's just a little creepy.
I like pie.
Pie is good.
Pie is great.
So is coffee.
Also over there, say hello to Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
How you doing, Loki?
I'm doing fine.
So what do you say?
For old time's sake, let's get Karaoke Revolution out.
No.
No one plays that anymore.
Okay, well I have SingStar.
No one plays any karaoke games anymore.
SingStar ABBA?
No, I'm sorry.
That's not acceptable.
Oh my gosh, SingStar ABBA.
We totally need to do SingStar ABBA.
I think we should do some live on-air SingStar ABBA tonight.
But I won't sing.
Would you like to maybe do a duet on SingStar ABBA later?
Maybe.
Maybe just for the listeners for the occasion?
Maybe.
I don't want to talk.
Come on, you want to do it?
All right.
Say hello as well, we have some special guests in studio tonight Please welcome back to the show, I'm always very happy to see him here in studio And part of that is because he has a very sexy radio voice Say hello to Jason And I'm always glad to be back in California Welcome back, even in the triple degree heat?
It's no 68 foggy San Francisco Bay, but I still make the trip It's 69 foggy Sacramento Bay, excuse you I'm gonna milk those jokes for all they're worth tonight
Loki just gave me a look.
God, I wish it was a... I mean, I don't wish it was a TV show, but I do sometimes.
I wish Loki had a camera.
That's the only one that needs to be on cam is Loki.
Let's be real.
That's the only one that people want to see.
Stealth webcam, considering the ones persistently pointed at his face.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I love that.
And they do it all the time when I was watching Morning Musume.
Alright, we have another guest here in studio tonight, and I'm so happy to introduce this person to the show, because I know it's somebody who's been a long-time listener of OLR, and she has finally made it to the studio after a 469-week pilgrimage.
What can I say?
She walked.
No, I'm kidding.
But we're so happy to welcome... What am I calling you tonight?
You better introduce yourself, because I don't want to call you the wrong thing tonight.
Well, I always went by Rai Chen, and that's what I am on the chat, so...
Hello Rai Chan, welcome to the show I just call you Rai for short because I don't know I heard Jason calling her that once I was like I like that, Rai works for me So Rai Chan, how are you?
It's good to finally be on vacation, it's good to finally be out here Awesome, so how long have you been listening to Orange Launch Radio?
It's been a while, right?
Yeah, I started about the time when Jason and I actually met, so it's been about eight years or so.
So you used to play, back in the day, you used to play DDR and all that stuff?
Yeah, that's how actually Jason and I met, so...
Aww, okay, I want to hear the story.
How did Jason and Rai meet over DDR?
The particular points that were interesting were obviously her living in Colorado, myself living in New Mexico, I being a mod for the Southwest board on DDR Freak.
It all started because I told her she was breaking the rules.
That was my first reason to explicitly... Did you give her a point?
No, never...
Good choice of words.
Back to the story.
I didn't say, did you give her a prick?
I said, did you give her a point?
The DDR Freak rules were outside of the imaging forum that pictures couldn't be more than 300 by 300, and I used it as an excuse to private message her and say, well, the rules say this, so could you please do that?
Well, and how dare you post an image over 300 kilobytes on a forum?
Shame on me.
So we all kind of started, her and myself and a bunch of other people started getting on AIM chat rooms just talking for all hours of the night, whatever, random things.
We were actually talking about this.
We were over at Iguana Girls House, a new place, earlier this morning.
And I actually mentioned that both Rye and myself were on LiveJournal.
And I saw her commenting on a post of Iguana Girls.
And...
I found out that she was on LiveJournal as a result so I started checking out her posts and commenting on them.
Oh my god, we're talking about DDR freaking LiveJournal.
Tonight's show is like 10 years in the past.
This episode of OLR was brought to you by... I'm in a time warp tonight.
We're outdoing the take-delay for NBC.
It's the OLR time capsule.
We are bringing you live coverage tonight of the Sydney 2000 Olympics, everybody.
We actually recorded this show 10 years ago but no one even knows.
We're just playing it back.
Okay, so Rai, obviously, I mean, we go back to the DDR days, but I know you're a gamer girl.
What types of video games are you into, or computer games, or what have you?
Mostly RPGs, puzzle games.
Diablo.
Diablo.
Lots and lots of Diablo.
Lots of Diablo.
I've got two level 60s, and I'm working on a third.
Addict.
I am on.
I play a lot of World of Warcraft.
I play a lot of World of Warcraft.
A lot of World of Warcraft.
And every time I sign on, there's always at least one person on my real ID.
Can anyone guess who is always on real ID?
Signed in playing Diablo 3?
That would be me.
Okay, so Diablo 3 has taken a lot of shit out there, but obviously you don't care because you're playing it.
So why are haters hating on Diablo 3 and why can they go just hate in the corner?
You know, with me, I started with Diablo 2 when I was in high school.
It's one of those things that I have always really, really liked.
So I waited for it to come out.
People hate.
People always hate.
Let them hate.
I don't care.
Haters to the left.
Okay, we're just going to play a little bit of word association.
I'm going to say a phrase.
You tell me what comes to mind.
All right, you ready?
Real money auction house.
Don't do it.
I've sold a couple things on there, but otherwise I don't really participate in it.
PvP patch.
Not something that I care about.
You know, you want to go through and kill other players, go for it.
Activision.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Hey, we do tape live at the Voice of Geeks Network.
Vognetwork.com is where you can join us.
And in the chat, live.vognetwork.com is where you can participate, check in, get loot and VOG points and all that stuff.
And have your chat comments possibly read here on the show.
And some folks here in the chat room.
Let's see.
Black Wolf is reminding us that tonight's show has been taped delayed 10 years.
Yes.
Frisbee says, live from Salt Lake City.
Close.
Jason might have gone through there on the trip here, right?
Provo and... No, I-70 goes through both.
The rail takes a destination that goes through Provo and has a stop in Salt Lake City.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
After, and I really do blame VGHS for this, after VGHS, after I kickstarted that or pledged to that Kickstarter, I started getting into the habit of browsing Kickstarter for things.
And one of the things that I saw on there was a custom card deck for, there's a bunch of companies doing custom cards and stuff like that.
So one of the decks that was on there was The Grid.
It's like...
Tron-themed cards, but not quite, because they can't do it without the licensing.
But it's Tron-esque cards, that very neon black.
They're pretty cool looking.
So it was a limited run.
I think they only did about 1,000 of them.
And so I pledged to get a bunch of, well, a few of the decks.
So I kept one.
I gave one to my friend.
I gave one to you guys.
And yeah, so...
It was cool.
Yeah, I gotta say, I don't even want to open them.
I'm like, I do need a deck of cards for card games, but I don't want to open them because they're so awesome.
It's like, you know, it's like not wanting to open toys.
Just use them and whatever.
I can show you a picture of what all the cards look like.
I mean, if that'll help.
Okay, that'll work.
Now, despite all the fact that we give Kickstarter a lot of crap here on the show, you know, a lot of that's been me, although Jamie's had her fair share in giving Kickstarter crap.
And it's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Thanks for watching!
to donating one of the Kickstarters, and I still might.
And that would be my first Kickstarter ever.
And that's the GamerCon one.
I'm seriously considering supporting.
Well, they've already hit their funding.
I was just on Kickstarter about a few seconds ago.
And I saw that they had hit their funding, I think, for that.
But that's still cool.
I mean, they can always use more funding.
I'm kind of obligated to go to GamerCon, you know?
It's in San Francisco.
It's right up the street, and, you know, so...
Yeah, but you could also go to YowieCon, which is also in San Francisco.
I could.
YowieCon is fun.
But GamerCon is about video games.
YowieCon is about... YowieCon has electronic tools.
No, it has the electric... 469, folks.
This guy was selling these glass tubes that attach to an electric current.
And it shoots electricity across your skin.
And I had him turn it up all the way because I have nerve damage in my hands.
So I didn't feel it.
And he's like, are you alive?
Yes, I want one of these.
It kind of tickles.
Alright, so Loki, Kickstarter.
You've kind of become a little bit like... You kickstart a lot of stuff.
You have a lot of feet.
A few things.
I mean, I just... I don't know.
I like independent projects sometimes, and I like stuff.
I like getting things in the mail.
I don't know.
So I... That's not... That's not why I do it, but like...
I don't know why that's so funny, but because it's episode 469, I like getting things in the mail.
My mind goes to porn, dildos, lube.
I have never gotten porn, dildos, or lube in the mail.
Yet.
Yeah, I guess that does open up opportunities.
And I didn't even order it.
Mental note, get return present for Loki.
One of these days, the UPS delivery man is going to be like, somebody just ordered you a 10-gallon bottle of lube.
Thanks.
No, there's actually a website called AlienDildos.com.
You're going to have to get one of the pumping mechanisms.
And I found it through a Mass Effect forum.
All right, anyways.
So I back a few projects every now and then.
And actually, I've done a few recently.
But yeah, the second project I backed was those cards.
Because they were pretty cool looking.
I was like, oh, sweet, Tron cards.
Well, this will be a great gift.
That's exactly what I thought.
I'm like, this will be a great gift.
So I'm going to do that.
And so that's what I did.
And I opened my cards, and yeah, they're pretty awesome.
I don't play a lot of card games, but when I do, I'm going to use those because they're pretty awesome.
There's one... I mean, a perfect example of... Suddenly, Loki just became a gif.
Did you hear that?
I don't play a lot of card games.
But when I do... No, but...
You heard it too, right?
But when I do, I play them on the grid.
No, but seriously, there's been some pretty cool projects on there.
For example, Cards Against Humanity was one.
I wish I had gotten in on because that would have been awesome.
But they have that.
I backed Ouya recently, which we'll see what happens with that.
But I'm pretty faithful that it'll come through.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, Loki, VOG Network, DJ Ranma S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
It's the funniest website I've ever seen in my life.
This is a, what is that, Rule 37?
What do they call that?
This is a Rule 37.
If it exists, there's porn on it.
It's a website that I actually found through a Mass Effect Tumblr.
Of course.
Well, I have to say that this episode of TTP has only been 26 minutes.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute.
First off, tell us what the website is because I want to come back to this whole discovery of the website in a minute.
What is the website?
I posted it in chat already.
Could you share for the podcast listeners?
AlienDildos.com I don't know if we should be going down this path.
There's already an explicit tag.
There's no stopping this train.
Tell me in what part of Mass Effect fandom...
WouldWeRequireAnAlienDildos.com You're taking this FemShep Garrus thing a little too far when you want a model of his wiener as a butt plug.
No, I do not want.
Turian Butt Plug is taking this obsession one step too far.
There's an FAQ for a comic that someone was doing.
And someone said, what do you think Turian cock looks like?
And she linked to the site.
and the artists linked to the site.
Who cares?
Rule 37 and the internet cares.
If there's a fandom, there's a penis in it.
That's a true quote if I've ever heard one.
Thanks for watching!
Speaking of Kickstarter, there is a Kickstarter that's being done by one of our listeners, or he is a part of this company.
And it's for a game called Evilot.
And Evilot is kind of a defense game.
And they've got a pretty low goal to hit.
But, of course, they...
You need all the help that they can get.
So, you know, if you guys can go maybe back them.
I mean, if it looks good to me for 15 bucks, you get the game on every single platform that they're releasing it on.
I mean, that's kind of.
Did they pay for that commercial?
I'm just kidding.
I will support.
I'm just saying, again, Foodie Monster, you know, he's doing animation on.
What happened?
He hasn't listened in a while.
Whatever happened to him?
FootyMonster, where are you?
Apparently he was working on the game.
Busy making games.
Well, FootyMonster, I want a Skype call in the coming weeks if you're going to get your Kickstarter wares out there.
Yeah, so Evilot.
They're about $3,500 of the $10,000 goal.
That's not bad.
And still three weeks to go.
Still be relevant for that call within the next couple of episodes.
That's really good.
Good job.
But yeah, I backed them.
So, I mean, because also they're going to make a game for the Ouya.
So, you know, hey, I need some games to play on that console that may or may not disappear into the mist like the Phantom.
Like the Phantom.
Oh, a link.
Yes.
Give a link in chat.
There you go.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
No!
Ew!
Everyone knows orcs don't bathe.
My bad.
Alright, Loki, how about your gaming week?
I actually played some different things.
Pretty much also the same stuff.
I played a lot more Minecraft.
Finally got to do some more co-op stuff with my co-worker.
It's still getting a little boring.
I actually just purchased it on PC, which I'm looking forward to playing around the mods and stuff because my PC probably can handle that.
Also, I played a bit of Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3.
Still fun.
I'm looking forward to Black Ops 2.
And then the new thing I actually played this week was Sleeping Dogs, which is a pretty awesome game.
For those who are not aware, it's what True Crime Hong Kong was.
It was going to be True Crime Hong Kong before the IP got sold off.
and so now it's this brand new kind of open world action game with a lot of you know kung fu and a lot of homages to you know classic kung fu films and crime dramas and all that it has a really kind of feeling of like a Hong Kong action film which is pretty sweet
The combat in it is pretty good, but because it's a little bit more sophisticated than Grand Theft Auto, where that combat's just there as a side note because it's mostly guns, guns, guns, guns, guns.
This, though, because it does have all that Hong Kong influence, it's a lot of kung fu in there, and so you're having to fight...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Outro Outro
Thanks for watching!
It was... Saints Row 2 was a great game.
It was, you know, over the top.
They, like, had made it a little bit more over the top than, you know, the first one.
And they expanded the features and stuff like that.
Saints Row 3 looked like they were going to do even more with that.
But then they just went fucking crazy with it.
And it makes no goddamn sense whatsoever.
It's like if you were... Imagine, if you will...
We started off with the Christopher Nolan Batmans, okay?
And then all of a sudden, the last movie is a fucking Joel Schumacher Batman.
That's how the fucking series has gone with Saints Row.
It's just like, okay, that's kind of cool.
Okay, that's even cooler.
What the fuck happened?
I mean, it's just like, why are these things happening?
Why is there a Sky Fortress flying around?
It's really weird.
You have to admit, Saints Row the Third is really funny.
It's a fun game, but they whored out the DLC.
All the DLC sucked.
It's the DLC.
The game was Batman Returns where it's like, okay, it's a little different, a little zany.
Jim Carrey's in it.
He's funny, right?
And then the DLC is just Batman and Robin.
Yeah.
There you go.
Perfect example.
And then look at what they were trying to do.
They were like, oh, yeah, we're going to do this Enter the Dominatrix thing as a standalone game, which right there, like, kind of, I don't know about that.
And then they're like, hey, you know what?
We're going to take the milking of this property even further.
We're just going to incorporate that into a brand new Saints Row IV game.
It's like, or the Saints Row IV.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
That's going to be fantastic that you're recycling this game for another year.
We actually have an exclusive clip from some unreleased DLC for Saints Row III.
Let's hear it.
Tonight's forecast, a freeze is coming.
Allow me to break the ice.
You are not sending me to the cooler.
Freeze well.
What killed the dinosaurs?
The ice age.
Well that sounds like a pretty cool expansion.
I'm going to tell you right now.
If the next Batman game that came out was based on Batman and Robin, I would actually probably buy it.
Batman and Robin should be a video game.
As fucking terrible as that movie was, it's funny.
No one's obviously taking this movie seriously if you're casting Arnold Schwarzenegger as Mr. Freeze.
That doesn't make any sense whatsoever.
That's like casting Tara Reid as a scientist.
Oh wait, that's been done before too.
But you know, that movie also sucked.
Alone in the Dark.
WhatupG in our chatroom says, Bane was much better than that Bane.
That's true.
But I loved the voice they gave Bane in the movie.
He sounded like Count Chocula.
He sounded Belgian.
Didn't Bane in the movie sound like Count Chocula to you?
That's what he sounded like to me.
He sounded like Count Chocula.
And I couldn't take it.
Because I'm like, Count Chocula just... Oh, I shouldn't spoil.
Alright.
Well, it also wasn't a very good movie.
Speaking of 13-year time warps.
Count Chocula's kind of an asshole.
Alright.
Anyway.
Your gaming week.
Yes, my gaming week, if Loki's all done with his gaming week.
I actually had quite a bit of a busy gaming week.
I have three games I want to talk about.
Let's talk first about Pit... I'm sorry.
There is... I'm sorry, sorry.
There's one thing that is worth mentioning.
The Ready Player One contest.
Oh yeah, alright, alright.
Fair enough.
I'm ready for an update.
My body is ready.
Ready Player One contest.
Remember last week, the whole thing I bitched about fucking... You?
Bitch?
Yeah, I know, I know.
Had to break a world record.
And it is basically impossible to break the world record of the four games that they started off with.
At least, it was impossible for Black Tiger, okay?
But I was willing to buy Black Tiger.
and make the adjustments so that it was exactly like the machine that had the world record.
I was all ready to do that.
Right before I actually purchased anything, I went and checked the update on the blog and sure enough, someone had beat the world record on Joust on 2600.
And it's been confirmed that he... That was going to be the easiest one to beat out of all of them.
That's the most accessible one.
That was the only accessible one.
That was the contest.
Yeah.
Really.
All that other stuff was just a red herring.
Yes.
But it was poorly run in the first place.
You keep adding games and changing the rules within a couple days from everything.
It was ridiculous.
But congratulations to the guy that won it.
Of course, it still has to be confirmed by Twin Galaxies, but it's been confirmed by whoever's running the contest, I guess, that it looks like it's legit.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Alright, thank God too.
I was like, you know, maybe I should check something before I make this purchase.
Because I was like, okay, I'm going to buy this.
I'm going to buy... I would have peed my pants laughing.
No!
If he comes to the show and just dumps a Black Tiger motherboard on the table.
God damn it!
Seriously, I'll put it this way.
Rob, if I was to buy a Black Tiger board, I would be breaking the world record regardless of...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
That's cool.
Well, I mean, sorry to hear he passed.
We actually, unfortunately, have news about another passing, but we'll get to that a little later in the show, because I don't want to down the show too much, because I want to talk about my gaming week, and there's three games I want to talk about this week.
First off, on the iOS platforms, Pitfall, which I guess is the 30th anniversary edition, Pitfall or what have you, they really should just call this game Temple Run 2, because that's exactly what this game is.
It is Temple Run 2, which is supposedly Pitfall.
the only connection to the original 8-bit Atari 2600 version of Pitfall the little opening movie you see it for five seconds and then it transforms into the new Pitfall so what what there wasn't their marketplace or something like that out there that said that they were going to try to eliminate um kind of these copycat games was that Android or something like that or
Well, technically, you're not supposed to have them on iOS.
But it's Atari, so we're going to let them slide.
Well, Activision in this case, even better.
But it's just enough different than Temple Run that it's not really a copycat.
I mean, you still have the sliding to turn around.
You slide up to jump.
You slide down to go over the tunnel.
But now you tap the screen to whip snakes that might be standing in your path, which the original Pitfall did have snakes.
So, you know, they kind of figured out a way to incorporate that.
Now, I will say this.
To the game's credit, the graphics are above and beyond what, you know, Temple Run's got going on.
Not that Temple Run's a bad-looking game, but you play it so much, you kind of see the same thing over and over.
The cool thing about Pitfall is that the environments start to get varied.
Like, you get to a certain length in the game, and now, like, when you get to 2,500 meters or whatever, now you start running through a cave, and it's, like, drastically different-looking.
And then I know in the box teaser, the teaser images that are out there, there's one that's like a mine cart in a fire cavern type of thing.
So that's kind of cool that they varied it a little bit, as well as when you start the game, it's kind of like from the side, and then the camera rotates to be behind you more like Temple Run.
The way the engine works, it seems like it's capable of more graphically than Temple Run is, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Pay 99 cents for a token and you can continue from where you left off or pay 99 cents for diamonds and you can dress Pitfall Harry up in a bear costume or a pirate or a tooth fairy.
I kid you not.
You can dress him up.
It's just called fairy.
You can dress him up as a fairy.
Can you do Pretty Princess or something?
I don't know because I'm not going to pay the money to do it.
Now, I guess technically you can grind the silver bars, which are basically the version of coins or whatever, but it always leaves a bad taste in my mouth when you ask me to pay for the game up front and then you try to shove these transactions down my throat.
And I do not like these constant pop-up messages that are like, don't you want to spend money to continue from this point?
No, I don't.
Don't you want to buy a costume?
No.
No.
I don't!
But he doesn't look like a fairy yet.
Don't you want to play as a fairy?
I am hating... Based on the fact that you have Grindr installed on your iPhone, we think you might like this costume.
But look, I don't like this whole, like, and I will never turn push notifications on for these things either.
So that's the other thing.
If I had those on, I'm sure I'd be getting messages at 2 o'clock in the morning.
Don't you want Makat tokens?
We miss you.
Don't you want to play some more?
So I kind of hate the direction.
This whole free-to-play thing is just, I mean, I realize, but it's not really free.
It's still 99 cents to get the game.
It's not free.
It's still pay money for it.
Just wait until it goes free if you even want to play it.
Yeah.
Temple Run's free.
It's pretty much the same game, but Pitfall has some varied environments.
That's all.
You gotta do it free so you can pay those back for transactions.
I'm just... If I'm gonna pay the money for those transactions, maybe we should do something about the frame skip.
Can I pay 99 cents to have a smooth running game?
Thanks.
Alright, meanwhile, that's enough about that.
Other games I played this week.
So for $20 at Fry's on sale or clearance or whatever, I got Connect Disneyland Adventures.
Because, you know, this game came out last holiday season and it's Disneyland and I consider myself a bit of a Disney aficionado.
So I wanted to check this game out.
And I played this game.
I played it for a good hour or so.
And this is where I really truly realized that I hate the fucking Connect.
I really, like...
It really is the same mistake all over again like what we have with the eye toy.
It's miserable to control.
It is an absolute miserable experience to control this game.
It's like you have to hold your hand out to turn.
You have to put your hand out this way to go forward.
And then like if I want to do a hug, I'm supposed to like reach out and try to hug.
But then it will think I'm dancing so my character dances instead and like all this stuff.
I'm just like can't I just pick up the controller and play?
I realize the name of the game is Kinect Disneyland Adventures, but for a bunch of cute minigames about a place I really love, you know what?
I'll pay $20 for the controller experience.
Can we just take the Kinect part out?
No.
You can't disable the Kinect in this game, unfortunately.
That's too bad.
I really do think the killer app for Kinect is dancing games, and that's pretty much it.
DarkSakura,
So I don't know.
I also have to remember this game is made for kids.
And here I am, 30 years old, and I'm playing the game.
It doesn't matter, though.
I mean, that's even worse because kids don't have patience at all.
That's very true.
If something's going wrong or it's not working, they're just going to kick the TV or throw the connector through the window.
Frisbee in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com says you have to walk around Disneyland like a zombie with your arms out.
Totally true.
You can't really do both hands out at the same time because then the game doesn't understand if you're trying to go left or right but it's just silly.
Blackwolf from the Bobby Blackwolf show which tapes before us at VOG Network says the killer apps for Kinect are all the non-games like hospital apps.
No, obviously, those are killer apps for the PC, because the PC can handle the bandwidth, and they can basically, I think it's like double the data you get from the Kinect versus the Xbox 360, which has to share the bus between all the USB ports on the actual system, so it's limited to what you can do.
So, yes, all the hacks are where it's at, but...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
This way for corndogs.
Do they have the churro ride?
They have churro carts, but you can't really do anything.
There's lots of characters to find.
They have a World of Warcraft-esque, believe it or not, questing type thing.
Like you find Mickey and Mickey will be like, hello, find Goofy's autograph.
Blasphemy.
It's interesting.
but it's ruined by the Kinect.
It needs the people movers and that would be awesome because in the world of Kinect Disneyland Adventures, people aren't dumb and can't fall off those things.
They're supposed to have the gondolas again.
It would be even better if you could have archival videos of Disney or Disney Ride videos or something that I know Disney would never allow to be put in there, but I just think it would really enhance the experience.
I think this idea should be revisited without the Kinect at some point.
Seriously.
I really wanted to like this game, but I don't.
And that makes me very sad.
I definitely agree that the killer apps for the Kinect are hospital apps.
Oh, I'm putting this scalpel forward.
Crap!
Thanks, Bobby.
That's the other thing that would be interesting because you know how we always have these apps that are like, okay, look, I got this game to work with Kinect.
I want to see the opposite.
I want to see Kinect games working with a controller.
Okay, rdgsinge in our chatroom has a good comment too.
Child of Eden was good, right?
No!
Not with Kinect as the controller.
With the controller, it was great.
The Kinect thing was interesting to play once.
Kamehameha!
Kamehameha!
Yeah, but it wasn't super responsive.
Apparently the PS3 version's pretty good with the move, because the move...
Sadly enough, isn't it tragic that the move actually ends up being a pretty good peripheral, but no one cares?
The move is actually a really good peripheral.
It seriously is an excellent peripheral, and it works.
But the thing is, no one fucking cares.
It's like Sports Champions, it worked pretty much the entire time.
Yeah, you had to calibrate it a couple times, but that was super quick.
And you still have to fucking calibrate shit in the Kinect anyways.
But on Kinect, you have Lady Gaga.
So everybody's like, oh, Kinect.
Yep.
Anyhow, one more game I want to talk about tonight.
Sound Shapes, which is...
Sorry, that's the spouse.
Did that go over the air?
You just got an extra life.
Apparently, for plugging sound shapes, I got a one-up.
Oh, Dan is evil.
My husband's evil.
One of our yogurt places has Nutella frozen yogurt.
That sounds great.
Now put your phone on vibrate.
I'm freaking going.
All right.
Ooh.
Well.
$4.69.
Alien dildo.
All right.
Sound shapes.
On the Vita and the PS3, which I love that you buy it on one and you get it on both.
How it should be.
PadaPon was a music game.
not even that, it's just that the things that you collect, the music is all in the stage design that's what it really boils down to the stage design is where the music it's not necessarily you interacting with the music, it's the environments interacting with the music which is what's kind of cool, it's almost more Child of Eden and Rez like in that regard since those games were brought up, I would say those would be a better comparison actually, but this is more like a LittleBigPlanet style game
and the game that this has the most in common with, not just LittleBigPlanet, it's Super Meat Boy in a way.
Because it's that whole idea of you can die very easy but you just start from the last checkpoint and try to get over these very difficult parts over and over and over again.
But there are some stages in the game that are just really cool.
Like the Beck stage.
Well, Beck has three stages.
That first Beck stage is like the equivalent of Shinin' in Luminous.
Like really, it's like the defining moment when you're playing the game.
And because the song kind of goes like it's going along and then the lyrics, one part of the lyrics goes, move a little, turn a little, break a little, hurt a little.
And like while the lyrics are doing that, the little platforms, they go, it moves a little, then it turns a little, then it breaks apart a little.
And then when it goes hurt a little, it turns red, which is the bad thing color, which will kill you if you're still standing on it.
and like when I was playing that I was like that's so cool and even Alan was watching over my shoulder and like just the like the little like he'll just sing this ah thing in the background and whenever he's saying that these little cloud platforms appear that you can use that say ah on them and just like playing that stage was just so cool like it was it was neat and that's how it kind of interacts with the music it's very much the environment otherwise it's it's kind of a platformer and it plays a lot like Meat Boy or Little Big Planet
obviously because of the online element is a huge part of it too all these stages you can get online that people have made all their own levels and so forth is that very LittleBigPlanet element now just like LittleBigPlanet 90% of them suck
But it's kind of neat to see what people come up with.
I think the online mode could have been implemented a little better.
It is early on.
I think the interface doesn't work too well for the online mode, but at least you can kind of track what your friends are doing, and that gives me hope that there's something a little better in there somewhere.
But overall, it's a game.
Shit, it's a great deal.
You get the game on two platforms.
If you're PlayStation Plus, it's only $12.
It's kind of limited by the number of stages that are actually in the game.
I think there's about maybe 15 stages in the game, but it's only a $15 game, and you do have the online stuff, which is virtually unlimited.
I think it's pretty good.
I had a good time with it.
So...
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
Yes, I didn't even think of that, but you're right.
The music in New Super Mario Bros.
Wii was really underappreciated.
Yeah, there is kind of an element to that with it.
You're right.
You know that goes all the way back to the original Super Mario Bros.
I'm sorry, not the original.
The original Super Mario World on the Super Nintendo.
Because whenever you got Yoshi, you would have that little drumbeat.
Oh yeah, that aspect of it, yeah I'm thinking of like the normal the hills will be dancing along the background Oh yeah, I love the way the little Koopas Yeah, the way the little Koopas Yeah, the jumps of the Koopas The little dance is so adorable New Super Mario Bros.
was a great game and I can't wait for 2
Loki might have a word to say about that.
All right.
Sorry.
Coming up on this episode of Orange Launch Radio.
All right.
I was reading Kickstarter.
Not paying attention at all.
Again?
All right.
So I do recommend Sound Shapes.
You don't even necessarily have to like music games because it's not really a music game.
It's a platformer that incorporates music elements.
And I think that's a really good way.
You know, it's that new Super Mario Brothers Wii cranked up to 11 in a way.
So...
VXJasonXV contributed to this report.
Most of my week was lost by preparing for this trip, but I will say that when I was on the train, I was trying to play things that I didn't think would be particularly susceptible to interference by the train rocking back and forth.
Yeah, I was wrong.
Limbo, Cave Story, Braid, and other various puzzle, platforming, adventure kind of things, I thought that I could manage, but with as violent as the train gets, especially in Nevada, my hands were completely off the keyboard.
Flying all over the place.
A couple DS games.
A friend of mine let me borrow Kid Icarus Uprising, and so now my hands are completely cramped because it's just like the original DS.
It just doesn't fit.
My hands just don't fit that system very well.
I've been trying some of the alternative control configurations, but then you lose all precision and the game just gets bad.
I don't know
I finally got StarCraft working on my computer again since Mountain Lion kind of broke a couple things.
My Diablo still busted, but my StarCraft 2 is working again.
That's pretty much the week in a nutshell.
All right.
Let me go over to Raya and check in on how her gaming week was.
It's okay.
You don't play Diablo anyway.
You're about to make up for it.
Yes, I've been playing a lot of Diablo.
It's kind of my social hour right now.
I also picked up Kingdom Hearts, the 3DS version.
I just barely started it.
Otherwise, just kind of the find me and the puzzle stuff, because I just picked up my 3DS this last week.
Which is that amazingly awesome purple color.
I'm sorry.
There's a part of me that wants to go sell them.
I'm having such a Shane moment.
I really hope he's listening because I am having a total Shane moment because the minute I saw that DS, I'm like, I'm about ready to take my DS and sell it in, trade it in, and get that purple one.
And the XL is on its way out.
If I'm going to get a new 3DS, I need to get that one.
But that's the prettiest color handheld I think I've ever seen.
For real.
It was one of those things that I told myself if the purple one came stateside that that was going to be the one that I got.
You know, kind of held off for the color that I liked.
And, of course, Kingdom Hearts came out the next week.
So, yeah.
Good opportunity.
Awesome.
So, yeah, I know you haven't played a lot of Kingdom Hearts yet, but any early impressions from what you have played?
It's a lot to take in in the very beginning.
So, I'm still struggling with all the new things that you can do with it.
So...
And by the way, I have a supporter in our chat room.
JV Mon says, the purple 3DS is beautiful.
I'm right with you, Rob.
Thank you.
At least it's not just me.
All right.
So, yeah, Kingdom Hearts.
I saw this hilarious thing floating around Facebook, which was like literally a 40-page Google Doc to try and explain the plot with pictures and arrows.
Like, is that the type of thing we have going on in the intro?
Yeah.
Sort of.
It has its own little tutorials for each little thing.
It's just so much to take in so quickly.
And this is a kid series, right?
This is like a soap opera for kids and adults.
Let's be real.
A lot of adults obviously playing this game.
But I think the first one was kind of marketed at kids, wasn't it?
Probably.
And it's Disney.
Who else would the target market be?
Yet the official Disney parks continue to ignore Kingdom Hearts.
I will never understand.
It makes me so sad.
So, so sad.
Alright, anything else for your gaming week, Rye?
Not really.
Alright, well you throw something at me if you want the mic to say something a little later.
In the meantime, I'm going to plug some things around the interwebs.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com, use the passphrase, diving.
Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio as well as Twitter.com slash OLRs where you can follow us.
And of course, once again, please be sure to visit our home station, the Voice of Geeks Network, vognetwork.com.
Lots of great programming throughout the week on that website.
If I'm able to get my work done tonight, we're going to have a little more music in rotation.
I'm adding a little bit more to the music rotation for this week for those folks that are actually listening and playing games to the VOG Network.
I posted something in the forums about how you can play Beat Hazard.
You can actually use internet radio on Beat Hazard.
Well, you can load VOG Network as one of the custom stations and play Beat Hazard to the music on VOG.
Or, if you're so daring...
All right.
Let's get into some gaming news now that we're an hour into the show.
Loki.
Sounds good.
All right.
So let's talk a little bit about what could possibly be the worst thing that happened with gaming ever.
Windows 8, at least according to a lot of people.
But something else that they're adding to some of the games that you may waste time with in Windows, they're adding achievements to the games you know and love from back from, God, Windows 3.1.
I can get 20 points for beating Solitaire.
Yes.
Yes!
You can now get achievements for Minesweeper, Solitaire, and Mahjong.
But if you want more deck backs, you're going to have to spend Microsoft Space Bucks in order to unlock.
Watch.
Fucking watch.
I'm not upgrading.
Do you want mind hints for Minesweeper?
Here's what I want to know.
Do you want new faces that will explode when you click on a mine?
Where is that go-kart game or that, what is it, the bumper car game from XP?
Why do I not see that listed there?
I forgot about that game.
Damn.
That game is awesome.
XP, that was 95+.
It was 95?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
What about that?
And while we're at it, didn't they have a bunch of Windows games?
There was Chips Challenge.
Where's Chips Challenge?
I want some more Chips Challenge.
That was a fun game.
Maybe that will come in Windows 8 Service Pack 1.
They also had all the different Solitaire games and Mahjong games and stuff like that that came with that pack.
It was just like, eh.
So how are you feeling about Windows 8, Loki?
Are you kind of in the It Stinks camp?
But you're an achievement whore.
No, I'm not.
You used to be.
I used to be.
I'm a recovery achievement whore.
Well, admitting you have a problem is the first step.
No, honestly, Windows 8 does not look good at all to me.
I mean, there's nothing so far that's told me that I need it.
It's going to be, for me, it's kind of like one of those intermediate versions.
Like, I didn't jump on Vista and I went to 7, so I'm thinking that Windows 9 or whatever the next one's going to be probably will be a little bit better for me.
Yeah, actually that's kind of the way it's been.
I've always skipped a generation.
I didn't do 95, did 98, skipped ME, went to XP, skipped Vista, went to 7.
So yeah, this will be the operating system I skip.
Windows 8 is interesting.
That's kind of the reaction I have to it.
But interesting is also the word I use to describe the commercial for Boo Boo Honey Child or whatever that show is on TLC.
So, I don't know.
Take from that what you will.
It would be cool.
Windows 8 would be a better operating system if touchscreen monitors were more mainstream.
If my laptop had a touchscreen monitor on it, then yeah, Windows 8 would be pretty awesome because you can do all the touchscreen stuff.
But
I just don't think it's necessary right now.
Alright, before we get to the next story, let's go to some comments from our chat room at live.vognetwork.com DarkSakura, why didn't you say this in a microphone?
She says, I do believe there is Kingdom Hearts stuff at DisneySea.
So, correcting what I said earlier about why does Disney ignore the Kingdom Hearts.
Because this is America.
That's right.
Merica.
Merica.
We won the most gold.
Deal with it.
And I really wasn't saying it in reply to you.
I was saying it to somebody in chat.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, Rob.
Let's see.
Oh, excuse me.
Alpha Cananogram is correcting me.
Whatever I said, it's Honey Boo Boo.
Here comes Honey Boo Boo.
My bad.
I'm so sorry.
Porkchop says, Who the fuck plays Minesweeper anymore?
Um, you know, true story.
I work in an adult training environment.
I teach, you know, adults in a corporate world, basically, like how to do their jobs.
And if we ever get people coming through the door that aren't very comfortable with using a computer, because sometimes you get some, like, retired folks that want to take, like, kind of a new job or a new career...
and they might not be as seasoned with computers or whatever we will actually assign them to go home and play solitaire to get better use with a mouse and kind of get that coordination it's a very good way to you know kind of get used to that whole hand-eye coordination which many of us take for granted we all grew up on that stuff but for people that didn't grow up on it and kind of have to learn it solitaire is actually a great way to learn it just you know
Think about it that way.
And then when they come back and tell you, okay, I played Solitaire with my card deck, how's that supposed to teach me computers?
Is this some sort of crazy karate kid thing where I go wax a car and I'm supposed to learn Kung Fu?
Is that how it's going to work?
If I ever had a student say it's a crazy karate kid thing, I'd just give them an A. Alright.
Let's be real.
All right.
What else do I want to say?
Oh, the other chat.
Yes, thank you.
The other comment from GameGuru in our chatroom says, I see you are playing Solitaire.
Would you like special Clippy-themed backs for the game?
Go to hell.
Yeah, I never realized those things stay on forever.
How do I turn that off?
I think I had one set for Mass Effect 3 or something.
I don't know.
It's just like everybody gets the little beep.
I remember when I learned about how terrible the notification system is that I shut mine off in order to not get them from your friends.
I don't think that's possible.
Defriend them, maybe.
Why don't you just send them a message that says, fuck you, you fucking fuck.
I'm already playing it.
Why don't you come play it?
You want to play, apparently.
All right, let's move on with some more news.
And that would be me talking about Amazon Game Studios.
Yeah, you know, Amazon, the website that used to sell books.
Sorry, I love Reginator's comment.
What was that?
If Windows 8 is interesting, then by that definition, so is a lobotomy and colostomy bag.
You can't buy vibrators on Amazon.
For the listeners here... I was looking up... Vibrators on Amazon.
Think of an excuse, quick.
Mass Effect 3?
I was looking at Mass Effect.
For the record, I know this because of when I was a massage therapist, I was looking up electronic heat packs for necks.
And it came to a list of personal vibration assistance.
You want a happy ending?
No!
No!
Amazon Game Studios Living Classics
I guess it's a hidden object game, but they're calling it a moving object game.
Alright, guess what?
It's a Facebook game.
Yeah, looks amazing.
Here's the trailer.
We can look at for living classics here, the launch trailer.
Oh, you can find moving objects.
Oh, that looks like a waste of time.
Perfect for Facebook.
by the way.
Amazon is hiring and alright good luck with that Amazon.
Let's just hope you make some games that I want to play.
Out of curiosity I went ahead and looked up electronic heat packs on Amazon and they have the weirdest shit.
There's no vibrators but there's like screws, the sims, NASCAR 2002 The sims?
NASCAR Thunder 2002.
How the fuck does that have anything to do with electronic heat packs?
There was some kind of bullet casing or something in there too.
And vibrating in it.
Whatever.
Let's move on with some more news, DarkSakura.
I was looking at vibrating heating pads.
Oh, well, there you go.
Vibrating.
They're really good to loosen up someone's neck before you work on them.
Or loosen up someone's... Never mind.
469.
You're all children now.
Speaking of 10 years ago.
Well, how about some Silent Hill news, which has nothing to do with vibrations and everything to do with a dead nurse rape?
Okay.
Well, it's true.
Red Pyramid.
Okay.
Anyway, as we all know, Silent Hill HD Collection is shit because it was built from unfinished code.
End of story.
Well, there's going to be a patch out that's only available on PS3.
So people who got it on Xbox 360, you screwed.
Konami don't care.
Boo hoo, go cry a river, build a bridge, and jump off it.
What's that?
but I was reading something that as long as you have your receipt you're able to send it back to Konami and they will send you a new version of the disc
Okay, but Silent Hill HD Collection came out in what, March?
Who still has their receipt?
You've got to be one of those anal retentive people that actually went and bought a receipt scanner so that way you can scan your different receipts in here.
So what if you buy it now and then show them a receipt and then you have them send you a free game on top of that?
Well, let me read from the official news source Facebook and Konami's page.
Attention Silent Hill fans.
If you purchase Silent Hill HD Collection for the Xbox 360 new and from a recognized retailer...
Oh, so that's how they're going to get around it.
A recognized retailer.
Oh, we don't know about this GameStop shit.
And still have the original receipt.
Please send the receipt to Konami Customer Service for verification and further details.
It's only valid for Silent Hill HD Collection Xbox 360 version games purchased on or before August 8th.
On or before August 8th, Loki.
All requests must be made in writing and submitted on or before October 7th and it is subject to availability.
Well, they're screwed because no one knows how to write anymore.
Can't we just comment on the Facebook post?
But it does say, note, the patch for Silent Hill Downpour for both Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 is currently in development and scheduled for release at a later date.
How about this?
Why don't they just finish the damn version?
How about you just make it right the first time?
I'm glad I didn't buy it.
I still have Silent Hill 3, the good version.
And that's all I care about.
Jvmon in chat says, I keep all my receipts.
Really?
Ragenator says, I have receipts dating back to 2002.
And Stan says, I keep my game receipts for some reason.
Wow, I'm just... Actually, Dan and I used to save all of our receipts for the electronics that we bought.
We still have the receipt for my Wacom.
I understand.
For big, huge purchases, I get that.
Like, when I bought my old TV at Costco, hell yeah, I kept the receipt because Costco has an awesome return policy.
Not anymore.
Yeah, I mean, they used to.
So, like, you know, knowing things like that, hell yeah, I'll keep the receipt.
But, I mean, I don't really ever save them for games.
Maybe I ought to start.
Dan still has his box for his DS that has a post-it note on it that says, This is Dan's DS.
Don't buy it.
I also love this.
When we talk about recognized retailers, Monty Boggs in our chat room at live.vognetwork.com says, Kmart?
The fuck is Kmart?
Denied.
Hey, I bought a Sonic shirt there.
That's about it.
I bought a Super Mario Brothers shirt there.
I was very happy.
JV Mon in our chat says I still have the receipts for those Dunkin Donuts K-Cups I got you lol I drank one yeah don't don't take this the wrong way because the Dunkin Donuts K-Cups were great but they're like half gone now so I even if you had the receipt the store's not gonna take them back because we done drunk them and they were terrible give me my money back they were good they were good a little sugar a little creamer apparently you don't know how this works
Rob Coffee Alright, let's move on with some more news I agree, Porkchop Please don't fuck up the Zone of the Enders HD collection Cross your fingers Cosign to that Exactly, it's like, oh hey Yeah, we don't want to patch this But buy our new Zone of the Enders Oh, and by the way, we're still selling this You know, in case you do want a broken game Um
So anyways, there was some rumored next-gen Kinect images released on Twitter by a guy that goes by the name SuperDAE, who also apparently has no sense of humor because I made a comment on his little post and he said, don't be an idiot, bastard.
Well, Loki, don't be an idiot.
I just made the comment because, you know, it's got the little neon characters, the depth map on there, and it kind of resembles, you know, an image from Just Dance.
And I made the comment, I'm like, well, that's not an image from the new Kinect, that's just from the new version of Just Dance.
Apparently he has no sense of humor because he didn't even say, ha ha, if I were funny, he said, don't be an idiot.
Well good, I'm not going to be an idiot.
Like someone that would try to buy his supposed development kit for the Durango that he just now put on eBay that's up to $15,000.
and basically you're taking his word for it that this is actually an Xbox Durango development kit and it looks like a PC because that's what development kits look like.
There's really nothing that guarantees you anyway that this is going to be a development kit other than the fact that I think some other developers saw a picture of it and they're like, yeah, that looks like a development kit, but who knows.
But yes, so we'll see if this is legit or not because if it is the real deal, then Microsoft will probably pull it off of eBay.
But as of right now, it is, oh, it was ended early because the item was sold for $20,000.
Well, $20,000 was the last bid, but it says the listing was ended by the seller because the item was sold.
Interesting.
So like ended early or whatever?
Yeah.
Huh.
Yeah.
I'm surprised you could do that with bids on it.
Yeah, I didn't think you could do that.
That's interesting.
Hmm.
Now the question is, who bought it?
Gizmodo?
We'll see.
Alright.
Meanwhile, be careful if you are a Blizzard or Battle.net customer.
Oh yeah, that.
Because guess what?
They got hacked.
You know the old saying, hacker's gonna hack.
But to be fair, Battle.net was pretty upfront about what happened because I think we've learned from history, don't try to hide this shit from your users.
They're smarter than that.
So Mike Morhaime, the CEO himself, wrote a little letter that says, you know what?
Thank God.
I was surprised they went this far.
They said some data was illegally accessed, including a list of email addresses for global Battle.net users outside of China for players on North American servers, which generally includes players from North America, Latin America, Australia, New Zealand, and Southeast Asia.
So instead of saying it was everybody, they said they targeted these specific regions.
Interesting.
They got the answers to the personal security questions and information relating to mobile and dial-in authenticators.
That's pretty bad that they got the personal security question answers because if you use those security question and answers on other sites...
It's just like having a password anyways.
It is.
So that's pretty bad.
Now they do say cryptographically scrambled versions of Battle.net passwords, not the actual passwords were taken, but they do think with brute force you could decode one at a time passwords.
StarCraft, Battle.net
you need to change your password on Battle.net right away and you can do that at battle.net slash account slash management slash setting you know what there's a link right there at Battle.net I had forgotten to do mine so I just did it but can you other than changing your passwords because that's not going to matter if they have your secret questions can you change your secret questions
Not yet.
So then what the fuck's the point?
I can change the password to whatever I want and then they'd be like, oh, awesome question.
That's why you have an authenticator.
Yeah, I don't think the secret question alone will get them into the account.
Especially if you've got an authenticator attached to it.
I believe the secret question can only be used to generate a reset request, which still goes to your email.
So this is the other important thing.
Your email password needs to be unique.
In a perfect world, every password is unique, but I understand not everybody can realistically do that with all the websites we sign up for.
So your email password needs to be unique.
This is just Internet Security 101.
If you do not have a unique email password, you are setting yourself up for trouble.
Because think about it.
Somebody gets your Battle.net password here, or they got your PlayStation password before, your Xbox password or whatever.
They're going to use it to get in your email.
Once they get in your email, you're fucked.
Because all those reset requests, everything goes back to your email.
Look at that one journalist guy who got hacked through the whole iCloud reset or whatever this week.
For the record.
When you do change your password, it also does send you an email that says, if you didn't make the change, click the link so that you can recover your account.
Well, his hacking thing was a little different.
That was just security flaws with whole social networking and stuff like that.
Basically, people called up, added a fake credit card to an Amazon account, and then called back up using that new credit card as authentication for other information.
Yeah.
Porkchop in our chatroom says, anyone see that guy Francis rage about the hacks on YouTube?
No, I didn't, but I love internet rage.
I ignore that crap.
He tried to eat his authenticator.
Oh, that's old.
That was about Diablo 3.
No, he did a new one.
That was all fake anyway.
It's just a persona.
It's all for hits.
It's not as funny when it's fake.
You know what's fucking hilarious is that Twilight girl.
That's the stuff I live for on YouTube.
Why would you cheat on him?
Why?
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Really?
You've never seen the crying chick over Twilight?
No, because I have a life.
Tiger Claw, can you find me a link, please?
I need to show Jamie this.
Can you please find me the crying girl who's losing her shit over Kristen Stewart?
I usually have better stuff.
You know, the best thing is like, oh, she quit acting.
When did she start?
Well, Jamie, if you wish to take us back on track, then by all means, give us another news story.
Well, it sure as fucking about no talent, bitch.
You know what?
I accidentally closed my story.
Oh, yeah, here we go.
How about Diablo?
It was funny, I had a friend in Alabama who played a lot of Diablo, except with a thick southern accent, so it was Diablo.
Blow.
So anyway.
Diablo.
Diablo.
Occasionally.
La la la la la, I don't need to know that
They are trying to make things a little bit more attractive, so they're going to be removing the averaging of Magic Find and Gold Find in multiplayer so that you will benefit from full Magic Find independent of other players.
Let me go to the resident Diablo fangirl to check in on Patch News.
So that's why you said it, so that people have to ask in order to join.
I did.
I did.
They still joined my game.
Really?
Yes.
Of course, this was before any patching had been done, so.
Gotcha.
Yeah, on the whole magic find, gold find, yeah, my shit is my own.
You know, I build up my gold find, I build up my magic find, that shit is mine.
It should not matter what yours is.
DarkSakura.com
and this is why I'm still level 22 and she has 260s there's more but wait, there's more weapon damage is also going to be retooled so basically it's I'm just going to read the quote one of the general improvements we'd like to make to our item game addresses the difference between an item having a chance of being good versus knowing the item isn't going to be good before you can even identify it
so they're basically trying to have a raw damage level between 61 and 62 weapons so that it can hit the top of 63 I think however they explained it I have no idea because like I said I didn't play that much
And then, Enraged Timers are being removed from Champion and Rare Monster Packs.
They will still be on bosses, but they will not be... Basically, they don't want to have you have to do a DPS check.
What?
Rai asked, do you know what that's getting at?
No idea, because all I know is Enraged Timers and WoW.
Wow.
Wow.
That's stupid.
Another thing too is that repair costs are going to be on high-end items are going to be decreased by 25% and a bunch of other changes that are going to come out later.
It's on the development blog.
Diablo 3, patch 104, seal of approval by Rai And sorry, still no PvP Maybe I'll play again It was free, why not?
I signed the blood pact We're gonna get into release dates, but before we do, let's give DarkSakura a little culture lesson I'm saying that she's sorry, like that makes it okay
I feel like everybody needs to back off, okay?
This is none of your business.
This is none of anybody's business.
But her releasing that statement, it's like saying, hello world, come on in.
It's like saying it doesn't matter, it's okay.
Oh, I don't understand how she could do this!
Let me fast forward a little bit because I want to see if there's more breakdown.
I love him, I love him, I'm so sorry, okay?
If you loved him that much, you wouldn't have done it.
If you cared about him that much, you wouldn't have done it.
And if you wanted people to back off and not be involved, then you wouldn't have posted that statement.
But, you see, the thing is, you were stupid enough to get photographed doing it, okay?
Don't be so stupid!
I can't help it, but that accent's awesome.
There's like a level of sophistication to that.
I was going in between going, that's a pretty cool accent, and then going, but she's so stupid.
I want to point this out.
I don't think she's stupid.
She's very much a fan of this person.
This is when fandom goes sour.
This is 2.5 million views on YouTube.
And you just added to it, Rob.
What the hell?
By the way, bless you, TigerClaw, for finding this for us.
I can always count on you.
2.5 million views on YouTube.
Do you know how many people listen to this show?
Far less.
Maybe I should do a parody.
My favorite is the related videos on the side, such as Tom Cruise liked my nail polish.
Oh, it's her too.
I've just been to McDonald's for breakfast.
You can kind of see there's a stage at the top.
And there's going to be a band playing, but we don't know who.
I want to get to Tom Cruise liking my nail polish.
Where is it?
Live radio.
Okay, Breaking Dawn Part 2 trailer reaction.
I've seen this before.
It's so amazing.
This video is like...
Where she's crying through the whole thing.
Oh my god!
Oh my god!
That was me watching the trailer for Mists of Pandaria, actually.
It could still be anyone watching the trailer for Breaking Dawn because it is that bad.
We need to do one of those for Showgirls and send it to Peaches.
Oh, actually, actually, the trailer just came out for the Mass Effect 3 Leviathan DLC and we actually have Shane's reaction here on video.
Volturi, they're coming for us.
No!
We love you, Shane.
It's not in chat.
I don't see him let's move on he went on a work trip so he's in another city right now and he's probably asleep because he was up for like 27 hours straight he said he was going to try and listen on his phone tonight but he's got to be asleep which is great because I've talked shit about him like three times so far in tonight's episode well maybe we'll find out in about an hour yeah right no I would have got a text message by now they would just say I'm not that bad just say jerk
All right.
Oh, Shane.
Release dates.
Let's travel around the world and look at some release dates.
Loki, start us off with the U.S.
Can I do reactions?
Yes.
DarkSakura and Rob do reactions to the U.S.
release dates.
Here we go.
Coming out of Nintendo Wii, The Last Story.
Ah!
I'm waiting for this game!
This game!
Operation Rainbow!
I love you so much, Operation Rainbow!
We did it!
We did it!
We did it!
It's finally coming out!
And everybody else doesn't like the Wii anymore.
But I love the Wii.
I love you Wii.
I loved Wii when nobody would love Wii.
There, there, there, there.
You can love your Wii.
I was out there getting signatures outside of GameStop for Apparition Raid.
Alright, let's move on to Darksiders 2.
I love Darksiders 1!
Sleeping Dogs for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, also on PC but digital version only.
You have to get that on Steam.
And then one week from today, New Super Mario Bros.
2 for the 3DS.
No!
It's new!
Alright, I'll stop.
As well as the bundle with the 3DS XL and also the 3DS XL in blue and red coming out on the 19th.
that is it let's travel to Japan check out the Japanese release dates maybe we'll get some reactions from Loki if I can actually get the Japanese I'm just building up the moment in anticipation here if I can actually get the I was just so excited about I have to tell you about my fun Japanese moment alright great
There was an exchange student in line behind me at Target and... Never mind.
No, actually this did happen the other day.
That was the worst story ever.
Congratulations.
Actually this did happen is that I helped her pick out a flavor of breath mints.
True story.
Cool story, bro.
And Rob.
What?
Alien dildo.
On the PlayStation 3 in Japan this week from Hamster is the group putting it out.
Oh my god!
Heavy Fire Afghanistan is coming out this week on the PlayStation 3 in Japan.
Going to the 3DS, Boku wa Koku Kansai-ken, Airport Hero 3D Honolulu.
I don't know if that's kind of like the flight game on the iPad.
No, I don't think it's Alien Dildos, actually.
And lastly, taking a look at the Vita real quick, Next Revolution, Taken Shiken comes out as well as Tokushu Hudobu comes out this week.
Kind of a slower week in Japan, sorry to say, but a game to get really excited about.
And I know, I know this is a game many of you at home would be losing your shit over like the Twilight Girl.
Hatsune Miku Project...
Sadly, she wasn't joking.
That from Sega coming out on August 30th.
What?
All right.
That's it for Japanese release dates.
Let's go to UK release dates.
On the 13th of August, we have Iron Brigade on the PC.
I was just trying to make it sound more authentic.
15th of August, we have Dust and Elysian Tal.
That's what it says.
And Elysian Tal.
Oh, Tal.
God, you know it says tall?
I'm like, what the crap?
They need to fix their typefaces.
And on the 17th of August, we have a new Super Mario Bros.
2 on the 3DS.
Now available at retail in the U.
Dota 2 Dota 2 Dota 2
But apparently it is.
And apparently someone copied a mace that's from the MMO Aeon.
And just so you know, I don't think Dota 2 is officially out.
I mean, chat room, correct me if I'm wrong.
I think it's just one of those betas like everybody's in.
Oh, okay.
I think that's got a really open beta.
Okay.
Anyway, so apparently they discovered this weapon in there, and of course they removed the item and issued a warning to the players that this kind of crap is not going to be tolerated.
Not only did they do that, they also removed the maces from everybody's inventory.
They replaced it with a new item, and they also banned the...
You know, banned the person that made the actual weapon and stripped his account from all the proceeds from the sales.
So apparently there's real money transactions going along with these weapons.
I think it's kind of like the hats in Team Fortress and all that stuff, yeah.
Burn It In 10,000 Fires
you know they don't have enough people saying you know there's I guess not enough people looking at stuff that's on their marketplace maybe that's the problem because they do I know ban people when stuff's discovered but and thank you chatters GameGuru confirming it's not out it's still in beta and Porkchop says it's been a beta for ages now so basically it's like Gmail Gmail was in beta for what five years all right okay all right it's just a new layer of beta
Something else has been sitting dormant for years and years.
This is crazy.
Oops, I didn't mean to have that autoplay, but there you go.
The sounds you hear in the background, the sounds of the NBA Jam XXX prototype is what they're calling it around the internet.
That doesn't mean NBA Jam XXX.
Acronym fail.
With boobies.
Okay, that's not what they mean by triple X here, but it's actually the original cartridge got shipped to this website, NintendoPlayer.com, where they like to discover these prototypes and whatever.
And this particular board got sent to them that was an NBA Jam work in progress, and it has Jam written over one little chip there and then XXX over the other chips.
He's fucking up!
Yes, he just said he's fucking up.
So, LOL, the F word is all over the game, basically, right?
Well, some folks obviously are questioning its authenticity, including the guy who did the original voiceovers himself, who basically said, Oh, wow, that's pretty crazy.
Yeah, somebody sounds just like me out there doing these acts on the internet.
but it appears this website actually released they say download right here you can actually download the ROM and try it for yourself so I don't think it's just the YouTube you can actually check this out so they did dump the ROM and you can check this out and I don't know if you would just be able to insert in your own clips or whatever I think you could ROM hack that and then you can burn the ROM chips onto the cartridge
Yeah, but I think it's also plausible, you know, when you're in the sound booth doing recording, and this was even said on some website somewhere, some forum post I got linked, and I apologize, I don't have it in front of me, but it totally made sense.
If you're doing voiceovers for hours and hours of these lines, you're gonna do some funny ones.
You're gonna have some zany outtakes.
You're gonna have some moments of stress relief where you just go...
Hot Coffee
Have you... Lock and key, but still in the game.
I remember a video that I saw, I don't know, quite a couple years ago about basically outtakes of Casey Kasem's Top 50, or Top 100, whatever he used to do, that he would be recording bumps for radio stations.
It's like, the home of the best radio in Illinois, and that's the cut of the take, and then...
How do I fucking know they're the best?
And similar situations like that.
And it's not impossible for somebody to have a similar voice plus effects sound the same back to the future release in the last two years.
There's also the outtake of, oh god, I can't remember his name.
Who was Elmer Fudd?
I don't think I've heard this and I'm really sure it's Christopher Walken doing all those playthroughs of different games I'm really sure it's him watching the playthroughs for that or reading where the wild things are and all that stuff
Bless you, Internet.
Bless you, Internet.
Here's what Jason was talking about.
Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere, and it'll need a lot if you play it.
Recently, there was a death in our family.
He was a little dog named Snuggles, but he was most certainly a part of... Let's start again.
From coming out of the record.
Play the record, okay?
Please.
Please.
See, when you come out of those up-tempo goddamn numbers, man, it's impossible to make those transitions.
And then you gotta go into somebody dying.
You know, they do this to me all the time.
I don't know what the hell they do it for, but goddamn it, if we can't come out of a slow record, I don't understand it.
Is Don on the phone?
Okay, I want a goddamn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a fucking up-tempo record every time I do a goddamn death dedication.
Now, make it, and I also wanna know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week.
We'll do it live!
Essentially.
So, those things can happen, y'all.
No, I'm not saying this announcer guy lost it on Casey Kasem or Bill O'Reilly levels, but, you know.
Casey Kasem is awesome.
His show would be even better if he did it that way.
Transformers.
He was the voice of several Transformers.
You're in a confined booth for God knows how many hours.
You don't think moods start to change?
Go a little off-script?
Anyhow, I don't know.
I mean, the fact that there actually is a ROM of it out there makes it a lot more believable than just the video.
Granted, a lot of work, but why would somebody do that much work just to put the F word?
Especially a website that's dedicated to this kind of crap anyways.
I don't think they'd go make something up.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Thank you for watching!
and all varieties.
Are they tossing the salad?
No, that's another site, Rob.
Kotaku will run a... Well, Kotaku will run anything, so I don't even know where you're going with this story.
I understand this, but I'm just saying they run a feature every week.
It's about stock footage of people playing games, and it's just weird shit.
There was the one where...
This chick is playing, this emo chick is playing this game laying off of a couch somehow and her friend has a hookah next to her, a non-lit hookah, smoking it.
It's like, why would you need sock footage for that?
Hipster gaming?
You want to get high and play some sound shapes.
More like whatever sinks your battleship.
DarkSakura.com
You little shit, I mean, sucker.
You should play this video game right now.
If you're into shirtless bestiality, you want this game.
And what game could you ever be talking about, DarkSakura?
Altered Beast.
Which I really don't think I've ever done.
There we go, we had to have it.
In Japan, it was called Juloki, which is Beast King's Chronicle.
It came out in 1988 by Sega, and it's a go-around-beat-shit-up game.
It's set in ancient Greece, and it's a centurion who is resurrected by Zeus to rescue Athena, like Zeus ever cared about his kids.
and so he is able to turn into different beasts when you get this little power up sphere thing.
He just turns into big dude and then turns into animal man.
It came out on several video game consoles and computers at home.
It was a pack-in game for the Mega Drive and one of the designers for this was Makoto Uchida who was the creator of Golden Axe.
Stylistically you can see
Thanks for watching!
When you get to Hell, or Dis, I should say, you face Neff, who becomes a huge rhinoceros guy, and then a bluebird comes out of the ground and turns into Athena, so it's very acid-trippy, too.
It is side-scrolling, and it has been on damn near everything, so the orbs that you get through the game will make you bigger and badass-er with huge muscular thighs and abs.
and you turn into a werewolf, a were-dragon, a were-bear, a were-tiger, or the golden werewolf.
There's other different beasts in the Famicom version and in the Game Boy Advance version.
and sometimes you get lightning power at any rate you also have some very weird unicorn creatures in one of the levels that just sort of tries to headbutt you to death
Dry Queen Unicorns.
They were my favorite.
I know.
The Dry Queen Unicorns.
It's like, I just would always laugh my ass off seeing them.
So what it came out on is... I hear giggles.
It's just the chat room acting up.
Oh, what's new?
Travis, I'm gonna bench you over my knee and spank ya.
And not in the good way for 69th episode.
The fuck you said?
Nah, it's nothing.
Don't worry.
Get back to the classic game.
Alright.
So it came out for the Sega Master System, the PC Engine, PC Engine CD, Famicom, Atari STZX, Spectrum, Commodore 64, Rob.
The Armstrad CPC, Commodore Amiga, and DOS The Mega Drive slash Genesis version is important because it was a pack-in game for North America, Europe, and Brazil and then it was replaced by Sonic the Hedgehog There is a handheld version of the game done by Tiger Electronics God, what is funny?
I'm not allowed to smile?
But you're doing the nose laugh.
I'm laughing because Travis spoke up in chat and said, yeah, baby.
Okay.
And I threatened to spank him, so I'm laughing.
Remember, it's only porn if you tape it.
Yeah, baby.
The Mega Drive version is on several compilations, including the Sega Smash Pack, Sega Genesis Collection, and Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection.
And on the latter two, they are unlockable.
You can get it on the virtual console for Wii.
It is on Xbox 360, Xbox Live Arcade, and on the PlayStation Network as the arcade version with HD support and has online... What?
Online Leaderboards, and Network Play.
There's an iOS version of the Mega Drive version that came out in 2010 for the iPhone and iPad.
Because all the good stuff comes out on iOS and not Android.
There are a lot of the lower technically versions that only had single player and four levels and had different beasts like a human shark in the NES version.
It was very weird.
Project Altered Beast Project Altered Beast Project Altered Beast Project Altered Beast
But it had like tons and tons of gore in it.
And it basically was kind of unrelated to the original game.
You played as a dude called Luke Custer, who was a genome cyborg.
And his DNA and genetic makeup was screwed so that he could turn into a werewolf, a merman, a garuda, which basically is like an eagle, a wendigo, a minotaur, and a dragon.
And then you could also be like a were-tiger and a grizzly bear.
So bears in video games, huh?
and then there was Altered Beast Guardian of the Realms which was developed by 3D6 Games and published by THQ that was a sequel for the GBA version and you could turn into a werewolf, a snake man a dragon a tiger man, a spiked turtle a shark man, a rhinoceros man an eagle man a scorpion or a chimera or yeah so that's it
Alright, there it is.
Your classic game of the week.
One last thing.
Neff, the bad guy, will be in Rhinoceros form in Wreck-It Ralph.
Oh, okay.
In the Bad Guys Anonymous scene.
Nice.
All right, Ultra Beast, your classic game of the week.
Now, some folks in chat are thinking, wasn't this a classic game of the week before?
Actually, it wasn't.
Here's where it came up on the show before.
Not that long ago, the Genesis Collection or whatever, the reimaginings that were on the PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade, they went free for PlayStation Plus subscribers that same week I signed up for PlayStation Plus.
So I went back and played through this entire game, and I think I did this whole rant on those unicorns.
So I have talked about this game on the show previously, but it wasn't technically a classic game of the week.
That was a little while ago at this point.
So, just to clear up any confusion.
But I do remember when I played through it, it's pretty terrible.
Now, keep in mind, I had to play the Genesis version, not the arcade version.
We actually just, I think, played through the Genesis version not long ago.
No, I take that back.
Sega Ages.
We played through.
All right.
Alright, so there it is.
Your Classic Game of the Week, Altered Beast.
Let's take a break.
Obviously, it's been a lulzy show so far, but the best is yet to come.
Nah, I don't know.
I'm just saying that.
But you don't know what's going to happen on Part B of Orange Lounge Radio.
We're going to get to the emails, FUs of the Week, and phone calls.
Oh, anything can happen during phone calls.
All when we come back with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio, episode number 469, already in progress.
We've had quite the night so far.
Okay, I have coffee.
I was talking to Alan in the other room during the break and he's actually listening to the show while he plays Mass Effect 3 multiplayer, which by the way, he has a disgusting collection of Mass Effect 3 multiplayer.
I saw the guns.
Outstanding, huh?
He said he was about ready to come out here and tell us, no, stop it, stop it, during the release date segment.
But anyway, we'll see what happens in this part B of our program.
The song was not about alien dildos, porkchop.
Now the podcasters will have no idea what you're talking about.
But during the break, we played a song from Mass Effect, the long song that's the credits during the first game.
Unless you have DLC and then the song mysteriously stops and you still have credits.
Yeah.
I had another same length of the song plus some of no music.
What?
For Mass Effect 2, I had so much DLC because I bought the collector's edition because it was 11 bucks and came with the first Mass Effect, which I already bought, that I seriously had the length of the song plus some of nothing.
So I just went to the bathroom.
Cool story.
All right.
Let's get into some rapid fire news and some quick stories about some things going on in the gaming world this week.
Loki?
All right, so Minecraft Pocket Edition has gotten an update where they've added a few things that you can find in the full-fledged version on PC and Xbox 360.
Well, 360 not being entirely full-fledged, but you get the point.
Anyways, they've added skeletons and spiders as well as bows.
So now you can fire bows and arrows or fire arrows at a... Spiders and skeletons and bows, oh my...
I'm surprised.
I thought they already had skeletons in the game, but maybe I'm just mistaken.
Maybe it was always zombies.
I haven't played much of the Pocket Edition, but I do play it sometimes when I'm stuck somewhere and I'll have my phone.
Skyrim is getting the 1.7 update on consoles.
It'll be coming out, and of course it includes a number of bug fixes and optimizations and stuff like that.
And they'll be coming out on Xbox and also PC at some point.
Or PS3 at some point.
And still no word on Dawnguard for PS3.
You don't get it yet.
Because they're just not satisfied with... When it's ready.
Exactly.
Well, we're satisfied.
and then last but not least Cabela's you know they're really trying hard to figure out a way to make Cabela's interesting and so now the latest thing they have is they kind of modified their top shot gun because they actually for the last few games they've had this
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
and I guess based on that, it will affect the game.
So is that like the Wii Vitality Sensor?
Sort of.
Okay.
But, you know, had they pitched it instead of saying, it'll make you healthy and blah, blah, blah, they could have made it, you know, the Wii Vitality Sensor, we're gonna throw dangerous animals at you.
I mean, that might have been a little bit more interesting.
Like if the Wii Vitality Sensor had been for like Tokyo Jungle, which is a PlayStation game, so I know that makes no sense, but, you know, work with me here for a minute.
Yes, something like that.
But that's coming out on the 23rd.
That's Dangerous Hunts 2013.
Because they have two Cabela's games that come out each year.
Actually, last year they had three on the same day.
Why?
Oh, that also happened to be the week before Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 came out.
So no one gave a shit.
Can I interject a little story about something like this?
I actually hadn't heard of this before, and something kind of interesting that not a lot of people may know as a result of the situation.
Fatal Frame 1 through 3 were all PlayStation 2 games, and then Fatal Frame 4 came out on the Wii and actually incorporated motion controls, etc.
In Japan and Europe, they re-released Fatal Frame 2 under the Fatal Frame 4 controls, and it's amazing.
I wasn't a big fan of 4.
First 3 games, absolutely loved them.
The relevance here is that Fatal Frame 2's re-release has minigames, and they actually implemented something like this, they attempted to, where you basically walk through a haunted house in a Fatal Frame 2 scene, and they basically measure fear as a result of movement in the nunchuck and the Wiimote.
and DarkSakura.
It's a nice little implementation.
The re-release happened mid, late last year, earlier this year.
I don't think it's going to come out in America, but the situation, the fact that they actually took something like that and went forward through it, it's kind of a cool application because the Wiimote's going to know when you throw your hands up and freak out as, well, a little kid would anyways.
I haven't, I swear.
Rye, would you care to comment on that?
Actually, he's pretty calm when playing those games.
It's very fun to watch Jason play those.
Does Jason ever lose his shit over any video games?
That's a good question.
That is a really good question.
I don't think I've really seen him lose his shit.
I've seen him where he'll pause it and kind of look away and that kind of thing, but nothing like getting up and screaming or jumping from something that's... Not like the boys at 4Player Podcast.
Yeah, not like one of our other friends.
He's very, very scared of them.
You can tell.
Has he played much of Amnesia?
Maybe that's the game we need Jason to play.
There's Amnesia and then there's also Ender.
Amnesia is on my list.
I do have it in Steam, and it's on my list eventually.
Slender.
I'm sorry, not Ender.
I've been confusing Minecraft again.
Well, Slender.
It's based on the Slenderman stuff, but they have Slender.
People get fucking freaked out by that game.
What is this on?
It's on PC.
One of my co-workers was talking about it, and it's one of those things that I forgot the name of it, so I couldn't come home and say, hey, Jason, you need to play this.
So Slender and Amnesia, huh?
Slender is all about walking through the forest and you have to find notes, but the Slenderman, you see, he stalks you, and occasionally you'll walk into, and it's all at night with a flashlight, and if you look at him, the longer you look at him, the more damage you take, and you're not supposed to look at the Slenderman.
I'm intrigued.
I will say that just before Silent Hill HD Collections came out, I actually went through and replayed when to go play through all of Silent Hill 1 through 4.
The ambience of 4, and especially the ending, terrified me.
I could not get more than 15 to 20 minutes into Silent Hill 4.
The quietness, the... You didn't even start Silent Hill 4.
It was the opening video.
I took steps through the room.
I got to the point where the room started to transition, which was... Okay, maybe it wasn't 20 minutes.
Maybe I'm giving myself a little bit too much credit there.
I started the game.
I looked outside.
I saw the other apartment complex and the couple of people you could see moving.
But as soon as the wall started changing, that plus the intro video... Oh, man.
Can you imagine...
I can't wait for, like, in the future when we have, you know, these reaction videos, but instead of the reaction videos of people, like, watching the screen, it's like a VR heads-up display or something like that where you're just completely immersed and you turn around, HOLY SHIT!
You know, it's like... Immersion is gonna be the best thing and the worst thing for me.
The holodeck?
For the record, you know the only thing that creeps me out in Silent Hill?
The rabbit.
We need to get the video capture.
For me, it's that hospital room where you go in the room and then all of a sudden it's the giant head.
I can tell how scared you are right now.
well I really think what we should do we need to make it a priority to get the video capture set up in this place so that for Halloween or somewhere around there we can do a scary game marathon and make me play these scary games and I will cry I will throw things like nothing will match that experience where I was playing Silent Hill Homecoming and like just like the ceiling falls down in this one random part and then I was playing in the
and I swear to God, I jumped in my bed and went under the covers and started crying.
I couldn't handle it.
It was too much.
And Homecoming wasn't even that great, all things considered, so it was alright.
Anyhow, yes, I have some news for you guys as well.
Unfortunately, some sad news.
I have to start off with some sad news here during my part of Rapid Fire News.
Paul Steed, he worked on bringing Wing Commander to 3D.
He also was part of the original Xbox launch.
Unfortunately, he passed away.
We don't have a cause of death or what have you, but he was a very important part of 90s gaming.
He worked on some big, big PC titles in the 90s.
Wing Commander, Wings of Glory, Bioforge.
He also did some stuff with Quake at ID Software and he also made the crack whore player model.
Yes, that was a thing.
So unfortunately he did pass away this week according to the Jace Hall show, which there is a YouTube clip of him there.
He leaves behind a wife and child.
Sorry to hear that.
Moving on to news about the Wii U. Wii games apparently going to be playable on the Wii U gamepad.
That's very interesting.
We kind of expect that Nintendo platforms at this point are going to be backwards compatible with the prior platform.
It's been a very common thing in the handheld part.
And then, of course, we've seen how the Wii will play GameCube games.
Well, the Wii U will play the Wii games as well.
And what's interesting is that you can actually play them on the little gamepad because those gamepads have the little sensor bar in them.
So, yep, you can point with the touchscreen and so forth using a Wii remote.
However, I want to point out, this is still apparently a rumor because this came from a Spanish brand manager and not an official Nintendo source.
It kind of makes sense, though.
It would be a great reason to sell a mini-mote.
A mini-mote!
A little keychain-mote!
How big is the screen?
Like, not even four inches or so?
Well, it's not the size, Jason.
It's how you use it.
I can't imagine playing a game with that small of a pointing radius.
I understand.
Even when they were showing the Wii Fit U stuff, it was just like, okay, that's fucking ridiculous.
You're going to have this little thing set up while your wife's watching TV and you're going to be exercising to this tiny little screen.
Come on.
That's a little dumb.
But there's other Wii games that would work.
You know what it would... New Super Galaxy, New Super Mario Bros.
Virtual console games.
Galaxy would be equally as bad.
New Super Mario Bros., I was actually just thinking about that.
That's kind of worse for one reason.
Certain power-ups.
You're holding this, what I'm expecting to be rather hefty tablet, less because it's not the whole guts, but you're holding this tablet in your hands.
Oh, I need to throw a fireball.
Let me shake this ridiculous...
That little tablet thing had a built-in projector?
That would be fucking cool!
Wasn't that the early rumors about the revolution was that it's gonna project 3D out its anus onto your...
No, that was the whole... Remember that shit?
No, remember that was... The console was the heads... Like a VR headset.
That's what the thing was.
No, I remember the whole... It's gonna... The Wii is like fucking holograms and shit.
Like, I remember... Those were early... Well, that was back when it was the revolution and they said, Oh, it's the Wii!
And you're like, Nope, that's not gonna be revolutionary at all.
Anyhow.
We took this really kick-ass name and we cut its balls off.
Speaking of Nintendo news, there are some more details for Animal Crossing 3DS.
I don't know how I feel about it.
Animal Crossing was awesome the first time.
It was one of the best games ever on the GameCube back when it had the NES games unlocked.
But now, I don't know.
I'm feeling a little burned out on this series.
But I'll give it one more go with the 3DS version.
It was educational for me.
Oh, with the whole, you're talking about the animal forest with the Japanese letters.
Yeah, because I was using it to practice reading.
Anyhow, here are some things to look forward to in the brand new Animal Crossing Jump Out, which by the way is the title.
Oh my god.
Well, because it's 3D, so the pictures, they just jump out!
Yeah.
Loki, these are the things you have to look forward to because I know you're a big fan of Animal Crossing.
Oh, I can't wait to pick it up for my three... Oh, wait.
No, I can't.
Here we go.
An all-new gardening store where you can purchase plants.
Fantastic.
You know, instead of having them at Nook's where they've always been, let's separate it into yet another fucking store I gotta hike to that has different hours in Nook's.
Raccoon housing, which will be run by Tom Nook.
A wider variety of fish and fossils, which you can donate to your museum.
Oh, fantastic.
An exhibition room and shop in the museum, which will be open 24 hours.
I don't know of any museums that are open 24 hours.
Actually, a lot of national parks and stuff.
I'm thinking Washington, D.C.
A lot of people don't know this, but the Lincoln Memorial and Washington Monument, they're all 24 hours.
Those are all outdoors.
I mean, a museum that you... Okay, sorry.
Rapid fire.
I guess... Whatever.
When it's run by an owl, it can stay open all night.
He's a night owl Touche A miscellaneous goods store That's what it's called The Able Sisters Clothes Shop Oh wow, that's a new feature Roofs, doors, posts, and fences can be customized I'm gonna have a pink fence I can't wait till I have a lesbian again I can't wait either
Brand new furniture, including mermaid items.
Under the sea.
We need that little singing crab.
A player will be the mayor of his or her town.
So now you're in control.
So you're not just an almost homeless scumbag.
He died.
Well, he was pretty fucking old.
Can you evict citizens as the mayor?
That would be awesome.
I totally would evict.
I would have an all lesbian community.
A thrift shop will be available.
It makes sense.
Goodwills are popping up on every corner in this day and age.
A thrift shop.
So it's basically as opposed to like the recycle bin that you get free shit out of.
Now you gotta go buy it.
All right.
A shopping mall will be available.
And lastly, a shoe store.
Oh my god, shit.
All they're doing is fucking separating everything out even more than it was before.
These aren't new features, folks.
These are just the same goddamn features just spread out even more between each store.
Instead of Nooks carrying pretty much everything, it's just like...
Nooks is carrying, I don't even know if there is a Nooks in this game, but it's like a store carrying this type of item.
This store is carrying this type of item.
This store is carrying this type of item.
This guy says, you know, it's all fucking filler is all what it is.
Where's my store that sells classic NES games?
Not fucking there, so that's why I'm not buying your damn game.
Oh, I'm sorry, that'd be the eShop, I guess.
Yeah, that would be the Nintendo store.
Wouldn't that be hilarious if there was a link within Animal Crossing to the eShop?
There's how you can integrate some stuff, and that would be true innovation.
Like, the NES carts are back.
Oh, but you have to buy them as DLC now.
Ba-dum-bum.
People do that, and, you know, I can see people doing that, but it'd be cool to have, like, demo versions.
Fuck that, and you know what?
It's just still stupid because they don't have the classic games in there.
Sleep all night and I wake all day
Anyhow, DarkSakura, let's move on with some rapid fire news Well, how about something for a game that's been out for two years?
Scott Pilgrim vs. The World is getting a new DLC Yes, on August 19th And it's going to be on the two year anniversary of the Xbox Live release That's a long time to go by
It's gonna be a $5 pack, 400 points, and it has a new character, Wallace Wells, so you can be fantastic!
And he doesn't actually need weapons, so I think he's just gonna, you know, text people to death.
And it will be on PSN, by the way.
This occasion calls for some animanaguchi, animanaguchi, I can never say their name, animanaguchi.
Yeah, the first level, Another Winter.
The theme was great, but Another Winter, the very first level stage, theme, excellent.
Actually, you know what one of my other songs on repeat is?
Threshold.
I love the picture.
We've seen them live.
It was fantastic.
In other news, Jet Set Radio will be back for $9.
It's going to be a PS3 and the PS3 version will be available for PlayStation Plus users on September 11th and on September 18th the version will be out for everyone else.
Xbox Live Arcade and Steam versions will be out on September 19th also for $10 Vita version will be out October 16th it doesn't really say anything else about that so I'll just hook up my Dreamcast thank you and play the good version that has Bjork in it and birthday cake shut up and eat me
And then, They Bleed Pixels, which is the best name of the game ever.
It's going to be out for Steam instead of Xbox Live Indie Games.
So that was the official word by Spooky Squid Games, which is also a cool name.
uh basically their creative director said that uh they want to reach a larger audience and PC and Steam is just the place to do that so go check it out it's supposed to be really freaking hard and it says the more and better you kill the faster you fill your checkpoint meter I like killing in games all right is that it that would be it sir that's it for rapid fire news let's get into the foogle question of the week
Every week on our Facebook and Google Plus communities, we like to ask a question and get your feedback.
And you put Facebook and Google together, you get Foogle.
And it's just fun to say, Foogle.
Foogle, Foogle.
All right, our question this week is... Where the hell is it?
I forgot how to navigate Google+, I'm sorry.
Oh, nobody left a comment on Google+, tonight.
There is officially nobody left on Google+.
A little tumbleweed rolls by.
Alright, well here, I'll just assume people that use Google+, also watch the Olympics on a six-hour tape delay, so...
Here's the question anyway.
Tonight we have a story on a game from the Super Nintendo days where it was discovered this week that an unofficial, never-released version of it contained some pretty salty language, which obviously was the NBA Jam game we were talking about earlier.
This had us thinking about shocking moments in video games.
Have you ever been shocked by dialogue in a game or something that just happened in the plot?
I wasn't necessarily going for like F word shocking, just like, were you ever like, oh my God, oh my God.
What about something that just made you say, oh no, they just did not.
What was a video game moment that had you shocked?
You spoony bard!
Was that really a shocking moment for you?
Considering I didn't play that game until it was released on the PlayStation.
That was more of a WT, I was like, what's a spoony bard?
I just thought it appropriate after I read the question.
Alright, we have some great answers tonight on the Facebooks, so I'm gonna go through and read some of the answers here.
Picaruno says, you have to be pretty fucking filthy to shock me.
Although I think brutal legend handled the swearing gore in a funny way, stopping the action just before an F-bomb or beheading to politely ask if you would like to enable the fucks and guts.
Was that really what it was called?
Fucks and guts?
Ragenator says, I'd have to go with an unconventional choice.
The Super Nintendo port of Mortal Kombat ported by Acclaim.
Not for what was included in the game, but for what was not included in the game.
Meaning that the game was sanitized.
This port has become the poster child of why games shouldn't be censored and has given Nintendo a proverbial black eye for a good many years.
That was an interesting interpretation of the question because he took it to mean I was so shocked in a bad way.
Like I was shocked at how shitty this turned out.
That's kind of an interesting way to go with the question.
They're punching the sweat off my face.
That sweat is so shocking.
Let's see, moving on.
Stan says, I just watched a battle scene from Persona 3 for the first time ever and my jaw seriously dropped when I saw that they had summoned their personas by shooting themselves in the head.
I'm sure that that reason was explained in game, but WTF?
Ratchet Tag says Silent Hill 2.
I was playing through for the first time and there was a scene in which you're walking down a hall and see Pyramid Head doing really unspeakable things to mannequins.
I was a bit young, so it was pretty shocking and disturbing.
If you have played this, you know what I'm talking about.
And he included a video with his answer.
And I think we all know that scene in Silent Hill 2.
And of course, the preview kicks in and tells you exactly what the video is in advance, which is both a helpful and hurtful thing.
Now, Shane replied and also said something from Silent Hill 2.
I'll just put a spoiler warning out there, even though this game's, what, like almost 10 years old at this point?
It's when you find out that James smothered Mary with a pillow.
That was ridiculous the first time you found out.
Oh my god, spoiler.
It's a 10-year-old game, people.
I know, I'm just...
Especially because they showed him doing it.
Runner up would be when Kaiden got his head bashed in on Mars in Mass Effect 3.
I literally got up from my computer right after that happened and walked around to try and lose some of my anger I was filled with.
This brings us to a very interesting question, a Shane question that I would have to ask him someday.
And that would be, what if...
Let's say that Bioware never plans to make another Mass Effect game.
But they'll make a Mass Effect 4 only if Kaden dies in the first five minutes.
For good.
Or Ashley, depending on how you've played the games.
Then what do you do?
What do you do?
Do you take another Mass Effect game because, hey, more Mass Effect?
And have your favorite character die?
Or do you say, you know what?
I choose to remember these games as they were with my character not dead.
Ooh, that's quite the dilemma, isn't it?
What would you do, DarkSakura?
Let's say Mass Effect 4 with Garrus dead in the first five minutes or no more Mass Effect ever?
What would you do?
What would you do?
No more Mass Effect ever.
Interesting.
All right.
Well, I don't know because if they said it in like another universe totally, then that's fine or in the future.
It depends on the situation.
All right.
Let's see.
Osfer says, SoulCalibur V, after Maxi beats Astaroth, he stares at the camera angrily and shouts, Goddamn freak.
That's just rude.
Irene replied and said, there's some obvious ones.
Chrono dying, Aeris dying, Samus being a girl, Justin Bailey, the upside down castle.
That was like seven answers.
But one that kind of threw me off was the revelation about the main antagonist, Lady Mamiya at the end of Sweet Home.
No spoilers in case someone actually want to play through it.
It just seemed intense for an NES game.
By the way, I just got a text message.
No more Mass Effect.
Thank you, Shane.
At least we know he's listening now, even though he missed the first half.
Shane, yes, no more Mass Effect.
Except I would cry if there was no... Now, if there was no Caden, sorry, I wouldn't care.
Monty Boggs in our chatroom says, Ashley just tried to kill me, so whatever, let her die.
Well, you can, like, Garrus shoot her.
All right.
Mandrew replies and said, you don't know Jack.
A buddy of mine and I were playing, and we had to type an answer for a question, and he typed in, fuck you.
Jack responded with, fuck me, no, fuck you, and deducted like 10,000 points or something.
When you're inner sixth grade, that throws off your guard.
That's awesome.
I never knew that could happen, but that's hilarious.
Uh, Extifer replied and said, when Hellscream called Sylvanas a bitch in Warcraft.
I'm sure there's several I'm not thinking of, but it all comes back to WoW, right?
How about the, uh, dead babies in WoW?
You know what I'm talking about?
I think so, yeah.
Where the troll lady is and she has all the babies and then you have all the skeletons behind it.
That's just creeper.
And, and, and the leather tents that the gnolls have that are made out of, uh, people's faces.
Hmm.
How many games have we talked about tonight that are upwards of five years old and have danced around spoilers and now we're talking about Gears of War 3?
I think it's nice that people are trying to be respectful.
I'm not going to criticize people for being respectful of the spoilers.
DarkCharger replies and says, I'll have to go with Eternal Darkness.
That's a game they need to bring back on the Wii U, don't they?
that's a game that would the problem with bringing a game like that is now it has a standard for what's going to be scary and you can't do the same thing you can't do the same things all over again unless it's like literally a graphically improved port
but people would this game isn't scary oh you can't redo a game like that it's not going to happen well until there's a dramatic shift in technology like immersion we were talking about before until you can really have something different to to throw at the player again it's not going to be interesting but but imagine oh wait let me get right on the mic here
but imagine the things that they did with Fatal Frame 4 and the remake of Fatal Frame 2 add that to the whole sanity thing and all the things that they could do to fuck with you with Eternal Darkness yeah but the haunted house in Fatal Frame 2 for people like us is stupid and boring
Yeah, but I'm sure that they could do some... And that's what I'm talking about.
The bonuses and the extras and the things that they would be throwing in nowadays are dumb and boring.
And Eternal Darkness, as kinda cheesy as the game was, the effects were really good and it made for a good way to keep you through the game.
Alright, let me finish the comment here from DarkCharger.
If you went in there spoiler free, random noises, skewed perspectives, and even a blue screen of death made you question your own sanity as you played through.
Chiggers replied and said, the first time I ever heard shit in a game was when Barret said it in Final Fantasy 7.
I was awestruck.
Actually, sit your ass down in that chair and drink your goddamn tea.
And lastly, Tigerclaw says, to me, the most shocking moment in a video game was in Bionic Commando when you see Master D, aka Hitler's head, explode.
That's pretty awesome.
I read all the answers because they were all really good.
Thank you guys at Facebook.com slash Orange Lounge Radio.
It's all about Sid.
What about you guys?
Shocking moments in video games.
I'm gonna go with a really cliche one that was already mentioned but it really was the most shocking moment for me was when Aeris died in Final Fantasy 7 like for real I cheered for real I was like that just fucking happened like really like they're gonna just off a character video game characters don't die they just regenerate I cheered I know there's not really much that shocks me in a game I mean maybe Selly's throwing herself off a cliff
I was like, she just threw herself off a cliff?
Stupid bitch.
Other than that, I was like, I haven't really had a shocking moment.
Oh, I know one thing that actually did kind of gross me out.
Well, okay, first of all, Robbie the Rabbit always kind of creeps me out.
The big head in Silent Hill 4.
And I knew the big head was there, but even seeing the big head was like, ugh, stop looking at me, ugh.
Because I have a thing about big heads, and I don't like them.
Like, we had... Like, the clown face in Funhaus, the pinball table, that thing creeps me out.
That thing is kind of creepy.
I mean, it doesn't matter that the goal is to hit it with a pinball.
It's still creepy.
And that's in pinball.
I'm gonna say a really recent one.
The most shocking moment for me, a recent game that I actually played again this week for the first time in a while.
Journey on the PlayStation 3.
Because I had no idea going into it that it was an online game.
And the moment I saw another person there was kind of shocking.
Like, what?
And the fact that they weren't acting like staying in one place and saying, go up here, go over here.
They couldn't.
Journey is such a fucking...
Great game.
I played through again this week, and it's just, oh my god.
The way I'm talking to people, I was showing the game to Extifer, and I was like, yeah, and that's another person.
And then the person was trying to do the little singing to tell me that there was a thing I was missing in the little place where they were standing.
It's just, I don't...
I don't know how to explain it.
It's such an experience.
I still need to play that game.
You really do.
Journey is an outstanding game.
It damn well may be my game of the year.
I'm not sure yet.
Do you have any shocking moments?
Yes, Loki.
Shocking moments?
I don't, actually.
I was trying to think of something, but no.
I have two interpretations of them.
One of them Ryan reminded me of.
The one that I have in mind, literally shocking in terms of gasp, shock, and alarm.
Fatal Frame 1 and 2 to an added effect really did have a pretty profound impact on me.
I've always been weird when it comes to ghosts and that kind of stuff.
The lore and the situation, the sound, the ambience, that kind of stuff.
Those games really creep me out for a very long time.
I could talk about this for hours, but this is a three, oh wait, four hour show.
The example that Ryan reminded me of that's actually really true, Braid.
Braid was an amazing game.
Great puzzle game, great platformer, great everything.
I absolutely loved it.
It's one of the few titles that I've actually 100% achieved and in general just sat down and worked my way through with very little to distract me in between.
but the story of it is also ridiculously profound and the very last level of Braid after you do all you get all of the puzzle pieces you put them all together and you do the final like unraveling in technically world one how do I how do I do this spoiler free it's just the best representation of two sides of the story that I've ever seen in gaming and really in media in general
We have Actdeft in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com Says, Braid sucks, I hate the game Haters to the left Alright, Rye, we'll end this with you Any shocking moments?
Of course, since I asked her back channel if she had any suggestions I just took away her suggestion, but that's okay I was the one playing it anyways
I mean, I was happy that the fact that Diablo 3, nothing got spoiled for me.
So, things happening in that one, I was pretty surprised with.
Anti-shock.
Yeah.
The Diablo... Whimsichire, the Diablo piata, that's the word I'm looking for.
Okay.
Thank you for watching!
Alright, so there's already been hints that this was coming, but Valve has finally made it known that they're going to be rolling out other non-game software on Steam coming September 5th.
And these will include other... include, I guess, Steamworks functionality, allowing automatic updating and cloud storage, as well as other Steam features.
And they have everything from, like...
Audio Production, Note Counting, Animation, Design, Illustration, Photo Editing, Software Training, Web Publishing, etc.
So, lots of stuff.
Interesting.
And then, of course, I guess titles will continue to hit Steam after the initial September 5th launch.
And I guess developers will be able to submit their prospective pieces of software via the Steam Greenlight program.
Did Steam just reinvent Kickstarter?
Maybe.
It's to their credit, it's not, hey, I want the game, so I'll fund you this $5, but it's more crowdsourcing the idea in the first place.
It has its own potential, but I'm sure in time we'll see its own demise, its own drawbacks.
this kind of brings more light to a comment that was made a couple weeks ago when we talked about there was something where and it always seemed like a weird comparison but Gabe Newell from Valve said something about yeah we were talking to Adobe and trying to convince them that Photoshop should be free and I think a lot of us were like alright whatever they were talking and now we're like oh that's why you would have had Valve talking to Adobe because they're trying to get some of that software on this new thing
They're trying to have the killer title so that the additional content of the store is actually relevant to people.
It's interesting.
Do you think this could be successful?
Yeah, definitely.
I do too.
They should make the entire suite free and give it to me.
Looking forward to that Steam holiday sale.
Wait a minute, didn't you say you didn't want Photoshop to be free?
I assume you remember on that episode.
I just want it free for me.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
Not free for all.
For my elite group of designers.
That clears everything up.
Thank you.
And InDesign.
Well, this won't be free.
In fact, it'll be $109 if you miss the Kickstarter.
The, oh yeah!
Excuse me, the ooh yeah.
Oh yeah, the Oh Yeah got funded and all that good stuff.
Boy, did they get funded.
$8.5 million.
It was supposed to raise $950,000, which was a pretty lofty goal to begin with.
Met $1 million in eight hours, $8.5 million after all was said and done when the Kickstarter closed.
According to CEO Julie Ehrman of the Oh Yeah, we've been blown away the whole time.
So there you go.
Also in news there, it's $109, like I said before, so it's a little bit more expensive than the $99 during the Kickstarter.
It's $119 if you live in another place, not the U.S., somewhere foreign.
You get the little console.
You can pre-order it now.
They're saying now delivery expected to commence in April of 2013.
Is that because they're going to do the Kickstarter people in March?
Yes.
Interesting.
Interesting.
Namco Bandai Namco Classics
Like Pac-Man.
I think they were talking about Soul Calibur, actually.
What?
The Android, like how they have the slightly toned down versions for Android and stuff.
Okay, that makes sense.
So it'd be like that, but with a controller.
Very interesting.
And hopefully, Ridge Racer.
Ridge Racer.
Although I hope it's not Ridge Racer like it was on the Vita because that Ridge Racer sucked balls.
Ridge Racer.
That would be great if that could be a launch title.
It does launch with every system.
By the way, I love this comment from Bobby Blackwolf in our chat room.
Namco Bandai in discussions.
Indie game heaven.
Remember how this console was going to be the indie console?
It's going to be as good for indie games as the Xbox is.
Alright, moving on.
DarkSakura.
Well, Star Trek Infinite Space, I'm sure people saw all the ads all over Facebook for the beta and everything.
Guess what?
Canceled.
Not gonna happen.
It was supposed to be set during Deep Space Nine and they even got a bunch of the cast from Deep Space Nine to lend their talents and nope, they couldn't get any funding.
They couldn't find a publisher so it's not happening.
Sad face.
The demise of MMOs has begun.
No publisher for an MMO?
How does that happen?
The fact that all Star Trek is right now is the Abrams movies.
I really wish there'd be a new series.
Cry.
As long as it's nothing like Enterprise.
They have a Kickstarter right now that actually has Michael Dorn in it.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Everybody's got a freaking Kickstarter.
It's a Star Trek documentary with Star Trek actors.
Yay.
Okay.
Because there haven't already been at least two.
Is Kickstarter rule 35 now?
If it exists, there's a Kickstarter for it?
Possibly, actually.
That's just what I got from a couple of instances in this episode.
All right, a few more news stories for you guys, and then we're going to get to the mailbag.
And before too long, the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype, Orange Lounge Radio.
But first... Boy, Rhode Island really put their money in the wrong company.
So 38 Studios, of course, they kind of tumbled and failed and...
so now Rhode Island owns the rest of 38 studios including the assets, the rights to the single player game that they put out and of course their unfinished MMO project and now they're trying to sell off these assets to recoup as much of the loan as possible and so maybe that means that we'll see a new Kingdoms of Amalur game or whatever it's going to be called
because somebody will have to buy the rights inevitably but it's going to go at bargain basement prices which is kind of too bad.
GameStop came out this week and said that 70% of trade credit is spent on new games.
Wait a second!
That's totally hurting the games industry with all those used game sales.
Well, I mean, to me, this is kind of a duh.
This comes from GameStop president Paul Raines talked to Gamasutra and basically said this in an interview that was about the total sales numbers and the $11 billion and so forth.
and basically was talking about, you know, everybody always criticizes about used trade-ins and so forth.
But he said, quote, we're really not cannibalizing new game sales.
That's a common misconception.
So my answer to developers is that we are driving growth in a category that needs to grow.
We think there's a real lack of awareness as far as how trade-ins are good for the industry.
Thanks for watching!
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
for whatever campaign or DRM that you're putting in place there.
And B, they're not going to have the money to do it anymore.
But my whole thing is, I just prefer to cut out the middleman and sell him on eBay.
Exactly.
And use that money to buy whatever I want.
A new video game or...
Maybe my shiny new iPad.
I understand.
And sometimes it's a matter of convenience.
Sometimes you don't want to wait for that or you don't want to go through the hassle to do that.
And it's just opportunity cost.
You can either get X amount of money now or you don't.
And that's the thing about GameStop is when you go in there, at least that should be the way, you go in there, you say, okay, here's the games I have.
What will you give me for them?
If that's not satisfactory to you, sell them on eBay.
I mean...
You can figure... You can call them up or, you know... I don't know if you can call them up, but you can go down there and say, here's what I have.
If that's not enough money for you, then you go try to sell money.
Doesn't the website tell you trade-in values?
Eh, some games they do.
I don't think they do for all of them, but... And I'm sure it'll vary based on the, you know, the condition your games are in, but... I mean...
It's not like they're forcing you to trade this stuff in.
Sorry, you already gave it to us.
You can't have your games back.
They're not going to do that.
You just go ask them, hey, here's what you'll give me.
Or even on top of that, you can take them to another game store, not GameStop, that also does trades and ask them, hey, what will you give me for this?
Shop around.
Figure out who's going to give you the best value.
Best Buy still takes it in trade-ins.
The one that's close by us, they actually have a whole little station.
They actually have a counter set up and somebody dedicated at that counter.
I was not aware I don't usually look into that here so and also too with you know GameStop now what they're trying to do to get more people to trade and stuff is they don't just sell games anywhere they sell like electronics phones but the nice thing about Amazon is I could trade in the games to Amazon and then put that money towards a vibrating heating pad as we learned about earlier in the show there you go or alien space still though if they have that you know you never know
gonna trade in new Super Mario Bros.
Wii get some hot durian cock alright don't make me make the noise Rob alright let's I will make you make the noise of opening the mail there you go no more noise how's that I'll just piss off your neighbors and be really loud let's go to the mail bag
Every week, DarkSakura opens the mailbag at mailbag at orangelaunchradio.com and reads some of her favorite emails for you right now.
Sure.
Okay.
This one's actually a contest.
Hey, OLR Crew, I apologize for intruding in your mailbag segment, but I would like to give away a PlayStation Network game code to one of your live listeners in the U.S., Canada, or Puerto Rico.
The code is for Dazaimon Kids.
An import PS1 classic side-scrolling shooter that lets players design their own levels.
Just to keep this contest simple, I would like for the lovely DarkSakura.
or equivalent sassy male host to say the code at the end of this email and leave it to the first listener who can claim the code to win.
Desaimon Kids can be played on a PS3, PSP or in the near future, Vita.
The code can be redeemed from the PlayStation Store app on a console or at account.sonyentertainmentnetwork.com Good luck to everyone.
This comes from the Nasty Canasta.
I love that name.
So are you ready?
Get your pencils, get your keyboards ready, get a free game.
Here you go.
Picture pages, picture pages, time to get you.
Nobody gets picture pages?
Wow.
Bite me.
T-H-P-N-P-L-N-P-T-M-N-3.
There you go.
Not saying it again.
I want to know who wins it.
All right.
Okay.
Next email.
Yeah.
Um, this... I had to laugh, I had to laugh.
There's a Kickstarter to do Cheetahmen 2, so that they're fixing it to make it playable.
It says, Konami, be ashamed.
Oh, I'm not even gonna bother.
Okay, the subject of this one is Trainor.
Dear DarkSakura, which would offend you more?
Me saying Samantha Trainor is a hotter piece of ass than Garrus Vakarian or there's a link says this being the song Windows Down by Big Time Rush this song that samples Song 2 by Blur and if by sampling we mean rips off completely and ruins ugh and that's Stay Black Redertainment um well given that I can't actually listen to it because I have the sound off um
Well, if Damon Auburn sued the crap out of Big Time Rush, then that's okay.
Samantha Trainor is just annoying.
And everyone's entitled to their own opinion.
I would say she's a hot piece of ass for what it's worth.
The shower scene, like I'm gay and I still kind of get a semi on that shower scene.
It's really hot.
She wasn't even naked.
What's up?
Who showers in their bra?
Mother fuck.
Cock teases Yeah, but Shepard wasn't even naked or in her undies
It's called... They didn't want the game to have an AO rating, so she had a bra on.
I think it should.
It's like Showgirls on VH1.
Have you ever watched... I posted something on Tumblr a while back.
And if someone can... Ranma, if you can find it on my Tumblr, relink it.
It's the romance scenes in Mass Effect 2 done with Flycam.
So you can see all the little rendering cheats that they did and how Garrus' hand goes right through the middle of her chest and everything.
It's really funny.
Okay.
Hey OLR, I'm writing you from my phone so please excuse my lack of form slash grammar slash bad spelling lack of bad spelling?
Why would I complain?
or anything else that relates to improper use of the English language
It looks like Ranma says he got it, by the way, that code earlier.
And BlackWolf says, well, sorry, podcast listeners.
Guess you aren't a part of this.
Well, how about this?
I have another code, and this is a code for Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet.
Oh, I can't do it this way because then somebody who's listening live is going to go to the podcast as soon as it comes out and pull this code out of it.
So I have to think of a way to give this code away.
I have a code for Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet that was generously donated by Peeker Uno.
Huh?
Email.
Email?
Random picked email.
Random picked email?
All right.
Fair enough.
Send an email.
Send an email.
How about if you are the 15th?
All right.
Send an email to mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com and tell us how jealous you are that the live listeners get all the good giveaways.
Tell us about your insane jealousy and you may win Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet.
We will give it to the, what, 15th person to email.
Or whoever's the most fucked up.
No, because you can't say that.
That's too vague.
You have to have a definitive answer.
The 470th person.
No.
We will say the 15th email and if for whatever reason 15 people don't email us... We'll randomly draw one.
Then we'll randomly draw one.
So there you go.
Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet on the Xbox 360 just for the podcast listeners.
I have two questions for you tonight.
First, is there a way to stream the show from an Android device?
And if so, how does one go about setting that up?
Well, first of all, you sell your phone and get an iPhone.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
The stream to show via an Android device, you go to vognetwork.com.
The good news is the website's in HTML5, so you actually should be able to, and this works just for the record on iPhone as well, you should be able to go to the site and just hit play, and it'll work.
If for whatever reason that doesn't work, there is an app, and I know it's on iPhone.
I'm pretty sure they wrote this for Android as well.
It's called TuneIn, and that will allow you to listen live.
I actually listened to Under Station Live last night from the gym.
Yes, by the way, I joined a gym, which is a whole other story I'll have to get into at some point.
But I actually listen to Understation Live on TuneIn.
Okay.
So, I don't recall ever hearing anything about how one goes to set this up.
One email per person, you smart-ass listeners.
I will check your IP.
I don't recall ever hearing anything about streaming since you switched to VOG.
Please provide any... Okay, we already did all that.
Okay, second, what do you believe to be the main cause of rhythm gaming collapsing?
And we'll be seeing a return to the genre soon.
Well, anything that goes down has to come back up.
Some people attribute it to Guitar Hero oversaturating the market while others point the finger at Rock Band for their spamming of DLC which separates friends who have more money to spend on games than others who don't necessarily have as much disposable income.
I've been playing Guitar Hero since the third one and Rock Band since Rock Band 2 and I've watched the community decline steadily and now it's a very small and tight-knit community.
That's all fine and dandy because you get closer with a regular group of friends, but now it's a sad state of affairs because neither Guitar Hero nor Rock Band have any games coming out.
I'm not counting Blitz because it's not a main series game.
I have an answer.
Stubbornness killed the music game franchise.
Konami's unwillingness to support the franchise killed it.
We went how many years without a DDR game in the arcades?
And one might say, oh, well, arcades were dying, or oh, well, it wasn't successful enough so they would have made another one.
Bull to the shit, because the problem with that logic is that you're pretending that America didn't import all of those games.
Like, did you know you're not supposed to have a Max 2 in America?
That was never released.
Max, never released.
Extreme, never released.
That's the problem.
Konami of Japan did not believe in the franchise.
And when they would make the games here, most of the time they were half-assed when they were coming from Konami of Japan.
There were two people slash groups that believed in Dance Dance Revolution and the Mimani series in general at Konami.
One of them was Jason Enos.
Without him...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
that's the shit that should have been in the arcades those would have been great American DDR releases and we say this with our own personal bias having been in the scene as long as we have been but isn't DDR pretty wildly popular in the arcades with the ones that actually have X and X2
I mean, I'm out of the scene.
I have not been playing the game anymore.
And if I'm going to pick anything, I'm going to go back to basically Extreme and Below and a couple of gyms from afterwards.
But let's not kid ourselves.
Isn't DDR still doing pretty damn good now that it actually has an American song list?
Well enough, I think, although the home releases seem to have dried up quite a bit.
D.D.R.
I would definitely tend to agree that DDR introducing me to Dance Mania is probably one of the best things for my last decade of music.
Just lastly, real quick, I'm sorry.
The last thing I want to say on this is that the other thing that really screwed them, Guitar Hero was only a rampant success because Konami was too stubborn to realize those games would work here and they would have never paid for the licensing.
Who made the first Guitar Hero?
Harmonix.
But who did they team up with to get that done?
Who planted the seed?
Great, Red Octane.
What started Red Octane?
What kind of company was Red Octane?
DDR pads.
And Guitar Freaks, third-party Guitar Freaks controllers.
And these mysterious third-party Guitar Freaks controllers with five buttons.
Yeah, the saga of Red Octane for us is pretty sad.
My Guitar Freaks controllers were in the background when we did the thing at my house with the news.
And what happened when Rock Revolution came out?
It was dismissed as a shitty-ass guitar hero clone and why?
The song list sucked butthole because it was a bunch of bad covers.
And that was a very clear indication that Konami of Japan was not willing to put the investment or the risk.
And in order to get rewards, you have to take a risk.
Konami of Japan was not willing to do that.
Therefore, Bomani died.
To finish reading the email, if...
Go ahead.
Yeah, this will spiral out of control because I have a few agreements and disagreements, but absolutely.
Those of us who are still playing regularly new instruments because all of ours keep breaking over time due to wear, we're unable to find them anywhere short of eBay for less than $100 for a damn guitar.
Dimple.
It's a used movie and game and records and stuff.
I find guitars are all the time on the cheap and usually in great condition, and all of mine are still in perfect shape because...
You have to clean them out and take good care of them.
But other than that, you know.
This is thanks for answering.
Sorry for ranting.
SonicM88.
P.S.
I wish I could listen live at work tonight.
Brownie.
That's it.
The only thing I wanted to interject is that, as far as I know, Rock Revolution was a mostly Japanese-developed license acquisition, was responsible by the Japanese Konami outfit, and the music culture in Japan is ridiculously different from America, and so for them to take that something original, put it on us, put it on the common American base, and be surprised at the failure,
to me from the limited amount of knowledge that I have it already makes sense that I could just say well you're not making an American game you're making a Japanese game and pushing it in America in something as cultural as music that's a pretty big deal
Alright, anyway, we could spend more time talking about this, but we did already spend five years talking about it.
So, was that it for emails?
Alright, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com if you want to send us an email in the future.
I guess what's funny, I guess, because the live listeners are complaining that the stream went down, which is weird because I don't see the timeout that usually comes up when that happens, but I guess maybe a little hiccup.
I guess what happened, I said, Bomani died, and as soon as I said died is when the stream went down.
It's almost like the watchful eye of Konami Japan just fucking pulled the plug on my internet when I said that.
How dare you?
But we know it's just because Comcast sucks.
Alright.
After the mailbag comes the FUs of the week, so let us get a little bit ranty.
We usually start the FUs with DarkSakura, but she ran out of the studio for a minute, so I'll start with the other lady.
We'll let the other ladies first tonight.
Bri, do you have an FU of the week tonight?
I don't think I do right now.
FU for being too nice.
I might think of something.
All right, then how about Jason?
The other half.
F you to forgetting a coat and anything else at home, because it was ridiculously cold in the bay last night.
It sucked to walk.
Fuck the bay.
It's like 105 degrees here, and you're like, I need a jacket.
And I think I had something else, but eh.
Loki.
F you to being burnt out at work.
My FU of the week goes to my abs and Extifer for showing me that little ab machine.
Extifer convinced me to join a gym because I actually... There's a lot to be inspired about with Extifer because Extifer used to be a big boy and he lost a lot of weight through a pretty intense program at the gym over the course of like a year.
So I just...
I don't know, I'm kind of at the point where I'm like, you know, I would like to lose a few pounds too.
So I joined a gym and he showed me how to use the little ab machine and it really hurt the next day.
These things are evil, aren't they?
Also, F you to that.
It's not a Stairmaster, but it's like this escalator that never ends type of thing.
That thing's a little fucker.
What gym are you going to?
24 Hour.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I had a better experience there than at the one you were recommending previously, but that's alright.
Okay.
Different strokes for different folks.
Alright.
Well, um, my F you?
Uh-huh.
First of all, these chips are fucking delicious, but peppery.
And, um...
The car accident, my lower back for hurting like a bitch after my adjustment.
And the rental car that I have.
I like that the stereo has the Bluetooth hookup for the phone, but I miss my car and I don't like being blown around like a leaf in the wind on the freeway because it's so lightweight.
I would rather have had a Corolla S than a baseline Corolla.
I feel like I'm driving a mommy car.
Oh yeah, one more.
F you to BurgerTime for reminding me of how bad I suck at classic arcade games and viewing angles.
Alright, Tigerclaw in our chatroom asks a very good question.
This is a very good question about the whole gym thing.
Tigerclaw says, Rob, when you went to the gym, when you went into the gym wasn't intimidating.
And I have to admit that's part of what held me back for the longest time is that I just the whole like doing that in public type of thing and like people looking at each other in the gym.
I was a little weirded out by that whole thing at first which is why for the longest time like I wouldn't go, right?
But finally it just kind of hit me like this whole thing like
What am I going to see any of these assholes outside the gym?
I'm not going to see these people anywhere else.
Whatever.
I'm just going to go and be in my own little world and listen to my headphones.
And if these people want to stare, then let them stare because I'm hot.
And that's pretty much where I ended up with.
Also, it really helped that when I went to the gym for the first time, I definitely saw people uglier than me.
And that helped a lot, actually, in a very superficial kind of way.
Right?
Am I right, Jamie?
It's a relief to go in the gym and see people uglier than you, right?
Sometimes.
But the gym that I go to actually has a lot of track and ROTC people there.
But they're doing the harder intensity stuff, and I'm like, I'm just going to walk over here.
Thank you.
I do the rowing machine now, though.
Tigerclaw says, or nervous, because you walk in there and you see a bunch of muscle-bound dudes working out, and they see a weakling walk into the gym.
Hey, why did you just call me?
No, I don't.
But if the muscle-bound dudes are looking at me and they're judging me, then they're checking me out.
And that's their issue.
Sorry, I'm hot.
Well, you know what I would do?
Dan has a big thing for the circuit training.
They have this big circle thing where they do circuit training.
I'd go hang out in the dude section and lift weights.
because I have a weak ankle and I can't really do much of that.
So I just go lift weights with the dudes and I get weird looks, but I don't care.
Fuck them.
There just comes a point in your life where you just... I'm really not interested in them, thank you.
There just comes a point in your life where you have to say, hi, haters, you know, and just deal with it.
Deal with me.
All right.
Monty Boggs says, people in gym, a new challenger approaches.
I'll let you guys know how it goes
Dear chatroom, keep reminding Rob.
Thank you.
I already got a text message from Christopher today.
So, did you go?
And I'm like, yes, I went on Saturday night.
Thank you very much.
I'm a real winner.
I go to the gym on Saturday night.
I didn't go to the club or the bar.
I went to the gym.
And then pizza on Sunday.
And then I ate so much pizza on Sunday.
But see, here's the thing, Jason.
I would have eaten that pizza anyway.
So...
There's usually a good diet to go along with these kind of things, but eh.
DarkTetsuya says, instead of listening to USL, no, I just said the tune-in app.
I listened to the first hour of USL from the gym, and I know that DarkSakura talked about the Rocky rehearsal, and I know that Travis talked at length about the Mars landing and how happy he was about that whole thing and how he made the graphics during OLR.
Ha!
Alright.
Anyhow.
Somebody needs to take these chips away from me.
They're freaking good.
Okay.
Yes.
Someone in chat was asking your chips what brand and such they were.
I told them, but it's Trader Joe's rice and bean chips with adzuki beans, and they're very peppery.
All right, let's do it.
It's already past 9 o'clock, and we haven't even gotten to calls.
So let's do these last few stories pretty quickly here.
And I've got to do Twitter topics as well here.
So, Loki.
So more Zynga news.
Of course, they're worried that people are going to start flocking away from the company.
So what are they doing to try to retain some of those employees?
They're giving them free stock.
Free, worthless stock.
Fantastic.
There were some of those stories out there on one of those websites.
I can't remember the name, but some of the stories from actual employees and just about how the stock that they were given to work those long hours has just plummeted.
It's actually kind of sad because as much as I can't stand Zynga and the games they put out,
That's not a problem I have with the line-level employees, so to speak.
The people that are actually doing the art or the programming or all that.
It's the way that company is managed and the way they make some decisions.
I bet there's some very talented people at Zynga that would like to do something original, but they can't.
I know there's some talented people there.
Some of my friends work there.
They're very talented individuals and artists, but I can't see their talent being utilized at all at this company, which is why I kind of feel bad.
Everyone talks about how evil they are, which is an evil company, but it's not like those artists are evil or the programmers are evil.
It's just that the decisions are evil.
So there you go.
All right.
Is that it for that story?
Wow, that was quick.
I said quick, and you said you did it.
All right.
Then lastly, I'll do this one real quick.
This is an eBay.
This was brought up earlier.
An eBay auction that has a lot of people turning their heads.
And this is a guy who's basically selling his whole damn life on eBay for $3.5 million.
A 29-year-old who owns  which, first off, props to him for establishing $3.5 million worth of stuff at age 29.
That's 
I'm older than 29 and I'm not even worth a tenth of that.
I think I saw on a website the other day, orangeloungeradio.com is valued at about $1,500.
Yes!
This guy made $3.5 million.
I could ask $1,000. $1,000.
and I'd have to split that three ways really four because it's Jason's site and Dekeman designed it five anyhow all kidding aside this guy is selling on eBay 3.5 million dollars his entire basically assets all his homes his automobiles the collectibles and so forth he's the owner of RU Game which is an independent retailer it's in Gainesville Tampa and Brandon Florida and
We have a couple listeners in Florida.
I don't know if there's any in that area.
But he owns these few stores.
And I love the little derpy Mario that's in the videos.
There's like this guy in a derp derp Mario costume.
Whatever.
Anyway, he says he'll even hang around for six months to help the new owner.
He didn't really say why he's doing it.
It might have been in the video, but I wasn't going to watch the whole thing.
It's because he wants to just start his next thing or whatever that is.
So it's like, I want to start my life over.
We are starting over.
Maybe he's Buddhist.
Maybe.
Who knows?
But anyway, he's selling the whole thing off.
No words yet if there are any serious bidders or whatever.
But you know what?
I say hats off to this guy.
Because a lot of people think it's fake and it's just for publicity.
And in which case I say, hats off to you, dude.
Because you got covered on every game blog this week with this little story.
And you know this industry.
They need to run something every day on the websites.
So this was like the best commercial you could ever not buy.
I tip my hat to you.
Doesn't RU Games sound like it might be a place to buy Russian import games, though?
When I first saw the name, I kind of thought, oh, RU Games.
It's like a Russian game store.
I thought that that's... I think of a stupid Facebook game.
I work in an industry that works with these types of stores.
You would not believe how many generic-sounding game stores there are out there.
It's like, yeah, I'd like to make my game store.
It's called...
I'm trying to remember what it was like.
It's something like GameStop, but it wasn't GameStop.
It was very close.
GameYield.
GameGo.
Go game.
No, it was like Go GameStop or something like that.
Oh, wow.
What?
Why are you naming things?
Wait, Go GameStop.
That's kind of... Or like, you know, video game center, game store, the game place.
I named the game store the Danone.
Did you know that?
Oh, really?
Game on.
That ended up being a show, right?
Well, this was years ago.
Game Shop.
I've seen that.
There's Game Trader that uses the same text and colors.
Monty Boggs in our chatroom at live.vognetwork.com answered the question, Yes, I am game.
Are you movie?
I'm sorry, I found that response to be hilarious.
Like, I just want to walk into the store.
Why, yes I am, game.
Are you a movie?
Well, here's the thing, too.
He's even admitted, even if it doesn't sell, or he doesn't get a buyer for it, it's great advertising for my store.
Because he got all these blogs talking about this store.
Props to you and your derpy-ass Mario mascot guy.
You know, Nintendo might see that and get a little upset.
Just saying.
What are they going to do?
Take down the articles?
I want to see derpy Mario fight Mario mascot.
Maybe in the next Smash Brothers.
Dr. Mario vs. Derpy Mario Ermagerd Ermagerd Mushrooms Ermagerd Mr. Mario Ermagerd Mushrooms If that doesn't just epitomize this episode Ermagerd Zelda Sheik Sigh
Orange Lounge Derpio, according to the chat room.
Thank you.
Thank you, guys.
All right.
Let's go to the Skype line.
We're going to open it up now.
1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype is Orange Lounge Radio.
We can't wait to take your call.
In the meantime, we'll do some last minute stories.
I'll do a couple of these quick tweets here.
Let's see.
Gamer Girl was responding a little late to the Facebook question on Twitter.
I think she's being ironic.
First game that ever shocked me was God of War when you go into the ship's cabin and you get to do the girls for more orbs.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Sex and in my God of War.
Yeah.
Shocking.
That just happened.
But in a good way.
Yeah.
Ooh, I can't believe that just happened.
Oh, we have a phone call.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Who else?
What?
Ranma.
What's up, everyone?
Hey, how you doing?
Ran-chan.
Oh, hey, Ook-chan.
Sup?
Not much.
Sup?
Just chilling, enjoying good stuff.
Oh, I have a funny, interesting little story.
I'm chilling.
I'm watching My Little Pony.
Just kicking back.
That's what's up.
That's how I roll.
All right, what's up?
I have a funny little story to have a nice, interesting story about Microsoft and I'll be on my merry little way.
Okay.
First story is, oddly enough, if it wasn't for Raijan, I wouldn't be a fan of the show and I wouldn't be pestering you guys for all these years.
Oh, so you are a fan of OLR, thanks to Raichan.
Yes, because me and Raichan, we go back like 10 plus years, hanging out on a forum site called WBS.net.
Can you hold on a minute?
Yeah, yeah.
God damn you!
You ruined everything!
Oh shit, was I not on mute?
Hey Rob, can you scream a little louder?
I don't think the dead heard you You know what's funny?
Apparently right when I screamed, the internet went out again Which isn't, you're still on Skype, so I don't think that's possible, whatever Alright, so anyway, that'll be one for the pod And the podcast listeners supposedly don't get any love Anyway, sorry, where were we?
I'll just explain how I became a fan of the show Yes, please
I mean, I'm just chatting online one day, and she just IMs me on ICQ.
She's like, are you into, like, be mining DDR?
I was like, yeah.
And she's like, check this out.
What was your number on ICQ?
You just aged everything 10 years when you brought up ICQ.
Well, we're already on a 10-year delay.
I still have my ICQ number.
I'm still logged onto it right now.
My number is 10719559.
Uh-oh.
That was my old boss's message tone.
Uh-oh.
It was everybody's on ICQ.
No, I mean on her phone.
Ew.
Okay, so she messaged you on ICQ and your computer went, uh-oh.
Yeah, pretty much.
And then everybody in OLR went, uh-oh.
Was that right?
And then everybody in OLR went, uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Oh, that was great.
Oh, wait, here we go, here we go, here we go.
This is great.
Oh, that's the sound I make every time.
Oh, look, the phone's lighting up and it's Ranma.
I wonder if there's somebody out there that has their ringtone or text message for their phone.
Actually, that's sound effect.
How about the ICQ sound remix that apparently exists out there?
Oh, God.
OT Payne Is this dubstep?
Not yet, not enough screeching.
Okay, anyway.
Hi Ranma, what's new?
I'm sorry?
That's a notorious S-K-I-E, huh?
Black Wolf says the ICQ song needs to go into rotation.
Take a vote on it right now.
Looks like Dark Tetsuya voted for it too, so I think that passes.
We're going to get that in the VOG stream.
ICQ remix, coming soon.
Ranma, anything else you wanted to share with us?
I think I overran my time, so I'm going to get up and out of here.
Love you, mean it.
sure you do, you've made it for every bullet so far man, love you too uh oh I'm out bye it is strange how well some people's voices lend them to recreate sounds like that people, I don't know if I've ever really been pitchy on the show I don't know if I've ever really been pitchy on the show I know I've laughed pretty high pitched a couple times tonight but I would never have expected you to be able to recreate that tone, ever
Oh god.
Dude.
Hi-ho, Kermit the E-Frog here.
Do I really want to go into an inside joke like that?
Probably not.
No, you don't want to go into an inside joke like that.
It's not on air.
Live radio.
It's moments like these where I can only think of this.
Inside joke.
Call Hold on, we got a call coming in?
Here we go, here we go Oh hi, who's this?
Hello?
Hello?
No, that's terrible Who is this?
It's Shane Hey Shane, what's up?
Nothing.
I just realized that I can't really plug Horde House this week because I won't be on it.
So did you call into my other radio show just to tell me that?
Yes.
I already figured that out actually earlier when I was doing the math.
Well, I didn't.
So I thought you should be the first to know.
Well, thank you for that important announcement.
Hey, guess what, y'all?
Shane will not be on Horde House this week.
In other news, this is the week to listen to Horde House.
Is that all you called in to talk about?
What?
Is that all you called in to talk about?
It's pretty, and the combat's fun, and it's also free to play once you buy it, and the combat's fun Did you say it's free to play once you buy it?
Yeah, like there's no monthly fee.
No subscription.
Yeah, I got that.
So it's similarly different to World of Warcraft.
You stole my word.
You're full of hate tonight.
It's a good problem.
Ah, that's great.
I learned from you, Shane.
I learned from you.
And since you're not going to be on Horde House this week, I had to make up for it.
Clearly.
When am I not full of hate?
All right.
I don't know.
You're extra hateful tonight.
So are you allowed to talk about where you're at right now or should I not talk about that on air?
Why is it confidential?
I don't know.
I don't know either.
I'm asking you.
Why is it confidential?
Because of the nature of your work now?
I don't know.
No.
I'm up in Redmond, Washington training at Nintendo there.
Woo!
Are you having fun?
The Pacific Northwest is really beautiful.
I haven't been to Redmond specifically, but I love Seattle.
Seattle's great.
Should go back for PAX.
Is that really next week?
No.
PAX is over Labor Day weekend again.
It's the same time as DragonCon.
That's like three weeks.
Oh, I don't know.
I can't go.
That's too much money.
But I would love to now.
I always want to go to PAX if it's up here.
August 31 through September 2nd.
That's what, three weeks away?
That's the same time as DragonCon.
Yeah, usually they overlap.
Well, Redmond is like a little village inside a forest.
It's beautiful.
A little village inside a forest.
How far are you from Seattle?
Like 30 minutes?
Oh, that's further than I would have thought.
Yeah.
Well, that's how long the cab ride took, the $81 cab ride.
I didn't pay for it, so I don't care.
It was in a hundred and ten.
That's fine, I will do that.
How is Reggie exciting?
I don't even remember that.
So, okay, if I meet Mario tomorrow, like actual Mario, not Charles Martinette, I'll let you know.
Or Derpy Mario.
I don't know if you've been listening to the show.
Derpy Mario doesn't count.
But the Derpy Mario from Florida might show up.
I don't know.
You know what?
In fact, I think you need to report Derpy Mario, actually.
I'm going to help you out.
You need to put that in a feedback box somewhere.
If there's a suggestion box on the wall, please arrest Derpy Mario in Tampa, Florida.
Well, I would need some sort of like proof of derpy Mario.
The picture is on Kotaku.
Alright, I'll email you the link.
Alright, I gotta let you go to get some more calls.
Anything else?
No, my whole studio...
Hotel Room is powered by a key card that I have to plug into the wall and if I take it away it turns everything off.
It's weird.
Those hotels are actually really nice.
Yeah, it's $300 a night, apparently.
Wow, it's like, I don't know, it's like guy from middle of nowhere Kansas ends up in the big city or the village in the forest where you have to plug things into walls in order to get power.
It's weird.
You have to make power.
They're using like a freaking water thing.
What are those called?
Those water wheel things?
Hydroelectric power?
Sure, there we go.
Alright, I will talk to you later, Shane.
Take care.
Goodbye.
Bye.
Alright, let's try to fit in at least one more call for the night before we say goodnight.
Hi, on Orange Silence Radio, who's this?
Hey guys, it's Porkchop.
Hey, Porkchop, how you doing?
Not bad.
All you guys who are all knowing, I heard you talk about the Move, and I'm just wondering, I'm thinking of buying it, but what exactly can I do with it?
I mean, I have a couple of games I can use it with, but is there anything else that I could really do with it that's worthwhile?
I'm sorry, but all I have to say is, and I know this is a radio show, but your Skype picture is cracking me the hell up.
I am glad.
I didn't think you could see it before, but I'm glad you can see it now.
Yes, yeah, we can all see it here in studio and it's cracking me up because to describe it for listeners at home, he's literally wearing a tinfoil hat that makes him look like... It's a tinfoil helmet.
It's a tinfoil helmet.
He looks like a superhero or something, but he looks like... Sir Tin, a foil.
Yes, it's a very phallic foily head that he's got there.
Sir Reynolds of rap.
It's like a metallic luchador.
Yes, a metallic.
Thank you.
He's a metallic luchador.
But the expression on his face is like, hey.
He's like the happy luchador.
Hey.
I'm a body slam you now.
Anyhow.
Episode 469, people.
Thank you.
You should get the PlayStation Move and play it in that helmet and upload those videos to SingStar.
You would be the number one ranked player in the world within weeks.
I would do that just for you.
Seeing as you ask so nicely, I would do that if I can get SingStar.
No problem.
And please make sure it's SingStarAba.
All right, Loki, you have some suggestions.
What could he do with the move?
Well, there's, I mean, all their first-person shooter games support the move, and they have also their gun thing, I don't remember what it's called, but they've got that as well.
Sports Champions is pretty fun with the move.
Also, apparently, Child of Eden's really good with the move.
They've got some move-exclusive games, but they're kind of just so-so.
I don't know.
Thanks for watching!
Let me put it this way.
A lot of that move stuff is probably really discounted right now.
So you can probably take a pretty good look through a dump bin somewhere or a discount bin at any one of these stores and find a bunch of that move stuff.
But yeah, I'd say probably Sports Champions is really good.
Although, if you want to wait, Sports Champions 2 is coming out.
I don't know if it has some of the... I think it has some of the same events in there.
But I mean, it's got frisbee golf.
That's kind of fun.
I played the archery.
Archery is really cool.
How is LittleBigPlanet's move implementation?
It's supposed to be pretty good.
They've got a lot of new stuff with that.
LittleBigPlanet 2 would be a good one.
If you like heavy rain hazard, I don't know how good that would be.
Yeah, I got that.
You can use it as a mouse.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
You could basically pretend you're playing Wii games that work.
Yeah.
Well, I got Heavy Rain and I got Resident Evil 5, so I think that should pretty much keep me going until I can pick up some other ones.
That sounds pretty good.
Sounds like a lot of stuff you're going to find in the clearance bin pretty soon, unfortunately.
But hey, however you can find the deal, right?
I picked them up cheap anyway.
But yeah, Singstar Abba.
That's on my list.
All right.
As it should be on everybody's list.
It's fun.
All right.
Poor Chop, before I let you go so we can close up the show, anything else on your mind tonight?
Yes, Konami, if you fuck up Zone of the Ender's HD collection, I will fucking kill you.
In that helmet.
Yeah, he will wear that helmet.
Professor Chaos!
That's it.
You need a battle axe made out of tinfoil.
Oh my god.
I just need a special move now.
Wait, wait, wait.
I have to say it because over here it's aluminum, there is an aluminum...
Really?
We just say tinfoil.
Why make it so damn complicated?
We don't give a shit.
Cover your food with it.
That's it.
Tinfoil.
Tinfoil.
Make hats.
Make axes.
Whatever.
I love it.
All right, Porkchop, I've got to let you go to close-up shop.
Have a good one, buddy.
Stay frosty, guys.
Will do.
Bye.
I love the listeners.
Oh wait, no, I'm closing up Sky.
I'm sorry if you didn't get through, but it's like 9.30 already.
And I want a milkshake.
We need to wrap up here and get out of here.
What?
Milkshake.
Does it bring all the boys to the yard?
I don't care.
It brings fat to my butt.
It's the Dark Sakura version.
Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.
No!
No!
God, you're awful.
No.
La, la, la, la, la, la.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Thank you for YouTube ads.
All right, here we go.
Here we go.
Unmute me.
My milkshake brings all my fat to the butt.
And I'm like, damn right, it's fat on my butt.
They all want me when I walk into the gym like this Damn right I went to Pinkberry And I was like, yo super size You can't have mine And there's your singing for episode 469
Is there a meme we haven't covered?
Okay.
Oh, I think I need to do... I need to do Twitter topics.
Are you feeling a little emotional, Rob?
I'm so emotional, baby.
You had to bring Whitney into this.
Can't you let that poor woman rest in peace?
Never.
Damn.
She's still got a movie coming out, all right?
All right, look, quickly.
She's dead and got a movie coming out.
It's amazing what they can do with technology.
All right, look, tweets.
First off, Tiger Club.
They actually tried that with Bruce Lee.
And Tupac.
Alright, uh, by the- Great.
Travis is inviting me on Under Station Live next week and do White Boy Sing Along.
Why not?
Sure.
All right.
Tiger Claw tweets us, and you'll be interested in this, a fan-made Mass Effect adventure game.
What?
That surfaces.
Is that the Mass Effect universe?
It's called Finding Shepard, and it's on the Adventure Game Studios.
It's created by one of the users on the forums, Night Fable.
Finding Shepard, it's in progress right now, but it's set in the Mass Effect universe directly following Mass Effect 3.
It assumes that you took the Destroy ending.
That's all we're going to say about that.
What's cool about this game, if you kind of look at some of the early screenshots, it looks like a LucasArts game or something.
That's kind of rad.
Better have Chick Shep.
Do you press S for Shepard?
Shepard!
Shepard!
Shepard!
Shepard!
You seem to have Mass Effect confused with Heavy Rain.
Alright.
Let's see.
TigerClaw also sends us one more tweet about how GameStop is one of the worst places to work in America.
It's just number 10.
Duh.
Is it really?
It's only number 10?
Yeah, it's number 10.
Actually, I had pulled this up.
Number 1 is Dish Network.
Number 2 is Dillard's.
Number 3 is RadioShack.
Number 4 is Perch.
Number 5 is OfficeMaxx.
Number 6 is Sears slash Kmart Number 7 is Robert Half International, which I have no idea who they are Kmart is tough to work for because you have to work with mummies Number 8 is Hewlett Packard Number 9 is Rite Aid And number 10 is GameStop Followed by Bank of New York Mellon Sears slash Kmart?
Was that a tie or are they the same company?
They're the same company Kmart and Sears had a merger Sears Holdings Oh, I imagine that
some tweets from JV Mon who wants to plug his best friend made some paper craft Legend of Zelda which is available as posters on Etsy I gotta admit some of these are really cute they're kind of the phantom hourglass style that's cute you should plug that in the chat room because that link's a little long for me to read on air but it's on Etsy just search paper craft Zelda I guess and oh he sends a tweet with more pictures that one's really cute I like the Mario one
Jack, Miranda, and Drew
Last Minute Thoughts Final Thoughts
I cry from laughing way too much.
Ryan, thank you so much.
You made it, finally, to a show.
Yay, finally.
And I'm with Jason.
My head hurts and I've been laughing so hard I was crying earlier.
All the feels.
Is that your final thought tonight?
I think so.
Alright, well thank you for being here and please come back again sometime.
And I swear I'll get you a better mic next time.
Alright, let's see.
DarkSakura, your final thought tonight.
I want a kitten, but Shermie's too fat and would sit on her.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
I drink too much water.
And my final thought tonight is la la la la la.
Thank you guys so much.
I thought your final thought would have been uh oh.
Uh oh.
That's what happens when you drink too much water.
Uh-oh!
See, that sounds like either ICQ or lemmings.
That's what happens when I eat at Chipotle.
Uh-oh!
Alright.
Followed by...
Oh, I'm so glad we could have a poop joke before the show was over.
Thank you, Loki.
We've already had dick.
I'm sorry, alien dildo.
Really?
We got dick?
Where?
All right.
That's it.
We're done.
Thank you guys so much for downloading our show or listening to us live, however it is, and checking out.
Thank you for participating with Orange Lounge Radio.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
So, please, tell a friend or five about the show.
Spread the word.
iTunes, Stitcher Radio, whatever the kids use these days to listen to podcasts.
The podcast app on iTunes, whatever.
Listen to the show.
Spread the word.
Tell a friend.
Thank you very much for being here.
And I guess we'll come back next week to do it all again.
How's that sound?
I guess.
Hooray.
Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you next time here at Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune in to VOGnetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week!
Oh, hey there.
A quick footnote.
We just don't want the party to stop, y'all.
We forgot to do this during the live show, so we're going to attach this on here at the very end.
We just had so much stuff that was being given away tonight between that code that the emailer had and then the code that you were going to email us for.
We forgot to announce who's going to win this and get Bradley's bag of PAX shit that he got.
That's right.
That's the sound of the bag.
So now you're getting a bag of PAX stuff that's been fondled by Jason.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
But just Murderface.
Somebody you could take home to mom.
There you go.
Really weird looking dude.
So now we're really ending the party.
Thank you for staying all the way to the very, very bitter end, podcasties.
Congratulations, William Huggleface.
I'm going to change his name temporarily.
And yeah, that's it.
On to your next podcast.
Bye.
