Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, March the 16th of 2008.
Happy St. Patrick's Day Eve to those of you out there.
Don't forget to wear green tomorrow, or don't forget to wear green three days ago
if you're listening on the podcast because you guys get a little late.
But hey, that's just part of the perks of listening live to us every Sunday night
when we tape over at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
We have a chat room full of people who are doing that right now.
And for all you guys, whether it be live, syndicated, or podcast,
we're going to get back into the gaming news, aren't we, Loki?
Yes.
And if you live in the United States, you're probably looking forward to some pretty cool games
coming out into the arcade, like Tekken 6.
You're never going to get to play Tekken 6 because it's never coming to the arcade in the U.S.
So if you want to play in the arcade, got to go to Japan or hopefully find an arcade that will import it for you.
So that kind of sucks.
Of which there are a few of those kind of places.
Like I think of that one place we always used to go to in L.A.
Yeah.
What was that, Arcade Infinity? Is that what it's called?
Yeah.
Apparently there are a few places that are importing them.
There's a place in Houston, I guess, that also has a Tekken 6 machine.
But they're not going to be widely available like, you know, most fighting games are.
Go to an Amco arcade, they'll have it.
You think?
I'm pretty sure, because when I worked for Aladdin's Castle and Cyberstation,
we had like the super deluxe Tekken, this is when Tekken 3 came out.
But we had them well before everybody else did.
But that was a U.S. release, right?
Well, right, but we had them for months before they were allowed in any other arcade.
My curiosity is, though, is I almost wonder if the opposite wouldn't be true,
is that since this game won't come out in the U.S.,
the Namco arcades wouldn't support them.
I don't know.
I would think that they're going to have one or two.
Hmm.
I really think that the bigger Namco locations would have one.
Well, we'll see what happens.
Regardless, that kind of does suck, though.
I mean, to hear that a new Tekken game is coming out in the arcades is not...
That pisses me off!
Well, that's sad.
But that's where arcades are going.
It's not... That shows you how lucrative arcades are right now.
It's sad.
That makes my heart hurt.
Usagi's in chat and says,
Man, I have three gamers in this room with me,
and they all gave me a dirty look when they got the news about Tekken 6.
Sorry, guys. We don't write the news. We just report it.
I would say write your cards and letters to Namco.
Let them know you want to see this game in the U.S.
and that you would spend money on it.
Say Namco, we don't need any more fucking Pac-Man.
Bring us Tekken 6. Thank you.
Yeah, and phrase it just like that and see how far that gets you.
Alright.
That makes me very, very sad.
I'm sorry, are you going to write a letter?
Are you going to go there and run them over with a tank?
Haha!
Alright.
Moving on to what's hopefully a little bit happier news.
I don't know.
Gran Turismo 5, the prologue version.
Finally, some more information about that for the U.K.
We had some information about the U.S. last week,
but now we have some more information for the U.K.
It's going to be on the European PlayStation Store on March 27th,
followed immediately the very next day by a version on Blu-ray.
So yes, you can buy the prequel to a game that will be coming out on Blu-ray... whatever.
You all know the deal with Gran Turismo 5 prologue at this point.
The game will be coming out on that day,
and the price that you will pay for it is...
£24.99.
That's £24.99 pounds sterling in the U.K.
That's about $50 U.S.
That's just because the U.S. dollar sucks.
I might be at this point. I don't know.
It really is.
That still kind of sucks.
Everyone's like,
Oh, stuff's so much more expensive in the U.K.
No, our dollar just really sucks. That's all.
Also, there's the Europe PS3 bundle.
They're actually getting a bundle that has prologue in it.
£299 for that on March 28th.
We talked about that last week.
That's right.
Just want to remind.
They should have a little underscore on that.
You know, saying,
Get you ready for the full game when it finally comes out,
and we'll sell it to you for $60,
and you'll buy it because you are...
£60, which translates to, you know, $100 American, probably.
So...
Yeah, at that time, it would be like $6 billion American.
Well, for those loyal Tekken fans like me here over in the U.S.,
Tekken 5 Dark Resurrection Online players are going to be getting an update
that allows the DualShock 3 support.
So...
Yay.
It also will have some different online tweaks,
like a one-on-one pickup match,
some updates to the lobby,
and some of your ranking updates, that type of thing.
I'm like, okay.
Well, I guess that's kind of cool.
I mean, you know, considering, you know,
most people were missing Rumble pretty badly,
now the fact that they're going to bring it back, I guess...
I don't know, is it too little, too late, though?
Maybe.
I mean, do you think there'll be a lot of people that go back and say,
oh, I'm going to run back and play Tekken 5 because I can have Rumble now?
It's worth a try,
especially if you don't have to really, you know, pay anything for it.
I don't think anyone's going to really go back and play those games
just because they didn't have Rumble.
You know what, though?
Then again, I think about myself,
and I actually went back and played...
Do you remember that game Crystal Quest
that came out on Xbox Live like a year ago?
You know they did an upgrade to that not that long ago?
They had upgraded a game that added some type of combo meter in it,
so I went back and played the game to see if the combo meter was exciting.
I played about half a game, then I quit.
Because I was like, uh...
This game was much cooler when it was like originally on the Apple in two colors,
white and black.
It lost something along the way, I'm not sure what.
I liked it back when it was on the PC,
in like magenta and cyan, yellow and black.
I never even played the PC version, I always...
Go CGA.
I always thought of it as a Mac game.
Oh, I don't know if it was on the PC, I just, you know, like CGA.
Oh, you made it up.
I made it up.
I see how you are.
See, I'm so cool.
Wasn't there also a CGA like that had like,
I think it was like red, yellow, and green?
Yeah, it was red, yellow, green, and blue, I think.
You either had like, you know, the printer colors,
or like, you know, the crayon colors, I don't know.
But, uh, let's see here.
This week, completely off topic from CGA graphics,
um, Street Fighter IV...
And thank God!
Street Fighter IV, full CGA graphics.
If we were reporting on a new game that supported CGA cutting-edge technology,
I'd be like, wow, that's kind of sad.
You know what I did play once in CGA?
Tangent, tangent!
I played a strip poker game in CGA once.
You remember those old school strip poker games they released for like the old systems?
Like, there was, like, they had strip poker on the Commodore 64 and all that stuff.
It was just basically these really pixelated pictures of women.
You know, they had a CGA version of that.
There was, I don't, I remember that my grandparents or something bought us a Muppets game or something like that.
And we thought it didn't work.
Because the intro screen, or because it was in CGA or whatever,
we couldn't see that it said press any key to continue,
because it was written in black text on black.
So it was like, um, okay.
So finally, like one day, I turned the contrast up all the way.
I'm like, hey, there's something written there!
And then I saw that and I hit the button and, wow, this game sucks!
Uh, and some folks in chat are asking what's CGA.
Again, CGA was the old school, like, PC color graphics adapter,
and it was when your monitors went from being monochromed to four colors.
And you could either have red, green, yellow, and black, or cyan, magenta, uh,
what am I missing?
Yellow?
Yellow and black? No, but it wasn't that though, was it?
White and black. It was cyan, magenta, white, and black.
Oh, you're right, you're right.
Okay, and then after CGA was EGA, extended graphics adapter, when it went up to 16 colors.
Then we had VGA.
And then VGA, 256.
And then S-VGA.
Super VGA, and pretty much everything you see now is some type of extension.
XGA, yeah.
All that crap, so.
There you have it, a little history lesson from your old friends at Orange Lounge Radio,
your ever-aging friends.
Hey, I remember playing on monochrome.
So anyways, to get back into the story here, um...
Yeah, Street Fighter IV for four colors, right?
Yeah, Street Fighter IV, four color edition.
Um, they're getting a brand new character, a lucha libre wrestler named El Frito, or
Forte, I don't know how you pronounce it.
His name is El Farto?
His name is El Farto. No, I believe it's Ferté? I don't know.
Wasn't that a Howard Stern character, Fartman, or something like that?
Yes, Fartman was a Howard Stern.
Do you think Howard Stern will sue Capcom?
No.
Okay.
No, he should be El Aso Wipo, which would be fucking awesome if that was the case.
Um, but yeah, he is basically, you know, luchador, and, you know, people are kind of comparing
him between, like, Vega and Rey Mysterio.
I don't know.
Looks neat.
I am, I don't know, not that excited about Street Fighter IV, unfortunately.
I was afraid they'd give us Rainbow Mika again.
You know what's funny? I tried, I...
I forced my wife to watch some lucha libre last night, just very briefly, because we
couldn't find anything on TV, so I'm like, okay, lucha libre, I'm gonna turn that on.
Yeah, I don't like it.
RossdielUT in chat says, oh yay, another piss-poor Hispanic stereotype.
Wrong, another piss-poor masked wrestler stereotype.
That's true, if he wears a mask, you don't necessarily know exactly what his name is.
You know what, they just...
He could be Asian.
Or it could be, like, the end of Metroid.
Ooh, a woman.
Who knows?
Here comes the mask.
Holy woman.
Alright, sorry, you had Star Chakra?
I'm just saying, we just need, like, a new All Japan Wrestling game or something.
An All Japan Wrestling game?
Well, this one, the wrestling leagues.
Or did All Japan go, or was it Fire that went out?
Fire Pro.
Fire Pro Wrestling, they actually had a new game that came out last year.
Because I really...
On PlayStation 2.
I really think that, you know, we need to, because a lot of the WWF games that come out,
or WWE games that come out over here, have all of the moves from some of Japan's best
wrestlers in it.
I was like, why don't they just do a game called Stereotypical Wrestler the Game?
Awesome.
And have it just be, I mean, and true, you wouldn't have your support of your, you know,
your WWE franchises and all that, but you have all these classic moves and stuff shoved
into it.
And instead of being stuck in, like, 2D fighter, like what was the old WrestleMania that was
out way back in the day, where you could play as The Undertaker back when he was still really
cool and not riding a bike.
And who else was in that?
Doink the Clown?
You could play as them.
You know...
I would rather play as Pennywise the Clown.
That would be a video game I would buy.
We all float here.
Anyway.
Anyway.
Kiss me, fat boy.
But, I think that if they're, they should just satisfy the world's apparent need that
they think that we have for, you know, wrestler stereotypes, and just do wrestler stereotype
the game, and have you make whatever you want.
Even better.
I just worry that opens the door to racial stereotype the game, and not going to be a
good thing for video gaming's image.
I want a game that combines wrestling and katamari, so that, like, as you're fighting
them, like, body parts fall off and get stuck on your body, and you're fighting them.
Like, a fighting game where you're fighting, like, tons of people, and then your, like,
character has, like, 50 arms and stuff.
That'd be pretty cool.
What was that old school game?
Thrill Kill?
Really old school.
Huh?
Not Thrill Kill.
No.
It was, uh, it came out around the time of Mortal Kombat.
Like, it tried to one-up Mortal Kombat.
Pit Fighter?
And the attack buttons were, like, arm, arm, leg, leg, and head.
And, like, you would chop off limbs, and then the person couldn't use that type of attack
anymore.
CarnEvil?
Was it Time Killers?
Was that what it was?
Time Killers.
Was Time Killers?
Time Killers.
It was, like, not Eternal Champion or something.
No, I'm pretty sure it was Time Killers.
It was Time Killers.
There was a Viking in it.
I think it was, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, it was Time Killers.
Like, there you go.
You should have that game mixed with katamari.
Time Killers 2.
You know what made me think of Thrill Kill is the character that, um, looks like, uh,
Ken on one side and Ryu on the other side that are both hands, and a torso.
Well, you do-
That's what it made me think of.
You know, spoiler, if you play to the end of Smash Bros. in single-player mode, the
boss is a giant hand, just like the last game.
Because the hand is always there.
Alright.
And I think the hand is really Mickey Mouse.
In other Street Fighter news, if I may, uh, moving on to another anticipated Street Fighter
release is Street Fighter 2 HD, uh, I'm not gonna call the whole thing, it's like, what
is it, Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo?
Forget it, it's Street Fighter 2 HD, okay?
This game is coming out, um, soon.
What do you mean it's the happy one?
Is that the one that the art is?
Yes, basically it's, you know, it's Super Street Fighter 2 Turbo, but it's all been
completely redone in HD.
By one of my favorite groups of artists.
Yeah, it's gonna be cool, but here's the thing, you can get a sneak peek at it.
In the beta version, uh, if you buy Wolf of the Battlefield Commando 3, which is another
Xbox Live Arcade game, you'll get access to the Super Street Fighter 2 HD game, you get
an access key for the public beta stress test.
Something to note about that though, apparently in the stress test, the rumor is, it's only
Ken, it's only Ryu, and it's only one stage that you can play in.
But still, it's a sneak peek at what the game's gonna look like.
Wanna try another sneak peek of what the game will look like?
It's called Street Fighter 2.
It's already available on Xbox Live.
I'm actually very excited about this because I had a whole bunch of Udon Cruz stuff, and
actually I keep them on my DeviantArt friends list, just to see the previews and the new
art coming out that they do, and their work is fantastic.
It's just really, really good and perfect for that genre.
I think it's really good.
Oh yeah, I don't mean to knock the awesome art style in this game, but do you know why
this game keeps getting pushed back?
So that we'll forget we already spent $10 on it a year ago.
Just wanted to say.
I'm gonna get it.
So, it is a public beta of the game.
Call it what you will.
I don't know, in some way it seems to me like kind of a cheap tactic to get people more
incentive to buy this Commando 3, then again, why do you think tons of people bought Crackdown?
But Crackdown actually ended up to be a really good game.
Not to say that Commando 3 won't as well, but it's interesting that that same tactic
is now being employed elsewhere.
That's what I could do.
Did you see Crackdown?
I like jumping the game.
It's awesome though.
Did you see the HD remake of 1942 that they were showing off too this week?
I had heard about it.
It didn't make the show real quick tonight, but what did you see about this?
It looks awesome.
Well, I like 1942.
It's pretty cool.
That's a great series of games.
It's basically just redone all HD and pretty, I don't know.
You know, interesting that Capcom's revisiting a lot of their series in HD because you also
have Bionic Commando also coming out.
But that's kind of cool because a lot of it's been saying for a long time that's what they
should be doing, is remaking the games in HD and not just releasing frumpy old Tron
with no frills.
Like Frogger and shit like that.
That's retarded.
With one graphics swap that doesn't really change anything.
Or Contra, you know, Konami, we're looking at you.
Come on, man.
Seriously, we played Frogger, do something with it.
It's changing the sprites a little bit.
Does not cut it.
I still thought it was funny that when we got the old Contra over here, it actually
had less stuff to it than the original did.
You know what pissed me off?
You know what game I was randomly playing the other day, just for old time's sake, was
Gyruss on Xbox Live Arcade?
Sweet!
Well, it is one of my all-time favorite shooters that they had in the arcade.
I freaking love Gyruss.
I used to play it on Commodore 64 all the time, right?
And they have it on Xbox Live.
It came out quite some time ago.
I was playing it for old time's sake the other day, and I just remembered how pissed off
I was of the Xbox Live version, because the new graphics and upgraded graphics are awful.
I enjoy playing the game in classic mode much better.
You can't see the bullets in some of the animation in the remade version.
It's awful.
Cry.
Very sad.
Well, there's a little bit of other news that should make some people happy.
Crysis Corps Final Fantasy VII Special Edition is coming out in the UK.
It's, well, actually more of a special pre-order edition that Gamestation is offering that
will have a 48-page art book and slipcase packaging.
It will be £29.99, and it's actually the same price as the non-special edition, so
basically you pre-order it from there, you get the Nito book, and you don't pay any different
than you would have otherwise.
But there are also, though, going to be getting Crysis Corps Final Fantasy VII on PSP in spring,
but Gamestation has it down for summer, so you'll actually get it before then.
Just hop on there and take a look at it.
Hooray for incentives.
Neat.
Unfortunately, I'm not getting anything like that over here as far as I'm aware.
Boo.
Who cares?
It's an art book.
I mean, honestly, who keeps the art books and stuff?
I just like free things.
I had an art book for Try Again one time I bought.
I don't even know where the fuck it is now.
It's gone.
Oh well.
So, unfortunately, and everyone's been kind of watching this a little bit, EA and their
bid to try to take over Take-Two, now they have decided to go hostile with their bid
and they're actually going to try to buy out individual shareholders now at $26 a share,
and no real comment to what's going to be happening here, but apparently EA has confirmed
that, yes, they are doing this, and Take-Two has basically informed their shareholders
to hold out a little bit to see what's going to happen or see what kind of decision they
come up with.
I don't know.
I don't like the whole thing at all because EA puts out some pretty good games, but at
the same time I know why they're doing it just to get rid of the 2K sports franchise,
and that's not a good thing.
I mean, the sports games really haven't innovated too much between releases, and now if they
have full reign over everything, what makes you think they're actually going to try to
innovate each year?
They don't have to.
An odd one in chat at chat.orangelaundryradio.com says, I expect EA to eventually just walk
into the boardroom with socks full of quarters.
You're ours now.
RossdielUT says, Take-Two put themselves in this position.
They're only ever in the green when GTA comes out, so of course shareholders are nervous.
Interesting point, though, kind of brought up there is that do you think that EA is trying
to do this now before Grand Theft Auto hits shelves?
Yeah.
I think that they're trying to, and if the shareholders were smart, they got to know
that Grand Theft Auto IV is going to fucking make tons and tons and tons and tons and tons
of money.
The problem, and they are right, they don't have a lot of great releases that come out,
but at the same time I think a lot of their money has been trying to defend themselves
against all these lawsuits and shit from stupid fuckers suing them for God knows what, blaming
them for all sorts of violence and problems and people being scarred for life because
they saw really crappy looking boobs in a game or something like that.
Just retarded shit.
And that whole thing about getting five dollars just from saying that, you know, Grand Theft
Auto made you, you know, violated you in so many ways?
It's just, it's really dumb, so hopefully, you know, hopefully they're not lazy with
this release if there is any content in there that's questionable because, you know, people
are going to find it if there is, and for the love of God, Manhunt 2, I mean, that's
a perfect example.
Here's another interesting comment from RossDlut, and Konami's Pro Evolution Soccer does far
more damage to EA than 2K Sports ever will, so there are other sports games coming out
from other places.
Yeah?
So no.
Odd1, I keep reading for the same people, but these are good comments, Odd1 in chat
says it's not like they don't have other games, BioShock was 2K and their sports franchises
are perpetual sellers, but this company relies so much on one game, I worry.
Well, it's Take, well, everyone's focusing on Take Two, but Take Two owns, you know,
a bunch of smaller companies that do release a lot of stuff, like 2K releases quite a few
games throughout the year, plus, you know, they do have a lot of smaller stuff that they
deal with, like, not Destination, but like, no, Destination, or DSi games I think they
do, not Destineer, but they have a lot of releases that come out that a lot of people
don't realize are from them, and, you know, they do have solid stuff coming out, it's
just, yeah, they do rely a lot on Grand Theft Auto, but there's, you know, Midnight Club,
and they've got some good stuff in the pipelines, you know, Knorr, and the new Mafia game looks
okay, not that they're really that different than Grand Theft Auto, but at least they're
pretty decent games, and they make what they put out pretty good, like Warriors, holy crap,
the Warriors game is awesome, it's just, I don't know, I'd rather them kind of fumble
through it and be their own entity than EA buy them, because if EA buys them, then, I
think that could be starting a downfall of, like, the gaming industry, because you're
going to have EA and Activision owning everything, and then pretty soon, they're going to be
like, hey, you know what, we don't really have to innovate too much, and then people
are just going to lose interest in this shit, and they're just like, well, fine, I'm not
going to buy any more games anymore, and there goes the industry.
Or the industry turns independent, kind of like I was saying before, you have, you know,
the XLA stuff coming out, you know, that could be a whole, that I think is a really big thing,
I don't know.
The XNA stuff, yeah, it looks pretty good.
I'm sorry, XNA, what the hell was I saying, XLA?
SSJ100Matt says Warriors MMO, please.
Yeah, that'd be awesome, and RossUUT in chat says, look, they still bleed money in the
years between Grand Theft Auto.
True they do, and I know developing from, you know, San Andreas to now, obviously the
last two prequel games that they released, Liberty City Stories and Vice City Stories
weren't that great and didn't make them that much money, I don't think that much development
time went into them, though, either, because they're pretty much just using the old engines.
But that's the same thing that's going to happen with the newer games, you know, obviously
the next game, you know, they're probably going to do another Vice City or something
like that, it's going to be using a similar engine and another San Andreas, maybe they'll
use another similar engine, and those will make a lot of money as well.
So I don't know, a lot of development up front, but I think they make it up in the back end
a little bit.
All right, well, lots of legal news, I mean, you could consider that some type of legal
news, and then there's just lawsuits going everywhere this week, and they all center
around Guitar Hero.
Harmonix actually sued and then ensued Activision earlier this week, and it all had to do basically
that, okay, the original Guitar Hero, I guess, had some type of clause that Harmonix would
get some type of royalty payment, the way the royalty payments were set up, if they
ever left the series.
And there were two different figures, one was low, one was high, and they're basically
saying Harmonix was claimed that they were being paid the lower royalty scheme, and they
should be getting about $14.5 million out of Guitar Hero 3's profits.
But then I guess at some point this was retracted, so there it was, and I don't know if maybe
there was some type of settlement out of court, but the settlement was clearly retracted.
But then Gibson jumped in the mix, Gibson, of course, makes guitars, Gibson decided to
sue Activision, and they said the reason why is because Activision was actually infringing
on a patent that dates back nine years for technology to simulate a musical performance.
Activision is, of course, filed basically saying that the claim is invalid.
Gibson actually sent Activision a letter in January saying, Activision basically said,
you know, well, since you didn't really do anything about it, we thought it was okay.
Interesting.
Yeah, just like immersion, well, you didn't say anything until now, so we thought it was
okay that we stole your shit.
But I thought Gibson was licensed for Guitar Hero, I mean, don't they have like Gibson
guitars?
Gibson licensed their guitars.
So this is stupid.
But then what's interesting about it is that you also kind of think about, hmm, you know,
whatever happened to Guitar Freaks, because even though Gibson owns the thing and it's
nine years old, nine years old places you back at what, 1999?
Well, guess what, Guitar Freaks was in the production and planning stages in 1998, around
the time the DDR first came out.
Did Gibson possibly catch wind of Guitar Freaks over in Japan and filed the patent here in
the U.S. and that's why Guitar Freaks never has really made it out here in the U.S.?
But it did make it out over here in the U.S., they released the U.S. version over here.
One very minor, not very well-heard of version that I bet completely slipped under most people's
radars, honestly.
They think if it comes out in Japan it's, you know, free reign to, you know, take it
here.
Odd One says, I love that conspiracy theory.
I do too.
No, I'm pretty sure, I'm more than positive that that was the biggest influence.
I'm tired of people like patenting all this shit like, you know, device tube simulate
performance.
Okay, well that could be anything, I mean.
And at some point though, if Gibson doesn't do it, it should negate itself.
What did Gibson put out?
Or maybe, I don't know, maybe there was some kind of, teach yourself at home.
Yeah, I would love to see their patent for this, I mean, because what is it?
It's a concept of, you know, simulating a performance.
Okay, so pretending is now being patented.
That's it.
I am patenting imagination because, you know, the ability to simulate anything in your mind,
I now own the rights to that.
So all you fuckers better pay up because I need the money.
Alright, look, all these lawsuits are kind of just, they seem unnecessary and confusing
and just trying to follow them all gets us a little bit angsty.
And you know what happens when we get angsty?
We play the FUs of the week music.
Hi, FU of the week, and I've got a couple actually, goes to this device that I'm about
to put up on the webcam, and I am currently strapping it to my hand as I, as I speak.
It is the stupid finger brace that they think I'm supposed to be wearing, that I'm not gonna,
because it rubs a wall spot on my hand, and that's because I'm not backwards.
Yeah, I didn't get the cortisone shot in my hand like I thought I was going to.
Instead, they're putting me in a brace for another month, and I get the cortisone shot
right after my birthday.
You might want to say that just really quickly one more time, because while you're trying
to put the brace on, the mic was far away, it couldn't hear you.
Oh, I was thinking that.
That's alright.
Um, yeah.
I put this on because I'm going to put it on the webcam to show everybody, they put
me in a brace for my finger that I'm supposed to be wearing when I'm not typing or otherwise
doing stuff, and it's actually a big pain in the ass because I can't, it's to keep me
from bending my finger at the primary joint where I've got the swelling on the tendon.
So they didn't do the cortisone shot, instead I am getting it done two days after my birthday.
It's a fuck you enhancement tool.
It is a fuck you enhancement tool.
You should go show the folks on JustinTV.
That's what I said I was gonna.
Alright, then go, go ahead.
And the other, the other F.U. goes to my husband for assigning me housework, which yes, true,
it needed to be done, but it's all stuff that involved using my right hand to squeeze things,
as in the vacuum, the mop, the broom, and well, I'm not supposed to be doing that with
that hand, and I had forgotten to take my anti-inflammatory, so it hurt like a bitch
by the time I was done.
It's the point that it started popping again, so it was really, really, really fucked up,
but I'll go put it on the webcam.
Alright, meanwhile, Loki, F.U. the people that went and saw the movie Horton Hears a
Who during our private screening, two groups of people in particular, number one was the
people that thought it was smart to try to movie hop into our private screening for our
company.
I mean, these are people that actually think that we're not gonna notice somebody that
doesn't work in our company coming in, meanwhile, like with like a half an hour left of the
movie to go, with their four screaming kids, and then after they came in, spilled popcorn
on the floor, they also managed to ask people to move so that their screaming kids can sit
in the seat.
Mind you that these people have been sitting watching the movie patiently for like an hour
prior to that.
So F.U. to them, and also F.U. to the person sitting next to me with their screaming child
who didn't wanna be, or didn't wanna watch the movie anymore, he was running around in
the aisles and stuff, and smashing popcorn on the floor, and slamming the seats down,
and the father was like, stop laughing, stop laughing, you know, cuz, you know, quiet.
How dare you laugh at this funny movie!
Shouldn't they have been kicked out?
Well, they should have been, but, you know, movie theater people are, you know, lame and
they don't like to do anything, and they don't get paid enough to do anything.
Why did you get the manager?
Well, I didn't feel like leaving the theater, and I could possibly tolerate this kid, but
he was annoying, and everyone was staring at him, but the dad was just stupid, and,
you know.
Oh well, everyone will talk about him behind his back when he gets back to work on Monday.
Alright, my F.U. of the week goes to the random pains that I've been having, and the fact
that I was taking all these drugs to counter the pain, and I might have caused more pain
by doing that, and F.U. to the fact that on the antibiotic I was taking, the sticker that
says do not take with antacids was probably not large enough, because I ended up taking
an antacid, and I think I fucked some- I hurt, but I'm having a hard time with telling
you tonight's show, but I'll be okay.
Just F.U. to mystery pain that after the lab tests and blood work and all this stuff I
had, they still can't figure out what it is, although thankfully my abdominal pain is really
going away, so I guess that's good.
It's one of those mystery things we'll never understand.
So yeah, F.U. to random sickness and pain.
It sucks.
No, I'm not pregnant, chat.
F.U.
F.U. to chat.
Why do they say you're pregnant?
I don't know, because you know when you have abdominal pain, it might be the baby kicking.
I don't know.
I can't explain their reasoning.
All right, we are going to go to one of our favorite segments here on the program.
It's the part where you guys get to interact with us.
It's the part called the mailbag.
It's not just a clever name.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com is where you send your emails, of which not very many
of you sent in emails this week.
I'm quite disappointed in our listenership.
Dark Soccer is thrilled, because she doesn't have to do much work in this segment tonight.
However, I am furious.
Mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com.
Send us those questions you've always wanted to ask us, those comments you wanted to say.
Meanwhile, Dark Soccer will open up and read the crumbs that we do have.
First email comes from DJ Jinai.
It says, Hi, O.L.R.
It's DJ Jinai.
Oh, that's not just a clever name.
It says, Check this out.
And basically, it's a link to something.
Smile DK will be looking for their samurai at San Japan, first major anime convention
in SA-to-premier band's first-ever U.S. debut concert.
San Japan and Viverus Studios are proud to announce the North American musical debut
concert of their fan-favorite band, Smile DK, making their grand appearance at San Japan
2.5, the first major Japanese culture and anime convention in San Antonio, Texas, as
they will be performing on August 9, 2008 at El Tropicano Riverwalk Hotel in downtown
San Antonio, Texas.
I'm sure most of us know who Smile DK is.
Anyway, they're going to have a new single, so I thought that was pretty cool, and thanks
for letting us know about that so that we can tell everybody.
I hope they sing Butterfly.
As an avid UK-based listener of your show, my heart nearly skipped a beat at the news
last week of Super Smash Bros.
Brawl's launch, Imagine My Horror, but lack of disbelief, when I then checked with my
friendly favorite online retailer and found out that Super Smash Bros.
Brawl wasn't to be released until June in the UK.
Let's write a three-month wait for a AAA title that has already been translated into English.
The thing is, I know why this happens, it's the whole NTSC, PAL, and multiple European
language thing means that there will be delays, but Nintendo has launched simultaneous releases
before.
To be honest, I really don't see why Nintendo and other companies cannot treat the UK as
a separate territory to the rest of Europe.
We don't even have the same taste in games, not that I wish to arouse traditional British
anti-continental sentiment, if it's in English release the damn game in the country that
made the damn language.
Well, there's a lot of games that get released in the UK too that we don't receive over here
until a lot later.
We didn't get Mother 3.
Like anything from Eidos.
We didn't get Mother 3.
The other thing too is that a lot of games like Smash Bros., it's selling like hotcakes
and they can't make enough discs.
Well, there's more to this email.
As for Super Smash Bros. Brawl, I bought the new freeloader disc for the Wii and have imported
a copy of the game from Canada.
Here's me flippin' the bird to you Nintendo of Europe.
As for the Digidoo Technoguy, I've seen him in person.
He was playing on the streets of Edinburgh during the Edinburgh Arts Festival in Scotland
last summer.
I have my own video footage if you want to see slash hear more, and I guess it would
be pronounced Nige.
So that's cool.
Next email?
Alrighty.
Hey, OLR crew.
In the words of AVGN, you know it's bullshit.
People who complain that a game is too short just because it takes under 10 hours to complete.
Whatever happened to a time when games usually took 30 to 60 minutes to clear and gamers
were happy with it?
These days, when I read a review of an arcade-style scrolling shooter or 2D platformer, one complaint
that I see commonly that sticks out to me is that the game is short.
I understand that longer, more epic games allow you to take in the game environment
and absorb yourself in the character, but it's nice to play a quick short game that
is intended to be replayed again and again.
Even Gradius 5, a shooter that takes an hour and a half to complete, gets complaints of
being too short.
Someone please explain to me how a 25-hour shmup would work out and how that isn't going
to put a strain on the level designers.
Now a year and a half ago, you asked listeners if games these days are getting easier.
This is related to that question.
Do you think games are getting longer and longer and that shorter meant-to-be-beaten-in-one-sitting
games are going away?
That's from GS68.
You know, I think you kind of hit the nail on the head there is that it's not the fact
maybe that a game takes less than 10 hours to beat that people rag on it, but if it has
no replay value, then, you know, it sucks.
For instance, a game like Katamari Damacy, can't you roll through that game in like two
or three hours tops?
Yeah, but you can go back through and get the challenges.
Exactly, and that's why people love that game because you have the total replay value and
just, you know, it's cool to go roll stuff up.
Now even though I kind of think they've beaten the Katamari franchise into the ground, but
never mind, I'm talking about, you know, the original one, had definite replay value to
it.
Well, we've gone back though and put in all of our old shooters before, even though you
pretty much play them all the same way.
Sure.
I mean, how many times do I just go talking about, you know, loving R-Type, for example?
But a game like a role-playing game that really relies on story to, you know, motivate you
to play the game, you know, once you've played through the story once, very few RPGs have
a lot of replay value.
Chrono Trigger.
Well, you know, obviously some do with, be it multiple endings, super bosses, whatever
it is, you know, they try to put a little more value in it.
Every RPG needs Game Plus.
But that's why some RPGs feel a little bit lacking, is that when they don't have that
and they're only ten hours to beat, then, you know, it might be.
So it really depends on what type of game it is, I guess.
Well, it is even bringing up though with people complaining that Gradius 5 was short even
though it was an hour and a half, and I completely disagree with them saying it was remotely
short.
That a shooter, you know, shouldn't need to be more than, like, an hour in length.
Because the whole point is to get from point A to point B, and then hopefully pass the
boss at point B and get to point C. You know, I actually liked some of the, I guess, not
as long shooters.
Like, I played through Cotton however many times, and Raiden DX is another one of my
favorite shooter games.
Just with shooter games, part of the fun is trying to play it through it and beat your
score or beat it faster, you know, and start to learn the patterns in the game, you know?
I could tell you anything.
I could probably pick up SkyShark right now and play through the first four levels and
not die because I had the game memorized because that's the only damn way you could play through
that game was to memorize where everything was.
Nice.
But still, I mean, I think that half of it is just being able to, you know, you challenge
your way through it and you pod through it and then you get bragging rights, like, watch
me play through this game.
I can do, like, you know, beating R-Type on one token, for example.
That gives you major bragging rights, you know what I mean?
That is pretty hardcore.
Yeah.
I say token because I miss arcades.
So last email, because we actually got another one while we were sitting here.
Just now?
Not just now, but we got it right, poor pull-up millet.
Gotcha.
So, virtual console games are overpriced.
You guys have already gone over this, but you haven't gone over it in a while, so this
is kind of irrelevant to, well, anything.
But I have, but I have an idea to fix it.
If people pay yearly subscriptions for Xbox Live and Nintendo could do something like
that for virtual console.
Yes, I mean, exactly along the lines of the Sega channel because I freaking love the Sega
channel.
It's not, I'm not actually sure how it would work, but I thought I would share it, and
that's from Red Ring Saturn.
Yeah?
Oh, I'm sorry, why don't I have one more time real quick?
Oh, I was working on something else, sorry.
Well, we've actually brought this up on the show of instead of paying for your virtual
console games, you pay a subscription cost, like...
Oh, like GameTap.
Yeah.
Basically.
I would love to see Nintendo set something like that up.
They're talking about the Sega channel.
Yeah, a lot of their games, you know, you don't want to spend five bucks on, you know,
a game that you only want to play a couple times, but I think that's exactly why it's
not set up that way because I think Nintendo, in a way, kind of preys on that sort of system.
I've also heard of Xbox Live, you know, somebody had suggested instead of charging the five
dollars for the game, you pay 25 cents a play, but, you know, then I think about like some
of the systems like back in the 80s and 90s, like I remember I had an old school cable
system back in the 80s.
It was way ahead of its time.
We had a system where you could actually buy games for like 10 cents a game and play them,
and it didn't do very well.
It wasn't very well received.
People don't like to play that way for whatever reason.
I think honestly if they stop making money, they'll change it, but in the meantime it
works and if it ain't broke, they ain't going to fix it.
I mean it might sound better from a consumer end, but, you know, look at what GameTap is
made up of though.
GameTap kind of makes a thriving on.
It doesn't have a lot of, I mean it has, I shouldn't say it doesn't have a lot, it has
some huge name AAA titles in it, but a lot of GameTap's charm is discovering old classics
you missed the first time.
Nintendo, Xbox Live, they don't really need to do that for various reasons.
So that was the last email?
It was.
I double checked.
All right.
Well, we're going to supplement the emails this week with some voicemails that we've
gotten throughout the week.
So let's actually go and check out some voicemails that we've received this week.
Please don't call the show because we're not actually taking Skype calls at this time.
We're just trying to get through some voicemails.
And when you call, it switches my window on me and it makes me very angry.
It makes me want to make you not able to call us later.
Hey, O.R.R.
It's PKJR92.
Just wanted to tell you guys that you guys are the greatest.
And if you're not for the difference in time zones, I will post them live every Sunday
on every show on your network.
Just want to say, guys, you guys are great, thanks.
And to do a show earlier, like earlier, so that people in other time zones, like me,
I'm like three hours behind you, or sorry, ahead of you.
So 12 o'clock at night is kind of late because I've got school tomorrow, school the next
day, et cetera.
Just want to say that keep going, because you guys are the only podcast I listen to,
so the only ones I like.
So see you.
Well, thank you very much for that voicemail.
The reason why we don't tape our show earlier is because, keep in mind, even though it's
three hours later and all that, we do understand, we have some folks that stay up insanely late
to listen to our show, and nothing but props to you guys.
The problem is, though, if we tape earlier, then we totally have to give up our Sunday,
and Sunday's sometimes the day to get errands done, clean the house, or whatever, it really
would cut into the day.
So that's why we don't tape any of our Sundays, although we have been talking about doing
a one-off noon show.
We were going to tape at noon, so that way, especially the overseas listeners could tune
in live.
We just need to set a date for that.
We need to make that happen.
Well, let me know.
I've got two days off next week.
We'll see.
Two days off next week will work for me, but maybe later in the month or early April, sooner
rather than later.
We'll talk about that in our super secret forums where we discuss show thingies.
All right, so we'll make that happen for you guys.
Let's do one more voicemail.
I thought this one was pretty good.
Hello.
This is DSmaster25.
I'm a UJANA fan.
How dare you bash Hannah Montana?
Good Lord.
She's the best Sony fan in the world.
She's the best.
How dare you bash Hannah Montana, good Lord, she's the best Sony for once.
I'd like to see them get bashed.
Not my favorite pop star, Ole Miss Miley, okay, Hannah Montana.
Stop that here or I'm not watching any more shows.
Bye.
Well, I didn't realize we had legions of Hannah Montana and Miley Cyrus fans that listen to
our show, so I think we need to take a moment to apologize to all the Hannah Montana fans
that listen to our program.
So we apologize dearly if you were offended by our comments on Hannah Montana, no we don't,
and we're really sorry we won't try to do it or we'll try not to do that again in the
future, and remember, hey, we're big fans of Hannah Montana's DS game, especially Footy
Monster.
But don't listen to him, it's not because it's a good music game, he just secretly really
loves Hannah Montana.
I just love the chat lighting up here, DDR Dollar Bill, what the fuck is this?
The fuck is this trash, Frisbee, why do people actually like her?
DDR Dollar Bill, I've never even heard her.
Is that what's popular?
Leave Hannah Alone, how was that voicemail?
Leave Hannah Alone, I get it, doing the whole Britney thing, yeah, please, back to gaming
please.
So this I'm sure is a shocker to everybody, but guess what, 2KMarin is actually working
on Bioshock 2, and they have peg day, I don't know, forecasted release date of quarter four
2009.
So Christmas 2009, you'll be playing Bioshock 2, hooray!
That's shocking, what, Bioshock 2 is coming out, I am so shocked, beyond belief, I would
have never guessed, you know what, EA is working on Madden 2009, and after that Madden 2010,
but it makes me wonder though, aren't you violating an NDA by saying that, might be,
but you know what makes me kind of wonder, because you know how it's like Madden 08,
or Madden 09, what are they going to do, Madden 10, maybe, why not, it's going to have Madden
2010.
Are these things really worth losing sleep about, or wasting time on an internet radio
program talking about?
I don't know, it's like the whole, you know, Y2K, but with Madden numbers, something's
going to happen, it's going to like open a rift or something, we'll see what happens.
Hey, here's another series that keeps on going, Guilty Gear!
Guilty Gear 2 Overture is coming out, but it's not the same type of Guilty Gear you
might be thinking of, it's coming out this fall for the Xbox 360, it's a tactical action
game.
Now it's like 3D, it takes all these characters you might know from the Guilty Gear, which
by the way is a 2D fighting game, and now they're going to be in a 3D action strategy
type of game, so it works so well for Soul Calibur, when it went to Soul Calibur Legends,
why not?
I've played it actually.
Really?
Yes.
What do you think?
I think it's going to be a Japanese account on Xbox Live, but it's okay, it's very similar
to like Dynasty Warriors on 99 Nights, but in the Guilty Gear universe.
I actually kind of liked 99 Nights for a little bit, and then it got a little old to me.
It's very similar to that, like you've got enemies you kill, and checkpoints you get
to, and you take them over, and that kind of stuff, definitely not a fighting game if
that's what you're expecting.
It's okay.
I just wish a lot of these things when they come to new systems, you know what, people
just like fighting games, so just release Guilty Gear as a fighting game, but they did
do that already on the Wii, so at least they get it for some systems, so it's just, others
are just trying something a little different, so more power to them I guess, trying to innovate
SNK, come on.
Well I don't know, I think I'll probably just end up passing on this game, maybe it's just
Sony.
Well, other people who said pass were actually Microsoft.
There was a rumor going around, especially since Sony, one of the Sony executives told
the Financial Times that Sony was in talks with Microsoft about offering them a Blu-ray
drive for the Xbox 360, but Aaron Greenberg, who's their group product manager for Xbox
360 said, nuh-uh, no, to quote, Xbox is not currently in talks with Sony or the Blu-ray
association to integrate Blu-ray into the Xbox experience.
That's a neat way to phrase it, the Xbox experience, but he did go on to say though that right
now Xbox 360 is the only console offering digital distribution of entertainment content.
We don't really know how long they're gonna be the only ones that does that, seeing that
Sony owns a movie company, but hey, a bunch of us who lucked out the tail end of that
and picked up on those cheap HD DVD players, hey, I even got five free HD DVDs.
The Xbox experience.
I know, that's so cool.
You know what the Xbox Live experience is?
Fuck, fuck, fuck, shit, fuck, gay, gay, fuck, fuck.
That's the Xbox Live experience right there.
There's lots of other words in there, too, I don't feel like repeating.
So what part of the Xbox experience is the Red Ring of Death?
Is that the fun part?
I mean, just wondering.
I did think that was a witty retort, though, that the Xbox does not need a Blu-ray drive
because they have downloadable movies.
So ha.
And they're already high-definition.
Yeah, here's a little problem with that logic, though, folks, and anyone that actually watches
a lot of pay-per-view stuff knows, movies don't come out on street date on that service,
usually it's a month later, so if you want to watch it day one, Blu-ray, well, hopefully
Blu-ray is the only way to go on that stuff, or you can watch it on DVD, I guess.
That's the angle they should work on that shit, but who really cares, I mean, come on.
I think that them accepting Blu-ray right now into their experience is sort of like
admitting some sort of defeat to Sony in some respect.
We ain't talking to those bitches.
Like, uh-uh.
I don't care what they have, we don't want their shit.
Yeah, I mean, it would look kind of silly for Microsoft to kind of endorse a Sony product
like that, but I would think that in the next Microsoft system, they're going to have to
support Blu-ray somehow, I would think, but who knows, you know?
We don't play DVDs, you don't necessarily have to play movies to be a console that succeeds.
Hey, they can always do the Dreamcast path.
They can always put HD DVD drives in there and use that as the format for the system,
because who says that they have to stop making discs for it, I mean, even though Toshiba
has stopped making them, but still, at the same time, who makes UMDs, you know?
Wouldn't that seem like a step backwards if Microsoft in their next system put an HD DVD
drive in them?
It'd be hard to copy them if there's no HD DVD drives out there, now would it?
Interesting thought.
I suppose you have this format already built up in some movie, well, it'd be interesting,
but I don't know, I just don't see it happening.
It'd be akin to using the, like I was bringing up with the Dreamcast, it'd be akin to using
the Giga discs, and you know how long it took them to crack those.
One cool thing, though, that is entertainment related, and I guess download content, new
islands coming to Burnout Paradise.
A bunch of new stuff that you'll be able to play and drive your cars through and crash
through and stuff.
In fact, actually, you can kind of see some of what's going to be available on that in
the game right now, because there's actually bridges that are being worked on and constructed,
I guess, in the game.
So later on, what they're going to do is have a free download, yes, because these islands
are going to be free, and you'll be able to expand your experience on Burnout Paradise.
There are also going to be some new cars available as well, those are not free.
But those are optional.
Interesting.
Who really needs extra cars when there's a lot in the game, anyways?
I would think, now I don't know, I'm not a hardcore racing fan, but I would think the
new areas are more of a perk than a new car.
Yeah.
Huh.
By a long shot.
Unless a new car is a super jetmobile that can jump 500 miles or something like that,
in which case I'll need that.
The new car is Sonic.
Just like, was it in Ridge Racer, where you have the hover cars and the rocket cars.
That's one thing about Ridge Racer, it's awesome.
Some rumors are abounding about Grand Theft Auto IV, and that is its new multiplayer modes.
Sixteen players and fifteen different modes in the game, this all coming from PlayStation
Magazine in Spain, a translation from that magazine.
And there it is, so supposedly it's going to be sixteen player modes, does that make
you pretty excited, Loki?
Oh hell yes.
I know you're very excited about, are you going to be able to network that many systems
at work?
We have five already, six if I get this other one working.
Jeez.
All right, very cool.
Although I'm not too optimistic about this sixth one, but five.
Some of the games from their translations, Hangman's News, Carjack City, Bomb Debase,
Mafia Work, Death Batch, Turf War, Cops and Crooks, Race, Dealbreaker, Free Mode.
We are going to, you know.
Does it sound legit to you?
I think it sounds legit, that stuff sounds very legit.
I can't wait to play this game, we're going to be playing this thing every day, dude.
And I don't know, we're just going to kick everyone's ass online, it'll be fun.
I hope the game sucks, just to spite you.
Yeah, too bad it's not going to happen.
We'll see.
Well, this actually makes me kind of happy, because everyone knows I'm a big Dreamcast
fan.
We are getting Mr. Driller online, a downloadable version that's going to be on Xbox Live Arcade.
There's not a whole bunch of details on it right now, but it's been confirmed for a spring
release in Japan.
So hopefully we won't get it too much longer after, and it's Mr. Driller.
I'm sure we'll get it at the same time.
There hasn't really been any releases in Japan on Xbox Live Arcade that we haven't gotten
at the same time, as far as I'm aware.
Well, then even better.
I don't know.
It'll be a first, I guess.
Hitstun and Chat says, this looks just like Mr. Driller DS.
I wouldn't doubt that, it's Mr. Driller.
It probably does look like most versions of Mr. Driller, because it is Mr. Driller.
Mr. Driller's kind of cool.
It seems really easy at first, but there's a lot of depth to the puzzle in the game.
It's interesting.
A new version of the Wii's Twilight Hack, and that is the hack using Twilight Princess
to run homebrew code, has been made available.
It's version 0.1A3, and now what's kind of neat about it is that you'll be able to run
data off of SD memory cards using the SD memory card slot in the Wii system itself.
Prior to that, you'd have to have an SD Gecko or some sort of GameCube adapter to run it
off of SD memory cards, but now you can actually do it on the drive.
Right now, though, not many things supporting it.
Only game that actually works with it right now is a version of Tetris, but soon it will
be supporting a lot more things, but that's just kind of interesting that they have this
exploit in there, and I don't know if Nintendo will be able to fix it.
I'm sure it'll be in the next patch.
That loophole's going to get closed right up, but who knows?
Maybe they'll luck out.
Yeah, I know, it's worked out well for Sony so far.
Some folks that have not lucked out are folks that were looking forward to playing Army
of Two across different regions, because Army of Two apparently has region-locked online
play.
There's a very, very small little note in the manual for Army of Two.
Note, the online game modes in Army of Two are not cross-region compatible and is only
supported between PAL disks.
Of course, the PAL version's manual has that note in there, so if you were looking forward
to playing folks in Europe, if you're in the US, sorry, can't do it in Army of Two.
Some people are pretty pissed off about this, but in a way, I kind of wonder, is it maybe
because the lag is too great, because aren't these supposed to be some huge multiplayer
matches, and if you have one person that's far away like that, it would cause a tremendous
amount of lag?
They were saying it's just a save on server strain, because Army Two's going to be the
uber-awesome game or something, so you know.
I don't know, I still wish they would leave that option open, but maybe it's not the default
way to assign the players.
But if you really wanted to play against somebody in the UK or overseas or whatever, you should
be able to.
It's just EA, it's broken, whatever.
I hope this isn't a trend, that's all I have to say.
Well, I hope not.
For fans of PopCap, there's actually going to be a PopCap hits release, a second one
actually, that's going to have Heavy Weapon and Zuma on PS2 on a single disc.
So if you like to get your casual games, I imagine it's going to be dirt cheap.
20 bucks.
That's not bad.
$19.95.
That's about the same price you'd pay for them on Xbox Live.
Yeah, of course you can probably play them free online, but hey.
But then you don't get all those extra features.
That's true.
New boards, new puzzles, new everything.
I kind of liked Heavy Weapon, it was a fun game.
Zuma, Zuma, I'm a little burned out on Zuma.
I haven't played Zuma.
It's just fun, but I'm a little burned out on it, but Heavy Weapon was cool.
There you have it.
I like anything with weapon in the title.
All right, we're going to be opening the Skype line very soon for you guys, 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, that's going to be opening very soon.
I just want to read a couple of quick comments from chat.
Karpatkin is in chat, he has his own show, or co-host a show over on All Games, and I
happen to know because of that that he's in the UK and he says it has to do with P2P network
play, not servers in regards to Army of Two, so hmm, interesting.
Let's go to the phones, if you want to give us a call again, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username
on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio.
The phone lines are now open.
Give us a call.
We'll be waiting.
In the meantime, we have a, oh, we got a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Oh, hi.
This is RossdielUT.
Well, hello, RossdielUT.
What's on your mind?
Well, one thing, I want to go back to Microsoft's decision about not supporting Blu-ray and touting
their online service, I really think they're limiting their potential audience by doing
that, honestly.
You know, since, like it or not, a whole lot of Americans either can't or don't want to
download movies, especially on their shitty-ass DRM service.
Wait, wait, I've got to ask, what is it about Microsoft's service you don't like?
Well, I think I told you about what happened to me with my XBLA games.
Oh, when you had to send your thing back, you had to redownload them all and all that?
I had to redownload them again, then I had to, well, I didn't have to redownload them,
but the way the DRM works is that you can't access your content offline, like if your
internet goes on the fritz.
Right, that's right.
Okay.
I mean, I've heard common problems about that, and the same goes for movies, basically.
Well, movies, you don't even get to keep the movies, you can only watch them once.
And no, Rama, the PlayStation Network isn't anywhere near as draconian.
You can activate up to five systems, and it's not anywhere near as hard to get things revalidated.
Okay, I've got to read the comment from chat that you responded to for the sake of our
podcast listeners who don't see chat.
Rama said, shitty, yes, but it's better than the PlayStation Network.
All right, so Microsoft's not doing Blu-ray.
You think that's a decision that makes sense, or you think it's going to hurt them in the
long run?
I think it's going to hurt them in the long run.
I think what we forget, being in cities, you know, you're in Sacramento, I'm in Miami,
I'm sure a lot of the people in the chat are from decent-sized cities, is that large parts
of the country, especially the further west you go until you get to California, broadband
isn't as easily available, or it's very expensive.
I mean, not only that, but most people are going to have common customer-grade DSLs.
They're not going to be paying $80 a month for the high-end stuff, you know what I mean?
But don't you think that in those places, those are the places where Blockbuster and
Hollywood Video and Movie Gallery and all those places are still doing well?
Well, they're still doing well here in Miami.
There's a Blockbuster right in front of my house.
That place is always doing great business.
They're still doing well in cities.
You still see the mom-and-pop stores anymore.
I used to work, my very first job was at a mom-and-pop video game store, and they went
under years ago.
Well, that has more to do with the chains, you know, bullying everybody out than anything
else.
That's a whole other issue we could spend a whole show doing.
I'll just say, though, we had one thing that Hollywood and Blockbuster and all them didn't
have.
We rented porn.
So, you know, how they went out of business on the road.
You still see places that run porn, West Coast and things like that, you know, chains here
in the Southeast.
But when you go download only, you're limiting yourself because, let's face it, if you want
to download something other than a damn act up to saying it pretty much, I mean, one megabit
connection is 40 bucks.
That's not going to get you a high definition movie in a reasonable amount of time.
I go to Xbox Live Arcade, it takes like an hour to download a movie.
The downloading thing doesn't do a lot for our need-it-now kind of culture, the self-gratification
culture that we live in.
The reason why Blockbuster and all that do well is because when somebody thinks, I want
to rent a movie, they want to rent a movie tonight, now.
They don't want to wait for Netflix.
They don't want to wait to download it.
They want to go get it now.
Even Netflix, I mean, if you keep a steady queue, you always have a movie or two there.
But what if the one that's at your house isn't necessarily, and don't get me wrong, I love
Netflix, I'm just being devil's advocate, what if the one at your house right now isn't
the one that you end up wanting to watch when you're talking about with friends, maybe you're
talking about an old classic 80s movie that nobody has?
At the end of the day, you get in the car and you go to Blockbuster.
You get in the car or if you're lucky enough like I am, you walk across the street and
there's your Blockbuster, you pick up your movie.
With Blu-ray, you're going to be able to do that.
In the coming months, we already have Blu-ray for rental in my place and you're going to
see that all over the place.
We're going to see Blu-ray rentals all over the place and it's just going to take over.
Well, we'll see.
Ross, to you, too, we've got to wrap up.
We're getting towards time.
Any other last minute thoughts?
One last minute thing, I'm surprised you guys didn't talk about the NPDs this month.
What specifically about them?
The PS3 outsold the 360 for the second month in a row, selling 281,000 units versus 255,
but what really surprised me was how well the PS2 did.
I don't know if you saw this.
It sold 352,000.
That's pretty typical for the PS2.
It's actually the matching.
I was about to say, doesn't everybody have it?
It's still the spare bedroom system.
It's the system you buy for the younger kids so they can feel cool because they have a
video gaming system in their room.
I think most folks like us that listen to programs like this, we all have PS2s at this
point.
It's not just us.
The system has already sold 50 million in America alone.
And the only reason the PS3 outsold the 360 is because the 360 is in a shortage right
now.
Oh, please.
Every store I go to there's a ton of 360s.
Microsoft is making a shortage.
Well, I know because I talked to Microsoft that there's a fucking shortage going on right
now and they, in fact, commented, yeah, there is a shortage going on right now.
We know that the PlayStation 3 is going to outsell us this month and sure enough then
that's not just damage control.
It's not damage control because they're going to have enough, oh right, yeah, okay, I'm
sure all of a sudden Blu-ray wins now and they're going to sell billions of systems
and they'll be the number one.
Well, actually I was kind of thinking like couldn't the possibility because now that
Blu-ray has won the war, so to speak, maybe that moves some PS3s.
Not going to fucking happen.
I bet you anything in April that the 360 is definitely going to outsell a PS3 and buy
a lot.
What kind of bet?
Shut up.
I don't know.
It's worth a try.
It's not so much just Blu-ray but ever since we saw the system go down to the 399 with
the 40 gig, you know, the sales have picked up.
Yeah, and Sony is really confident on that.
You know why?
Because now they're removing the Blu-ray movie that comes with it because they're,
guess what, fuckers will buy your own Blu-ray.
All right, I got to wrap it up, you guys, I'm supposed to keep it in the four minutes
and we're on seven, but Ross Steel, UT, thank you for your perspective as always.
Take care, buddy.
Okay, bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
You know, I do like this comment from SSJ100Matt in chat, he says, fact, HDTV needs to be the
standard before Blu-ray can really take off.
I agree.
But in 2009 with that whole digital TV switchover, I see there's a distinct possibility.
I think this holiday season is huge for HDTVs.
Yeah, exactly.
This holiday is going to be awesome and, you know, but the fact is there is a shortage
on systems right now, I know that from, you know, working a retail standpoint and from
Microsoft actually calling.
All right, all right, let's go to a new call, breathe in.
All right, new call, hi, you're on Horse House Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Act Deft.
Hi, Act Deft, what's on your mind?
Hello.
Oh, I just wanted to comment about video games live.
Oh, that's right, you got to go and the concert just happened in Mexico recently, right?
Yeah.
And how was it?
Oh, it was so fucking epic and amazing.
It was everything I expected and more.
It was a pretty amazing, how do you say it, show, yeah.
Describe for us like the best part.
I seriously can't choose the best part, though if I had to choose a song they played, maybe
it was the Kingdom Hearts theme song, sampling clean, an orchestra, oh, it was so fucking
amazing.
Nice.
You sound like you were blown away.
How was this?
Yeah, I almost cried at that part.
How was the audience?
Was there a lot of people there?
Was it a very full house or?
Well, not a full house, though approximately like 2,000 people and maybe, well, the Bull
Ring maybe has 5,000 people capacity and it was like 2,000 approximately, more or less.
So it was, there was a lot of people, though it was not full.
Okay, not too bad though.
Sounds like a pretty filled up crowd, if nothing else.
Did they give an indication that they might come back?
This might just be the first of several shows in Mexico?
They said in a conference before that they may or most probably will come next year again.
Oh, nice.
I bet you're excited about that.
Yeah, pretty excited.
Any advice you would have to give to folks that are going to be attending future video
game live shows?
Pretty much that any seat in the concert will give you a pretty good view, though on the
front will be a pretty good show.
All right, very awesome.
Well, I'm glad to hear you had a really good time at the show and you know what's funny?
I still have yet to see video games live.
I just keep missing it every time it's in town, like something else is going on.
It's sad.
I really want to see it.
I saw The Dear Friends, which is similar.
I saw the Final Fantasy based one a while ago, but I will definitely catch video games
live next time I can, especially because I hear nothing but good things about it, so
I'll have to check it out.
Akdefta, anything else you want to share with our listeners?
Just an article on Joystick.
It was a report on Mexican game industry.
They said that by 2010, the gaming industry in Mexico will increase by approximately I
think 10 million, 10 billion, excuse me.
So apparently it's going to be increasing, though I find it kind of ironic that even
though the analysts think that it's going to increase in the economy, Mexico is one
of the leading markets in the world of piracy, games, music, movies, you name it.
So I don't know how the industry will manage to beat that.
Interesting perspective from somebody who's actually there in Mexico.
Sometimes we read these stories and we don't really know what is.
I guess my question for you is what is the gaming, actually let me ask you this, have
you ever visited the US?
Yes I have.
Have you been able to kind of compare like the availability and the prevalence of gaming
here in the US versus Mexico?
Well, like in the United States you have GameStop, Baby Games, many video game stores here.
We only have maybe one or two game stores and they're only located on the southern region
of the country.
Most of the stores that carry games are like supermarkets like Walmart, for example, and
they don't have a great library of games, so it's pretty difficult to find a game you
like.
Where do you get your games from?
I actually get my games from Sam's Club because they are pretty cheap and they have a great
library there.
So I'm kind of liking that, but anywhere else I go I cannot find anything.
So I actually have to get my games from online or I have to ask friends that go to the United
States to get them from me.
To get them from you, well thankfully they run on the same televisions and pretty much
the Xboxes you get there are the same ones here so you don't have to worry about those
region-based issues.
Always interesting to hear from our listeners in other countries and kind of hear about
the way the scene is there.
So thanks so much.
We've got to let you go active because we're running out of time, but thank you very much
for the call.
Yeah, thank you too.
Take care.
We'll do one more call.
We'll see who gets through here.
We'll do some last minute stories.
Do you have any last minute stories for us, Loki, when we get to that?
Yeah.
All right, sounds good.
Why don't you go ahead and read us the first one because...
Oh, no, never mind.
We've got a call.
Hello, you're on Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hello, Orange Lounge.
This is the, what is it, the Norwegian, no, Norwegian, Swedish owl known as Akkeriper.
Well, hello, Akkeriper.
I see you in chat right now.
I remember you calling in before.
How are you doing?
I'm doing just fine.
I'm, well, what, doing my wow drugs as usual, so...
What time is it?
It's got to be like, what, four or five in the morning over there?
It's like, what is it, five, five to, ah, I don't know, damn, I'm lost.
It's around like five o'clock in the morning.
He's up so late, he lost complete track of time.
That's dedication.
I love it.
Well, what's on your mind?
What do we owe the phone call tonight?
Yeah, well, what is it?
I'm in the plans of buying a PSP for some weird reason, and I don't even know why, but
the reason is that I want to do a home brew on it, and I try to do some read up on it
on the web, and I'm completely lost on that front for some weird reason.
I don't even know why, but, well, and since, what is it, since Loki has made his home brew
PSP, I think, if I remember right, I want to ask him, what is, what is, does he have
any kind of tip or so, what is so?
Good question.
What is kind of the best way, if you're interested in doing some home brew on the PSP, what's
the best way to do that if you don't already own a PSP?
It's not very easy, because, especially with the new slim PSPs now, if you're getting one
of the fatter ones, it's easy to do it, because all you have to really do is, you know, up
downgrade the, you know, using any sort of exploit, either the Pandora's battery or
Grand Theft Auto, or Let me, let me say this first, I think part
of the reason it's so complicated is because of the fact that Sony keeps patching it with
every exploit that's found, it seems like there's 50 different ways to do it out there,
so Well, yeah, and really
One of the, pardon me, one of the reasons also is that there is actually a place where
you can buy a home brew enabled PSP for, what is it, like 2000 Swedish crowns, and you can
also buy an standard vanilla PSP for like 1600, and well, since I'm a sheep bastard,
I have the intention of just buying the vanilla, and then try to make some home brew version.
I don't blame you, I don't blame you for being a PSP.
There's guys online to do the slim PSP, but what it's going to really take is you need
to have someone else that has one of the original PSPs, or has already made a Pandora's battery
for the slim one, and basically what you do, you have to have the old one to create the
Pandora's battery, then you patch it for the slim one, and then you run it on your slim.
Should he try his luck and try to go buy a used PSP?
I would think the cheapest way to do it, try your luck in buying a used PSP, because a
used PSP is likely to have an older firmware still on it, depending on how long it's been
on the shelf, and that way you can make sure you get a fat PSP, too, and then you can use
either the Grand Theft Auto exploit, which still works, or this Pandora's battery thing,
but that's an extra cost to it, isn't it, because you have to buy a whole other battery?
Sort of.
You can buy the...
Okay, really quickly, what is the Pandora's battery?
Pandora's battery is basically you're running firmware or actual code off the battery, because
the battery itself actually has a little bit of data on it, and so what that does is it
pops it into a developer's mode and drops the firmware to whatever.
It basically resets the whole PSP, and what they've done is kind of bootstrapped a downgrader
with this Pandora's battery, so it's allowed them to drop it down to 1.5, and then once
you have 1.5, you can up it to a custom firmware or something like that.
It's not easy, and it's pretty confusing, but there are guides that take you step by
step on how to do it.
QJNet has a pretty good guide and stuff, or at least they have links to find a guide like
that.
I was just going to ask, are there any sites that you would recommend?
Because it sounds like probably like PSP Hacks or psp.qj.net, or I think pspupdates.qj.net,
they would have links.
That's where I found mine, but it's been a long time since I did it.
Once you do get a custom firmware on there, it's pretty easy, because now the stuff that
they put out, I guess it's the M33 firmwares, they're completely easy to upgrade.
In fact, now they've got a built-in where you can just run an update via Wi-Fi and update
it over the web just like you would a normal psp.
It's pretty simple once you've got that working to get a homebrew on there.
Just getting it to that is pretty hard.
Luckily, I had two psps, so I just used my old one to create the Pandora's Battery to
do it.
What is more, in that way, that was just about what we were going to ask also.
Since you can actually buy one with custom firmware already on it, how will it work when
you're going to have to do updates and stuff?
Well, I think I know the name of the game, but not LocoRoco, but the other one that's
coming.
Padawan?
Yeah, what you're going to have to do, obviously you can't use any updates that are on UMD
disk, because that will corrupt your firmware, but what you're going to have to do is wait
for them to release these updates.
But luckily though, most of the firmwares are cracked within a day or two at the most.
Here's kind of the sad part though, is that if you want to do homebrew on the psp, it's
at the point now where you have to be pretty on top of it to do it.
Loki, and here's something to consider, is that yeah, Loki might be a sort of homebrew
psp expert, but Loki, how many psps do you own?
Two.
And one is for homebrew and one is for current stuff, right?
Or something like that?
No.
Oh, I thought that's how you did it.
One I just don't use, and it's collecting dust, and it's one of the older ones, and the
other one is I can play new games on it, and I can play homebrew on it.
Oh wow.
It's the Slims, yeah.
And you did the Pandora's Battery trick with it.
Yeah.
Oh, okay.
It was a pain in the ass though.
It was really not fun, and luckily I had like an extra battery I bought, because I bought
a charger, a new charger for it, and it came with a battery, so I used that battery.
In fact, I think I still have my Pandora's Battery, but the thing is, also when you're
doing the Slim, the patched one does not fit on a 32 meg memory stick, so you need to make
sure you have at least one that's like 128 to be able to put the data on it, because
you have to have a memory stick and a battery that are basically linked together, and so
what will happen is when you pop that battery in, it will run that data that's on that memory
stick for you.
It's really weird.
Yeah, well, a memory card's not going to be a problem, since I actually have two memory
sticks, and I actually plan to buy it on an 8 gig version if I'm going to buy a PSP, so.
Yeah.
That's fine.
So why say another battery or something, I mean, what will happen is once you've created
as a Pandora's Battery, it will, you can update your, or I guess back up your battery data
so that you can drop that battery back to a normal battery after it's done.
It's kind of complicated, there's a lot of stuff on the internet, unfortunately I don't
remember exactly the steps to go to do it, but the information's definitely out there.
I was going to say, if you're really lazy, you might be able to find a Pandora's Battery
on eBay.
One last question, though, about playing with a PSP Slim on a big screen, how does that
work, or something?
Well, the Slim ones, you just need to buy a cable to do it, and pretty much it just
involves you plugging it in.
The only problem is you're tethered to your TV, so.
You need an extension or something like that, I guess?
Any extension cable for component or composite will work, it's just you're still tethered
to via a cord, although now they have a thing where they're going to come out with a remote
dock if they're watching UMD movies or something like that that you can control it with a remote,
but still, though, it's going to be tethered to your TV.
Okay, Ripper, you're right, I've got to wrap things up, but do you have any other quick
final thoughts?
Nah, not that of so.
I'm just a bit annoyed, just waiting for a 2.4 patch to come out, since apparently you
can start downloading the whole thing, so on Tuesday or Wednesday it's going to apparently
be patched to 2.4.
The background downloader is already active, my 2.4 is downloaded, I'm pretty sure it'll
go live either this Tuesday or next Tuesday, but we'll see, and of course we're talking
about Warcraft if you're going anywhere.
Hey, real quick, you said you were from Sweden?
Yeah.
Now, you know what I love most about Sweden?
I don't know, our royal house?
No, no.
ABBA.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Don't stop.
I love the music.
All right.
I seriously got to let you go.
Yeah, well, I can't say.
No, I know.
That was how many years ago, but it's timeless.
Yeah, I did.
All right.
Have a good one, buddy.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye, buddy.
Thank you.
That's it.
Same to you too.
Bye.
And of course the chat room's all, not ABBA.
Since J-100 Matt says Rob went there, oh yes, I went there.
That's going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
We got to wrap up the show.
Mm-hmm.
Good times.
I'm sorry, Jamie.
But ABBA, Jamie, ABBA.
I remember when you were all antsy about getting to see Mamma Mia.
Hey, the movie is coming out.
I'll tell you what, I'm excited.
All right.
I can't wait to see it.
All right.
We got to wrap up.
Let's get everybody's final thought.
Dark Soccer, you got like your keys in your hand.
You're ready to roll, Dark Soccer.
No, I'm trying to get to my thing so I can give you my cage match song.
No, I'm kidding.
What's your final thought today?
Reject false icons and buy me a fucking computer, buddy.
My final thought is heartburn sucks.
Loki, your final thought?
My final thought is, I don't know, I got to add people in Smash Brothers Brawl, I guess.
And Dark Tetsuya needs to add me on his Wii console so I can send him levels because he
was bitchy and they couldn't download any because he doesn't have an SD memory card,
which are dirt cheap by now.
I should let you know.
By the way, speaking of custom levels, I heard you broke some type of record or something?
Well, I didn't break a record, but my level is in the top 20 downloadable levels for...
Ooh!
Out of how many levels?
20?
No, quite a few, actually.
Wow, good for you.
Congrats.
Are you selling the show somehow?
I made one and no one liked that level.
Oh, dope.
What's the trick?
The trick is to make stuff that looks like other things from pixel art type stuff, levels
that look like...
Mine was the question block level, so it looks like a question block from Mario Brothers.
Gotcha.
All right.
I have one other final thought for you guys.
Oh, but before we get to that, I just want to say thank you so much, as always, for tuning
into and downloading and supporting independent podcasting.
Remember, if you like Orange Launch Radio, all we ask, tell a friend or two about our
show.
Spread the word.
It's how we slowly take over the world.
And I'll leave you with one last final, final thought, and then say good night.
Good night.
That music will never, ever get old.
Erasure did a good cover.
I don't care what you say.
Thank you guys again.
Have a great week.
See you next time here on Orange Launch Radio.
