Orange Lounge Radio
There's a host, Dark Sakura, Sky and Loco
Tonight, March 16th, 2008, Tetris and Bomberman are WiiWare bound,
E! Amuse hits the DDR scene in North America,
and are the rumors about a Blu-ray drive on the 360 true?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that program on the internet, dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts, here with you every week, also here with you every week, the one and only, Dark Sakura.
Jamie Summers.
Hi.
How are you, Miss Summers?
I'm completely enamored with what I'm looking at.
What are you looking at, Preto?
A melodica.
A melodica. Are you shopping for musical instruments online tonight?
Yes, I am.
Did last week's techno didgeridoo inspire you to come up with an underappreciated instrument of your own?
Well, I actually have, there's a few instruments that I personally want to own myself.
One of them is a melodica, which is like a keyboard, but you play it like, with the mouthpiece.
Nice.
And so it sounds sort of like a harmonica, but not quite.
I also want an autoharp.
Fun.
Because I used to play autoharp when I was little.
What about Kazoo? Does Kazoo not satisfy anyone anymore? Is that the problem?
Not really.
My wife autoharps.
Say hello to the smartass over there, Tech Master Loki.
Hi.
So your wife autoharps, huh?
Yes.
That's nice to know.
I don't have to tell her to complain at all. She just does it on her own.
How are you? Oh, I get it. There's a joke in there.
And how are you otherwise this week, Tech Master Loki?
I'm okay.
Excellent. Are you shopping for any musical instruments of your own?
No.
Okay. Just checking.
Okay, well, let's get into how we always start off the show.
First, let me introduce the chat room, chat.orangeloungeradio.com.
There's several people in chat tonight.
Kind of a smaller turnout, though, on the live stream than I've seen in recent weeks, so I'm not sure.
Is there something else going on tonight I'm not aware of?
No more Grammy Awards? No Oscars? No Super Bowl?
It's, I guess...
Go outside night?
St. Patty's Eve, I don't know.
Oh, maybe people are camping out outside the bars waiting for 6 a.m. I don't know.
All right, well, who knows?
Anyhow, we'll work with what we've got and also our little contingent over on Justin TV on our feed there,
which, by the way, brand new addition to our Justin TV arsenal.
We now have a video capture card, so when we bring you clips of games,
we'll actually, instead of having to point the camera at the TV, the little getaway,
we'll actually be able to run the feed from the TV.
That's very exciting. Happy, happy, happy.
All right, so anyhow, let's get into how we always start off the show.
How was your gaming week?
Dark Sakura, why don't you start us off? How was your gaming week?
My week was pretty sparse just because I've been so busy all week,
so all I played was Ragnarok, and we actually had to play a little pinball,
but we have a purchase that might be coming up in our game future.
Good time. What's that?
Stern is releasing a new Indiana Jones pinball machine,
and Dan said he'd even be willing to sell Creature of the Black Lagoon to obtain it.
Nice. So that's going to be expensive, though, a new machine?
A brand new machine.
You guys are crazy.
Well, he said he might even let go since his pinball party.
Wow. But, I mean, it is an Indiana Jones machine. That is kind of awesome.
It's a new Indiana Jones machine.
That is kind of awesome.
We actually have the old one in our garage right now.
I imagine it's to coincide with the new Kingdom of the Crystal Skull movie?
I do believe so. That would be quite likely.
Nice. That would be fun.
The pinball rules.
Anything else besides pinball and that stuff?
Ragnarok.
Ragnarok.
And Scrabble.
Have you been playing the Scrabble game on Facebook?
I don't go on Facebook.
Facebook has a very Scrabble-like game. In fact, I think they got in trouble for it.
It's actually an application called Scrabulous, is what it's called.
You can play Scrabble with friends on Facebook, basically.
And as much as Facebook kind of bugs me, I do like being able to play Scrabble with friends online.
I don't know if it's the same one.
It was something that was linked to me.
But I was doing the Solitaire mode on it.
I'm pretty sure you have to be a Facebook member to use Scrabulous, so it was probably something different.
I have a Facebook, but the last thing I actually did with it was through my phone when one of my friends in Mississippi found me in Facebook somehow and friended me.
You know, Jamie, I was just going to mention that I saw this earlier today than I thought of you guys.
Street Fighter IV, they're taking pre-orders on it right now. It's $2,590 with an $880 deposit for the arcade hardware.
Oh, for the machine? I was like, for the game? Oh.
Hmm.
But what kind of machine do you have to put that in?
Well, normally the machines are $23,000.
So, I mean, it's probably, you know, but, I mean, come on, 2DX?
I mean, shit, that's just like a computer with an HD screen attached to it and a sound system.
So, I mean, most of these things nowadays, you can probably hook it up to a TV and build your own control panel for it.
I don't think it's too sophisticated.
I mean, it's just a game.
You just have to be able to run the...
Yeah. It's just a game.
I mean, games, arcade games, haven't really changed too much as far as, like, okay, put coin in, you know, control panel, monitor.
That's it. Hooking that stuff up isn't that hard.
It's still not like where you could get one of those super guns and just hook it up to it, but, you know.
Well, let me know if you end up doing that, Jamie. That's pretty hardcore, but then again...
I doubt it.
Yeah.
But then again, I'm like, well, you are going to buy that Indiana Jones pinball machine.
Dan was talking about buying it.
Okay. Talking and doing are two different things. That is true.
I know, and he talks a lot.
Big talker.
I mean, wait.
Well, let's move on then to Loki before Dark Soccer gets yourself in trouble.
And I was going to say too, it says apparently it comes with a Street Fighter IV network ID card and some versus communication kit.
So you can actually play other people online using your kit if you bought it.
I don't know. If I only have $3,000 to throw around, of course I don't.
I probably wouldn't spend it on Street Fighter IV because I suck at Street Fighter.
Anyways.
What?
You know what I would do if I had that much money?
Make a down payment on a house and move.
You're going to need more than $3,000 for a down payment.
I was thinking, like, the cost of the cabinet.
Ah. Well, $23,000. I would cover it.
Now, this week I didn't play a whole lot. I just played basically N+.
A few lunches I played that.
So it's fun. It's just like N. I think I'm on the 10th level.
But there's like 5 or 6 stages per level.
Some of them are pretty hard, but that's N.
And then the rest of the time I've been playing Smash Bros., but I've just basically been doing the Space Emissary mode, which is varying levels of cool and crap.
I don't know.
Sometimes I'm just like, oh, this is pretty good level design, and some other times it's just like, uhhh, I don't know, this is pretty dumb.
But, overall, I'm still playing it and I'm only halfway through it.
Actually, a little over halfway through it.
But, other than that, I don't know. It's pretty good.
How was N+, overall?
That's what some folks in chat are asking.
N+, I like it, but it's not too different than just the regular N, except for the fact that, I don't know, different levels.
That's it.
Alright, well, moving on to my gaming week.
I've actually been kind of sick this week, which you would think would make me want to stay home and play a lot of games, but it kind of sucked my will to do a lot of things.
I've been having these weird pains all over my side.
Now I want to get into all the nasty details about it.
Basically, doctors don't even know what it is, and I've taken medications that have caused, now, side effects, blah, blah, blah.
It kind of sucks.
So, yeah, I didn't play a lot of games because of it.
I did play a few things.
Very random stuff.
Some of the things I played were very random.
I played Phantasy Star 2.
I decided to download on Virtual Console quite randomly, and I checked that out, and that was kind of cool.
Although, I don't know, Phantasy Star 2 wasn't quite as cool as Final Fantasy, but it was different.
It was kind of cool.
This is one of those games, because I never had a Genesis growing up, so it was kind of one of those games I missed.
It's kind of neat, though, now that I've played Phantasy Star online, to kind of see some of the history of the Phantasy Star universe and see where a lot of that stuff has come from.
So, that's kind of cool.
Let's see, what else have I checked out?
World of Warcraft, as always.
Addict and all that stuff.
Let's see, what else have I played this week?
I'm totally drawing a blank.
I actually skipped out on Lost Odyssey this week.
Oh, I checked out Brain Challenge, that new Xbox Live arcade game.
It was kind of dumb.
The minigames were kind of dumb.
The minigames were just kind of...
I don't know.
I guess if you don't have Brain Age on the DS, or I don't know, the whole novelty of these brain training games has really worn off, let's face it.
The market's been really oversaturated.
I guess this is the only type of it available on the Xbox 360.
If you must have a minigame collection for your very own on the Xbox 360, then you can go ahead and check that out.
But, honestly, it's really nothing to scream about.
So, that would be that.
That's really it for my gaming week.
All right, so moving on to housekeeping this week.
Not a lot that we have to say for housekeeping this week, other than, of course, as always, you can join our LiveJournal community.
At Orange Lounge is our LiveJournal community, or our MySpace is at Orange Lounge Radio.
Of course, we have our Facebook community, the OL Army.
You can join the social network and help pour out OLR to all your friends and your enemies, if you so choose.
But, of course, word of mouth is how we always spread the word about our show, so we always thank folks who choose to do that.
All right, we're having some technical problems in the studio right now, but hopefully things are on their way to being fixed.
It's just that, man, 2008 is just year of broken over here, year of fail.
I don't know what's up with that.
But, never mind, we're just going to try to proceed as normal.
And, Loki, if we can, we're going to start off the gaming news.
All right, so this week they officially announced that Super Mario Kart Wii will be coming to the U.S. on April 27th.
That is, two days before Grand Theft Auto IV.
But, hey, I mean, people on the Wii, they don't get Grand Theft Auto IV, so you get Mario Kart Wii.
No cars being stolen in this game, but, you know, it's still pretty violent.
Anyways, some other cool stuff that you'll, of course, get the Wii Wheel with this, and it will also be sold separately on the side.
Apparently, they're going to have, you know, 32 different courses, up to 12 players online, and Mii integration, 10 battle arenas,
and, of course, you know, support for a bunch of different control methods, much like Super Smash Bros. Brawl.
So, that's pretty awesome.
I plan on picking up both, though.
I noticed some of the retro levels are making an appearance in Mario Kart. That's kind of interesting.
Some of them are pretty cool. IGN actually had some footage of five levels that they had in their pre-release copy.
They're, I don't know what you'd call it, Alpha or whatever.
And, they've got Course 4 from the Super Nintendo Mario Kart, and that's pretty awesome looking.
Then, they had a remake of the Block Fort from Nintendo 64.
Although, it looks a little different, though. It's not just a direct, like, remake of it.
They've got a bunch of additional stuff on there, but it's still, you know, Block Fort.
And then, let's see, what else was there?
Some of the ones I didn't play, though.
They had one from the Game Boy Advance one, which I don't remember any of the battle modes in the Game Boy Advance one.
And, there's also some from, you know, Double Dash and the DS one.
But, to be honest, you know, Double Dash's battle mode kind of blew, and a DS I didn't play.
So, you know, at least the battle mode part of it.
But, it's your favorite part. How could you say that?
It is my favorite part, but I was so jaded after Double Dash, you know, that I just decided not to check it out on DS.
Alright, well, let's read some feedback in the chat room.
chat.orangeslaundryator.com, and we'll start off with a comment tonight from Jaded.
It says, between that and Brawl, I can say goodbye to my bank account.
I'm probably going to mispronounce this name, I apologize.
Queltipo? I think that's how I say it, Queltipo?
It says, the Wii wheel is about as useful as jamming the Wiimote into a giant pretzel.
And, you can do that, too, as long as the pretzel is sideways.
You can actually use a pretzel as a Wii steering wheel.
We should do that on the show, that'd be fun.
That might be kind of fun.
I was going to say, one thing that's not...
And delicious.
And delicious, yeah. Mmm, yummy!
I'm going to do that.
We can also do, like, the Wii Cinnabon and, you know, alternate controller methods.
That'd be sticky.
That would be kind of messy.
Use a hamburger bun. It's circular.
I was going to say, one thing that's not coming, though, to Mario Kart Wii is snaking.
And I know that I'm very happy about that.
Apparently, according to the official Nintendo magazine in the UK, snaking is gone.
They've changed how the boosting is done, I guess, around corners.
And no longer will you be able to speed boost by waggling the controls left and right as you power slide.
This has, I guess, been scrapped, and now your speed boost is determined by how long you can hold the slide.
I'm sure someone will find a different way to do it.
I'm sure it'll be exploited one way or another.
But, hey, that's kind of neat.
Of course, now, you know how our chat room works, and a little joke comes up, and then everybody exploits it best they can.
We've got Wii Chiro, Wii Tortilla, Wii Hot Dog Bun.
That actually kind of... Wii Hot Dog Bun?
That worked.
For Mario Kart controls.
What else did I want to read here?
SSG100Matt says, Mario Kart Wii looks like it's ripped from the arcade version.
I kind of hope not, because the arcade version, I don't know, it just doesn't have that same feel to me.
The arcade version feels, I don't know, it feels stripped of the magic.
So I take all the magic out of Mario Kart and you have the arcade version.
I don't know how to explain it.
You would think Mario Kart arcade would be, like, best thing ever, but it feels so generic when I play it.
I don't know.
Is it just me?
The only thing that was cool about that was the feature to take your picture.
But, obviously, they can't do that in, you know, on the Wii, because one, they don't have a camera, and two...
Well, that we know of.
I mean, it might be one of those things where, hey, guess what?
The Wii had a secret compartment the whole time that's been taking your picture.
It has, like, you know, then there'd be ass faces, you know, for racing in a Mario Kart.
I see what you did there.
A little joke from last week.
I got it.
All right.
Again, if you want to join our chat room, chat.orangelauncetradio.com.
You know, Mario Kart Wii isn't the only thing to get excited about this year if you're a Nintendo fan.
Reggie Fils-Aime is dropping some hints that there's a big holiday game coming out this year.
Of course.
I mean, obviously, every company's got to have their big holiday game.
It will be revealed at this year's E3.
That's right.
He mentioned this in an interview with Jeff Keighley on Game Trailers TV.
He says that the second half of 08's lineup will be announced at E3, which will probably include this year's big holiday title.
Who knows?
Some things that Reggie was asked about, the orchestra conductor demo.
Remember that thing you saw at the very first E3 where the Wii showed up, which was the last E3 most of us went to?
Yeah, Wii Music.
Yeah.
Don't know if that's actually going to be a full game yet.
I mean, we did hear about that Wii Music game, but there was never any word if the conductor thing was a part of that.
It is, yeah.
Oh, is it?
Yeah, that's the game.
Oh, well, they asked him, Reggie, point blank about this, and Reggie said,
Who knows? Maybe that's one of the things we'll talk about at E3.
Kind of dodging the question.
Lame!
He also dodged a question about Donkey Kong Wii.
No, thanks.
I'm sorry, Donkey Kong Bunga Blast sucked enough.
I don't need another Donkey Kong game.
Reggie did say that all the E3 releases, or actually, sorry, post-E3 releases, will be, quote, maximizing all of our key franchises.
So you can bet it's going to be either like an F-Zero game, the Animal Crossing game, which most people are speculating.
I would bet it's the Animal Crossing game. It's going to be their big holiday title.
That's what I think.
And what other big franchises have they still got a milk?
Kirby?
They haven't really milked Kirby on the Wii yet, have they?
No.
They did milk Kirby on the DS, but not yet.
I think there's going to be some type of Animal Crossing that will have some nifty little online feature that's going to make everybody want it.
I say Animal Crossing Wii is their big title.
They better fucking release Excite Truck 2.
What if F-Zero was kind of Excite Truck-ish?
It's not.
I'm sorry, that's like saying wipeouts, you know, like, Excite Truck.
It's not.
It's just, eh.
It's too hard.
Dark Sakura, any thoughts on what the big title could be?
I was thinking about it.
And I am leaning toward Animal Crossing?
Mm-hmm.
Or possibly a Donkey Kong?
The problem that I had, because he said it's for the gamers, which makes you kind of think it might be something for more hardcore gamers, but also something that people would like to get into and stuff.
Animal Crossing, not really for the hardcore gamers, but that sounds feasible that they would do that.
And every single Animal Crossing game I've ever heard of has always come out around that time of the year.
So, you know, that'd be my guess.
And because they're whores like that and they would want to do that.
And now, especially once we get to that point in, you know, when that game is released, they'll have a perfect service for downloadable content and microtransactions and ooh, we can pour the hell out of that.
Yep, yep.
I'll tell you my Dark Horse candidate, though.
The game that, you know, maybe it's just hope that this would be their big announcement.
But I would say my Dark Horse candidate for the holiday game would be Kid Icarus on Wii.
But I don't know, I mean...
I think that's coming, but I don't think that's going to be it.
I have a feeling it's going to come back.
I mean, it just worked so well in Smash Brothers.
And like, I mean, you watch some of those cinematics and play some of those stages and you're like, God damn, they could put out a Kid Icarus game on the Wii and it would be awesome.
So, or as Act F says in chat, Kid Week-er-us.
New Mario RPG, that would be fucking awesome.
Yeah.
We'll see.
Let's see, some other comments from chat.
Devay in chat says, Microsoft took all the DK platformer game rights after they purchased Rare.
Odd1 says, yeah, it's probably Animal Crossing.
They said at the end of the anime movie that it'd be coming.
And it's also kind of one of those obvious things, like, someday there will be another Zelda game and another Mario game.
I just wish, though, that Nintendo would come up with a new franchise.
I'm all down with that, too.
I think they should come up with a new franchise.
Because it's nice, you know, that we get a new Mario game and a new Metroid game, but it's like, you know, you take all the surprise out of things because we know that there's going to be, every time you're going to put out a new system, there's obviously going to be a Mario game and that kind of stuff.
But, you know, it's like with, what, the PlayStation stuff, I guess there's always going to be a new Ratchet and Clank and that kind of crap, but I don't know.
Yeah, to be fair, Nintendo does seem to put out a few original IPs that do rather well.
I mean, let's see, they had the Donkey Kong bongo game, Pikmin.
They had, what else, I'm trying to think of the GameCube era that came out, I guess not Luigi's Mansion, I don't know.
But, you know, I don't know. I think it's possible for them to come up with some new stuff.
I mean, they've done it before.
WarioWare? Was that on GameCube? No, that started on Game Boy Advance, didn't it?
That was fun on GameCube, wasn't it?
It was pretty fun on the GameCube.
But, I mean, they're capable of churning out some new stuff once in a while when they really want to.
Wii Sports 2.
We're going to whore that franchise like a bitch.
Well, Wii Sports is kind of a new IP, right?
That could be a holiday title too, why not Wii Sports 2?
You know the soccer moms across America would eat that shit up.
Because they're going to whore it like a bitch, I'm trademarking that.
Alright, well, we'll see at this year's E3.
Well, for things that we said we would stop and wait and see on.
It looks like Manhunt 2 is getting a UK release after all.
According to the BBFC, they have no alternative but to give the 18 certificate to it.
Because, basically, I guess they were overruled.
It was actually twice rejected and it went up for review again and they said, okay, we have to.
So they finally just caved?
Pretty much.
That's kind of interesting.
It was actually, the video appeals committee gave it their own review and so because they've decided it should come out, it's going to come out.
You know, I guess I'm not too surprised by this but what kind of makes me think that maybe they finally decided to let it come out is maybe they saw what happened in America is that the game came out and nobody cared because the game kind of sucked.
Maybe.
I'm wondering if that didn't have an influence on it where they're like, well, I don't think it's really going to pollute the masses because the game kind of sucks.
No, they said that they were very unhappy with the appeal but they were basically strong armed into it.
I saw that they had a modified version for the Wii in case you have a mod ship and stuff with all the, you know, blurring crazy lighting gone.
Whatever.
Too bad the game sucks and, you know, it's not worth playing.
Do we have any, I know we don't have a whole lot of overseas listeners that listen live but are there any of our overseas listeners planning on purchasing this game overseas?
I bet I'm going to hear a lot of no's.
You don't want it.
Do yourself a favor.
But there's no release date announced for it yet.
If you want to see something like, if you want to play a game kind of like that, I guess, and more fun, maybe try the Godfather game and maybe No More Heroes.
Or just wait for something better.
There you go.
Even better.
Something better.
I like that.
Something better, the game.
That could be the new Nintendo IP.
Something better.
Something better.
You're going to buy it.
Yeah.
So we may be getting WiiWare in May but of course Japan being super awesome and everything.
They get it March 25th and they're going to be launching with quite a few games.
Right now they've got, of course, some of these I don't think we're getting but Okiraku Ping Pong Wii by Arc System for 500 points.
Word puzzle Mojipitan Wii for 1,000 points and I hear that one also has microtransactions too for little bonus puzzles that you can buy.
Oh, hooray.
Sakusaku Animal Panic by Konami for 1,000 points.
Star Soldier...
Wait, 4,000 points?
1,000 points.
Oh, I thought you said 4,000.
I'm like, fuck that.
Ain't worth buying that.
Ok.
Star Soldier R by Hudson for 800 points.
My Life as a King Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles for 1,500 points.
Angel Solitaire by G-Mode for 500 points.
Dr. Mario and Baculous Extermination for 1,000 points.
I love that name.
Sounds painful.
Baculous.
Everybody's Pokemon Ranch for 1,000 points and Long Puss by Genki for 1,000 points.
Sounds not bad.
I don't know.
I'm kind of looking forward to the service.
It'll be interesting to see what kind of games are on there.
When are we supposed to be getting that here?
Did they say May?
It was like May 20 something.
I think May 20th or around that time.
So what's so special about these games?
What's going to make me want to purchase them?
I mean, what's interesting about it is that you won't really be able to play a demo.
Well, I don't know.
I guess we don't really know until the service launches in Japan what kind of secrets might be waiting, but you don't really get to play demos of the games.
Assuming it runs like Virtual Console, you don't get to really play a demo of the games.
You don't really play any of these games online with other people.
Or is that slowly going to be coming out?
You might be able to. I'm not sure.
And there's no achievements or leaderboards or anything we're hearing about.
What's the perk to get these games?
They're just more games.
I guess.
I mean, I guess maybe that's a stupid question because a lot of games that you might buy on the PC and stuff don't have a lot of those types of frills.
Especially the casual-type games.
But, you know, I don't know.
I think now in this day and age, part of the charms of having the online connections and online gaming is getting to somewhat compete with friends.
I really don't like the way that Nintendo handles their online, especially the friend stuff, the friend codes.
That's got to go.
Well, we'll see.
I mean, when the service actually launches in Japan, which is very, very soon, only about a week away.
Actually, we should know more details on next week's show, right?
Because they're a day ahead in Japan.
I would think so, yeah.
So we should know more next week's show.
Except today's the 16th and that would be the 23rd.
Oh, wait.
I can't do math.
I'm sorry.
Okay, then two weeks.
Two weeks will know more details.
All right.
Well, in the meantime, we do know some more details about some of the other games that will be coming out on the WiiWare.
One of them is Tetris.
Tetris Online will be coming on the WiiWare and you can play it with up to six players.
And I'm guessing since it's a matchup with Tetris Online, I'm guessing you can play up to six players online.
I'm looking at these screenshots, I see two different Miis.
Well, you would have to be able to play up to six players online since the Wii can only support up to four.
Oh, snap.
Well, technically you could do five because remember, was it Bomberman?
You could do the fifth one with the GameCube controllers, yeah.
So I'm assuming, yeah, some of these games are going to be online, which is a little better now.
So if you need another version of Tetris, you'll be able to play that on the Wii very soon.
One thing I want to point out, though, based on some of these screenshots I'm looking at that's kind of cool,
I'm looking at one particular two-player mode and it looks like the wells aren't separated.
It actually looks like the wells are combined into one giant well.
So I'm not sure if there's a two-player mode where maybe both players play one giant board at the same time.
That's kind of interesting, a different spin on a well-known formula.
Yeah.
It looks like this game might bring some new things to the table, which is a good thing.
You need Puzzle Fighter Wii.
I just asked about why I would need these types of games.
Puzzle Fighter Wii.
That'd be awesome with like Street Fighter IV characters.
You never know.
RasteelUT comments in the chat room, chat.orangewoncholster.com.
Ooh, Tetris, that's so new and independent.
Well, in a way, if you think about the history of Tetris, it actually is a very independent game at its roots,
but I mean, I get the point.
Obviously, it's not that anymore.
And people are still playing fucking Pac-Man Championship Edition.
That's just Pac-Man with neon lights.
I mean, that's all it fucking is.
But Pac-Man Championship Edition is kind of rad.
I don't know.
There's something about it.
And Pac-Man.
It's neon lights and rave music.
You know, all you need to do now is come out with like the Pac-Man DS system,
and all you whores will buy it like nothing.
Darkdetsuya comments in the chat room that, Rob, they actually had that mode that I'm describing there on Tengen Tetris.
Remember the Forbidden Tetris on the NES many years ago?
I have it.
That got cut up on a licensing debacle?
That would be even a better name for this online version.
Forbidden Tetris.
Forbidden Tetris.
I have Tengen Tetris.
Yeah?
Yes, I do.
So you own Forbidden Tetris?
Yes, I do.
I want Tangram Tetris.
That would be fascinating.
Whatever happened to the really shitty Tetris knockoffs we got?
Like, remember when Tetris got really popular like in the early 90s or so?
We got tons of just shitty, shitty ripoffs.
We had Word-Tris and Hat-Tris and what else?
Face-Tris.
But Blastris was real.
Well-Tris.
Tetris 2 Bomb Bliss.
Blastris was fun because you could shoot things.
Shooting always makes things better, right?
It was a Super Scope game.
Alright.
That was what made it cool.
Alright, enough reminiscing, I'm sorry.
Well, something else that is cool, and this is particularly cool for me, because I love
Hudson, and they're bringing us a real Bomberman.
Well, okay, it's for WiiWare, and it actually is real Bomberman.
I mean, we're talking about up to eight players in one game, at least that's what Famitsu
says.
It's going to be out in Japan in June, so hopefully we'll get it not too long, I hope.
But it's Bomberman.
I love Bomberman.
I know, and Bomberman's cool and all that.
I don't know, maybe it's just me.
I'm a little burned out on Bomberman.
How can you be burned out on Bomberman when all we've had are like little minigame crap
and then that horrible, horrible, I'm going to be Bomberman, but I'm going to be hardcore.
Oh, Bomberman X-Zero?
As in, piece of shit Bomberman.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
There was, and maybe that kind of just ruined Bomberman for me, like it's like watching
your childhood get raped right in front of your eyes.
We still regularly break out the Super Nintendo and the MultiTap and play, you know, Bomberman
2, Super Bomberman 2.
I'm thinking more of the recent Xbox Live one.
Remember how they had a Bomberman come out on Xbox Live, and it was pretty faithful to
the original?
I just, my resounding reaction to the game was, meh.
But this is an actual new Bomberman, it's Hudson!
Listen, Hudson, we play Bomberman on every system that's ever been made, ever, and then
some, and then you release four versions of it.
Listen, I know that it might seem like a good idea to release a lot of these each year,
because, you know, you need money.
I understand that.
But, at the same time, I don't know, other companies need to do the same thing, because,
fucking, fucking aye dude, how many Harvest Moon games do they really need to fucking
make?
I mean, they're really getting bad at that shit.
There's like four games coming out each year now.
I'd say more than four games.
I mean, that's whoring.
Okay, I'm reading something else on here on the actual Famitsu article.
Sure.
And from what I can see, you can actually play as your me as a character in this game.
Oh, in that case, I gotta buy that.
I sense that comment has a hint of sarcasm.
Well, no, I'm picking, I'm just trying to pick out what I can actually read on this.
That is kind of cool, to be honest.
I think that is an interesting feature.
I don't know why.
Can I mail away for an actual bomb, like, piece of plastic that I can put on my Wii
remote so that, you know, I can pretend I'm the real Bomberman, and look at me, I have
a bomb controller.
It's also saying something in here about you're getting a whole bunch of extra bonus items
and bomb upgrades.
You know, the usual stuff, it looks like there's some new stuff in here, and there's also,
it looks like, more area effect bombs on here, too.
I was just reading this over.
DarkSakura, somebody is in your fan club in chat.
Somebody is on your side here.
Odd1 in chat says, Bomberman is like Metal Slug.
I only want more, damn it.
Yes, okay.
Okay, how, how, you, you know that if I really like a game, I tend to like the entire series
of it, no matter how much repetition it has, which makes me really pissed off that they
haven't done another bus to move and we just got dance on it.
It's people like you that will make SNK constantly release the same damn game over and over and
over again.
It's people like me that keep SNK in business.
Yeah, seriously, because if people smarten it up and say, hey, wait a second, didn't
I buy this like four times already, that, you know.
Well, maybe they'll actually bring out the sequels that I want, which I'll get into later
in the show.
Here's my suggestion, though, for how to make Bomberman a little more appealing to
people like me.
Forbidden Bomberman.
He's on to something.
In blood effects.
I'm telling you.
I want blood effects.
God damn, I'm working on the wrong side of gaming.
I shouldn't be bitching about games like I do on the show.
I should be making games.
Okay.
Show of hands in chat.
Forbidden Bomberman, Y or N. Listen, here's what you need to do, okay.
This is a small bit of innovation, and it's ripping a little bit off of Taito, but who
cares.
Bomberman, mixed with Rampage.
You're blowing up cities, and you're fighting each other.
Who doesn't want that?
People like blowing things up, but they want a little bit more than just blowing up little
cartoon characters.
We need to take out, like, cities.
I like Rampage.
We need to quit our damn jobs and start a gaming company.
You are on a goldmine here.
Bomberman mixed with Rampage.
Genius.
Forbidden Bomberman.
Who doesn't like to blow up cities full of innocent people?
In games.
Only in game form.
Not in real life.
Just in game form.
Just great stress reliever.
Bomberman Rampage.
Alright.
Anyhow.
If Bomberman's not your type of game, then maybe this brand new game called Oichi De
Puti Puti, which, I know that sounds retarded, and it is kind of retarded.
It's actually a game based off of this toy that you can get, it's a keychain toy called
Puti Puti, and what it does is it makes bubble wrap popping noises, and this whole game is
popping bubble wrap.
Yes, they really want you to pay eight dollars, or eight hundred Wii points, to buy a game
that you pop bubble wrap.
I want it.
It's pretty.
Pretty dumb!
No, I was looking at the backgrounds and stuff, that's actually kind of pretty.
Game bubble wrap.
Awesome.
You know.
I have bubble wrap at my house.
How about the real thing?
Like, I like popping real b-
This is, honestly, this reminds me of when I went to Barnes and Noble like ten years
ago and found a big thick book full of fat bubble wrap.
I'm not joking, and it was called Stress Relief Book.
I am not kidding.
Are we sure there's not more to this, like maybe it just looks like it's a bubble wrap
popping game, but maybe there's more to it that we just don't know about yet?
I don't think so.
Is that a bad translation thing gone wrong?
I don't think so.
It's put out by Namco Bandai, so.
I mean, like-
So Pac-Man's gonna come out and eat it.
For less than that, though, I could go to See's Candies, because we all know the best
part of See's Candy is that you get the little bubble wrap with everything you buy.
I think that's California only.
Is that only in California?
I think so.
Well then, you know what-
I had never heard of See's until I moved out here.
Okay, the national and international people can just deal for a minute here.
California only for a minute here.
It's like getting something in the mail.
The best part of See's Candy is that you get a little piece of bubble wrap in the pack
with the candy.
I mean, think about it.
For $10, I get a little box of candy, and not only do I have real bubble wrap to pop,
but I also have- wait for it- candy!
Hello!
Here's the best part, though.
There's 40 levels that you'll be able to play, and of course it features vibration feedback.
Ooh.
Yeah, and in fact, they have a little link here on asovision.com slash pooty pooty.
You can watch a little movie of this stupid little bubble wrap thing, which- oh my god.
You like- that's crazy looking.
It looks like bubble wrap, but it's little buttons, and you pop them.
It's for stress relief.
It's bubble wrap that never wears out!
I mean, that right there is genius.
Amanda in chat is correcting me and says, the best part is that you get free samples.
I forgot, every time you go into C's, they actually give you a free sample.
Free is the best part.
Let's see.
Quelltippo, who has a name I'm probably still mispronouncing in chat, says, will it be like
gals panic and after you pop the bubble wrap, you see a naked girl?
No, this has a picture of T. Oh, hooray, a picture of T. Oh my god, this is great.
I want one.
Oh my god.
And it looks like this website sells them in five different colors.
White, blue, pink, orange, and black.
Hell, we can sell orange ones.
I want one to annoy people at work with.
I'm totally going to get one.
Well, let's talk about more incredibly awesome games that you can be spending your money
on in the near future.
There is a new game that is coming out on the DS, and it's called Babysitting Mania.
It's actually a game that you can play on the PC right now.
It's available at fenomengames.com, that's F-E-N-O-M-E-N dash G-A-M-E-S dot com.
You can actually play a game called Babysitting Mania, and here's how they advertise it on
the site.
From the makers of Nanny Mania comes the all new hit, Babysitting Mania.
Find out if you're the ultimate babysitter.
What if you didn't expect was 20 of the craziest houses you've ever imagined being...
And if the babies don't behave, then they get beat mania.
Now now.
That's not cool.
Alright, uh, yeah, but apparently they're porting that to the DS.
Why?
Because there's money in them DS's.
Apparently.
Apparently.
I think if one person buys it, they'll make back their budget.
I guess.
Well, anyway, how about something a little bit better, or maybe worse, depending on your
opinion of certain characters in the Sonic franchise.
Sonic RPG, of course, it's actually Sonic Chronicles, is coming out on the DS, and it
has been confirmed that we are getting some of Sonic's buddies, especially Bill, I'm not
saying Bill the Cat, Big the Cat.
It's the same Bill the Cat, because, you know, we're coming up on election season.
And I used to vote for Bill the Cat.
And plus, Bill the Cat in the game would actually be kind of cooler, I'm sorry.
He'd just walk around spitting on things, and hacking up hairballs, and then getting
drunk with, I guess, hot naked chicks or something.
But no, Big the Cat is definitely going to be in it, and it's of course being put out
by Bioware, and people, basically the co-founder who they were interviewing, Ray, is it pronounced
Musica, I guess, anyway, they actually asked him, you know, well, a lot of people don't
like these characters, he's like, well, the whole point is to make you attach an emotion
to the character, and dislike is an emotion.
It's like, okay.
Anyway, he says that all the characters are going to be really pivotal to the game, and
it's not like a whole bunch of little mini-games, but something that's fully interactive, so.
I guess, I don't know how I feel about that.
I actually thought that Big's part of the game was the most annoying part of Sonic Avenger.
Here, Froggy.
It should stop making retarded Sonic characters.
Like, Amy was cool, because she watched her own smack and stuff with a hammer.
That was cool.
Knuckles, cool.
Mecha Sonic, really cool.
But, no.
Can I take the show on a completely random, unrelated tangent for just a minute?
Oh, I know.
I know what you're reading.
That's the best thing.
Here's the thing, when you were talking about build the cat, I started thinking about all
these comic book cats, right?
I'm like, oh, then there's like Felix the cat, and there's, oh, oh, you know, all these
other cats, right?
Felix the cat is great though.
But then I thought about Garfield, and that made me think about Garfield minus Garfield.
Have you seen this cartoon?
Yes, I have.
It's the best thing ever.
They're more funny.
Yeah, exactly.
Because, like, Garfield's not funny.
But if you take out Garfield, it's actually really funny.
And there's this blog.
All the ones with normal.
There's this blog all about it.
It's garfield minus garfield dot t-u-m-b-l-r dot com.
Whatever happened to our website of the week segment?
It became the classic video game of the week segment.
You know what?
We need to just, just for a minute here.
I'm hijacking the website of the week segment.
My website of the week is garfield minus garfield dot t-u-m-b-l-r dot com.
Check it out.
It's hilarity.
Maybe you'll link it in the chat room for people.
Oh, sure, I'll do that for you guys right now.
Sorry live listeners.
There you go.
Anyway, sorry, there's your completely random off the subject tangent for tonight.
There you go.
Sorry.
No, it's okay.
Network problems, random tangents, sickness, this show has it all tonight.
Before you broke off on that whole Garfield thing, I was starting to say that Sonic and
his friends are kind of reminding me of Godzilla and the other monsters.
They had the staple monsters that they made and then they just started getting ridiculous
with the monsters, just not even trying.
I'm sure that someday they'd have a giant guy in underwear with broccoli on his head
or something like that and call it some fucking monster or whatever.
That's how ridiculous it is to get him.
Stop making Sonic characters and make some better Sonic games.
Hopefully this one is a little bit better.
I don't know.
Broccoli Man sounds kind of funny.
I mean, that's where the Mega Man series was going.
Perfect example, perfect example.
Broccoli Man.
Right.
Well, if you're on a weight loss kick like most of the people it seems like nowadays,
then you'll be interested in this title.
It's a game or I guess a piece of software for the DS called Might Weight Loss Coach
and it features a pedometer that will actually plug into your Game Boy Advance slot.
So basically you wear this pedometer around and it will actually track how much you're
exercising throughout the day or how much you're jiggling I guess and then track your
progress throughout the DS title.
And I'm not sure if they also have some exercises or something that talks you through, but I
guess that's kind of neat.
Kind of.
A little bit.
I guess.
It just shows the DS can do even more.
Now it's a meter that you can measure how far you've walked in a day.
Hooray.
Well, the PSP users get this game called WTF.
Have you ever played WTF?
Uh-huh.
It's kind of fun.
I love WTF.
Well, you get WTF on the PSP and now on the DS you're going to get LOL.
That's right.
Actually these two games are completely unrelated.
They just both have funny titles.
The DS is getting a game called LOL and it's being made by a company called H-Tech.
They are bringing LOL to the Nintendo DS.
Basically what happens, somebody in the room will write a challenge on their DS like for
instance the screenshot I'm looking at says draw panda bear and then within a time limit
everybody else in the room has to draw, it sounds like Pictionary to me, and then everybody
votes on the winner and then you go to the next challenge.
Okay.
So at first this sounded cool because it reminded me a lot of apples to apples where you would
do something like that.
But then I just started looking at this and thinking about it, can't you do this already
in PictoChat?
I mean, couldn't you, I don't know, do the exact same thing just with a little egg timer?
Or better yet, here's the thing.
Here's how you can play LOL without even a Nintendo DS.
It's called pen and paper.
Whoa, so what do I need to do this?
You would actually need to get some pens and some paper.
Now can I use any type of pens or certain pens will work for this?
Probably like a pen that would show up, like you wouldn't want to use a pink pen because
that's kind of hard to see unless you want to go for LOL value.
But make sure you have pen, and the paper, it could be lined paper or grid paper or blank
paper.
If people do insist on having it in a virtual environment, open Canvas.
Hi, you can network on open Canvas and everyone can draw on the same picture.
Now what do we need to do to get the word out about this pen and paper?
That Yahoo!
Chat thingy with the draw board is hilarious.
Or freakin' Oikaki, do that.
I really think you're onto something with this pen and paper.
I'm not sure, though.
I know, I'm telling you.
Look, think of what OLR Productions has come up with in the scope of just a few weeks.
We have Forbidden Bomberman, we have the pen and paper version of LOL, which we can totally
undercut these guys putting it out on DS, and remember, we're the ones that thought
of Laser Cats the game.
True.
I'm telling you, EA's going to buy us tomorrow.
It's just a matter of time.
Just a matter of time.
And oh, how we'll sell.
Let's have tea and chat says, pen and paper is the wave of the future.
Yeah.
So how about the wave of the future that is actually not necessarily in ours anytime soon?
Guess who else is getting Wii Fit before us?
Let's see.
How about, I don't know, what's a country we don't hear about very often in the news?
How about...
Slovakia.
Sure.
How about the country of Chad in Africa?
Is Chad getting the game before we are?
No, but they're getting it in Australia.
Chad ruined our elections.
Same thing.
Right?
Chad, Australia.
What's the difference?
Australia is cool.
I'm just kidding.
I love Australia.
Of course I do.
And we did get Priscilla, Queen of the Desert from them.
That's true.
One of my favorite movies ever is Muriel's Wedding.
I have to say.
And Olivia Newton-John.
Anyway.
Although, I bet most people who live in Australia would tell us there's plenty more to appreciate
about Australia than just those things.
And they gave us Kylie.
I don't know.
The opera house.
They did give us Kylie.
They gave us Kylie.
We had to test it on kangaroos before it's safe for Americans to use because we're very
kangaroo-like.
So, what's coming out in...
And act deaf, hit the nail on the head.
Without Australia, you would never have the dingo ate my baby.
You would never have that.
Or the didgeridoo techno.
Exactly.
Let's take a moment to salute our Australian fans and their history.
Their great history.
Thank you, Australia.
For Moeller.
Opera house.
So, see, Australia, because of their greatness and contributions to culture, they get the
game a little early.
I thought that was very nice of Nintendo to do.
Right.
Well, anyway, they're getting it on May 8th.
We're getting ours on May 19th.
And it should be coming out for $150 Australian, which is...
The equivalent is 140 here, or 91 euro.
It's already sold over a million units.
Our dollar went to shit, didn't it?
Our dollar really, really went to shit sometime in the past couple years, didn't it?
You know, if it gets any worse, we're going to have to start calling it pesos.
Oh my God.
Sorry.
So, you know, I could go to Europe and I could work.
I could go to Europe like people from Mexico come here to earn money and come back rich.
That'd be great.
Anyway, like I was saying, it's already sold over a million units in Japan.
It's coming out on April 25th in Europe for 69.99 pounds in the UK and 89.99 euro everywhere
else in Europe.
And we're getting it on the 19th of May.
So that gets the whatever award for me, but I don't know.
Congratulations, Australia.
You've beat out Europe and America.
Kudos to you.
We're just trying to make it fair, I guess.
I don't know.
Karpat can ask a question.
What is the capital of Australia?
Sydney?
Nope.
That's the most common mistake.
But like, see, I could...
I know it's not Sydney.
It's Canberra.
But here's the thing is that, but you could do the same thing is that like, quick Australian
listeners.
What's the capital of Florida?
How many of you said Miami?
It's not.
It's not.
It's Tallahassee.
Right.
Just saying.
Miami is the capital of where old folks go to die.
And Miami is also the capital of cocaine.
Come on.
I'm kidding.
Love Miami.
Love you guys.
When have you been to Miami?
Wow, tonight.
Actually, I went to their airport once on my way to Jamaica.
I have been to Miami thousands of times thanks to the power of television.
I've actually been to Miami once and I was two years old.
Yeah, see, and SSG 100 Man has a perfect example.
You ask people what the capital of California is, hello, we live there, and most people
don't know.
If you say Los Angeles, then you need to get your head out of your ass, because Los Angeles...
Hey, wait a minute.
You said Sydney was the capital of Australia.
Get your head out of your ass.
But I don't live there, so I have an excuse.
Or get your ass out of your head, because it's Australia.
Get it upside down.
Get it.
And the toilet splashed backwards.
What the hell happened to tonight's show?
It's just, it's just, it's just not right.
I'm going to keep going then.
Please do.
Please.
It's coming out here in May pretty soon.
I'm pretty psyched about it.
It's called Blastworks.
Originally, it was Tamiki Fighters.
Of course, now it's been, it's very little like Tamiki Fighters now.
But still the same kind of concept.
What's kind of neat about it, though, is you'll actually, of course, the game has like about
20 different levels you can play and stuff, and plays a little bit like Katamari meets,
you know, a really intense shooter game.
But now you'll be able to design completely new ships, new levels, new enemies, new AI
patterns, and new bullet patterns.
So I mean, completely customizable, and you can share all this content over WeConnect24,
which is pretty cool.
So some of the levels, I guess, they were just showing off to like Joystick, for example.
One of them looked like the environment was made out of paper, and you're actually flying
a paper airplane and fighting other paper airplanes and origamies, enemies and stuff
like that.
So really cool stuff.
Plus the game itself also has unlockable versions of Tamiki Fighters and some of the other games
made by Kent Ducho.
And if you're interested in checking out Tamiki Fighters, it's actually available for free
on his website.
Just do a search for Tamiki Fighters and definitely check it out.
The game is slated to come out in the US in May, and I can't wait to check it out.
Well this actually sounds kind of cool.
It's kind of interesting that a game like this, it's kind of a, I wouldn't call this
like a AAA title by any means, I mean it's based off an indie game, but kind of has all
these features that we've been really waiting for on a lot of Wii games on it.
Yeah, it looks really cool, and actually the four games that you can unlock in it are Rootage,
Gunroar, Taurus Trooper, and of course the original Tamiki Fighters.
So that's pretty cool, and I think this is going to be one of those games that a lot
of people aren't going to know about, you know, it's one of those under-the-radar games.
Is it going to be one of those under-the-radar costs, where it's only $20, or do we know
a price point on this yet?
If I remember correctly, I think it was like $39.99.
So it's kind of your typical Wii, well, one step below your AAA Wii titles basically.
But I mean, I think the value's pretty good, I mean if it was just going to be a straight
port of Tamiki Fighters, it might be a little high, but with all the user-created stuff,
I mean you can get pretty crazy with this game, so it'll be fun.
Very good gaming story to bring us back from our capitals of the world discussion, I appreciate
that.
He's always working hard for O.L.R., isn't he?
Very good.
Yes.
But yeah, definitely there's some video footage that looks like it's on GameTrailers.com,
and they also have some links on Joystiq, you know, definitely check out the trailer
if you can.
If you've never played this game, do yourself a favor and play it, because it's really fun.
At least Tamiki Fighters is.
Alright.
Well, speaking of traveling the world and the capitals of the world, let's talk about
what's coming out in Tokyo soon, because that is the capital of Japan.
But actually, this will be the entirety of Japan, is getting these releases.
This week in gaming, on March 19th, they are getting on the Xbox 360 Armored Core for Answer,
Army of Two, Blazing Angels 2, Need for Speed Pro Street, Sengoku Mosu 2, and that's quite
a few Xbox 360 games for one week.
There you go.
OddOne in chat says this is a favorite part of the show, Rob butchering the Japanese releases.
That's why I read them, because I can't pronounce any of them.
PlayStation 3, I can pronounce Armored Core.
That's easy enough.
PlayStation 3 also gets Armored Core, also gets Army of Two, also gets Blazing Angels
2, but gets another game, Folk Soul, Unishanweta Densho.
You might just know that as Folklore, but that's actually getting a price reduction
that's already been out there, it's just a price reduction.
Also getting a price reduction on PlayStation 3, Resistance, Ridge Racer 7, which I can't
pronounce, and Mobile Suit Gundam, Target Insight, all getting price reductions this
week.
And cheaper games is never bad news.
On the Nintendo Wii, speaking of price reductions, Bomberland Wii is moving in to the best, but
some new games coming out, Spider-Man 3 just now coming out in Japan.
I would suggest you just pass on that, but maybe you want to pick up the House of the
Dead 2 and 3 with the Wii Zapper, also being sold independently there.
Dekka Sporta also coming out on the Nintendo Wii in Japan.
Moving on to the PlayStation 2, nothing really new coming out there, just some price reductions
on The Godfather and Kamiwaza.
Something to look forward to next week is the Metal Gear Solid collection, if you're
looking out for that.
Let's check out the handhelds, moving on to the Nintendo DS, Bangayo Spirits comes out
this week in Japan.
Yay!
And Chonaketsu Koku Kunio-kun Dodge Ball comes out.
Yay!
This is going to be a fun week for Japan.
Coming out from Konami, Kachushima Kosaku DS, Dikuru Otoko no Love and Success.
SimCity DS 2 also comes out from EA on the Nintendo DS, and quickly glancing at the PSP
to see if there's anything of note for you guys in Japan on there.
Biohazard Trilogy Box, but that's the movies, sorry, not the games.
But if you want that on your PSP, you can check that out.
Also a port of Need for Speed Pro Street, and since Skype was recently released in Japan,
I believe we covered that in last week's news, the PSP microphone is finally hitting the
shelves this week in Japan.
So check it out.
I want Kunio-kun Dodge Ball.
Well, you can import it from one of your favorite import retails.
Or if you wait a few months, it'll be coming out over here.
So I want my Kunio-kun Dodge Ball, which we would, of course, know over here as Super
Dodge Ball, because it was sweet.
Those Dodge Ball games are awesome.
I love all the Kunio games, they're so nice.
But anyway, for our friends overseas in the UK, I have some releases for you guys.
On the 20th, CSI Crime Scene Investigation Hard Evidence on Wii, Mystery Dungeon Sheeran
the Wanderer on DS, Ratchet and Clank Size Matters, Sega Superstars Tennis on a bunch
of stuff, Spin Out, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 on Xbox 360 and PS3, Victorious
Boxers Challenge, and then we've got some games on the 21st.
That would be Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, Ring of Fate.
We have Off-Road for PS2, PC, and PSP, Samurai Warriors 2, Extreme Legends, and that's it.
Very surprised no one mentioned Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, Ring of Fate in their
gaming weeks.
Because I heard the game came out, some of my friends picked it up, and have been raving
about it.
I didn't like Crystal Chronicles.
I didn't either, but the DS version doesn't look quite like the GameCube one, so it might
be worth a look, I don't know.
I'm just curious.
How about Chatters?
Are Chatters picking it up?
Post your reviews real quickly, I'll read some of them in a minute.
In the US, we're getting a few things that are pretty interesting.
This week, of course, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360,
Sega Superstars Tennis coming out on almost everything, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3,
Xbox 360, Wii, and the DS.
The Metal Gear Solid Essentials Collection is coming out on PlayStation 2, if you want
to relive some of those older Metal Gear games before number 4 comes out.
Condemned 2 Bloodshot on PlayStation 3, apparently a week late.
Hot Shots Golf Out of Bounds on PlayStation 3.
Lost in Blue 3 on the DS.
I'm still shocked that they actually got a third game in that series.
I wouldn't be surprised if we see a fourth one either, or horn that thing to death.
Kingstar 90's Edition is going to be coming out on PlayStation 2.
Samurai Warriors 2 Extreme Legends on PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 via download.
Some other fun stuff, Worms of Space Oddity on the Wii, Fantasy Aquarium on the DS, Go
Pets Vacation Island on the DS, which looks really weird and kind of stupid looking, Pro
Evolution Soccer 2008 on the Wii, that one also is a week late, George of the Jungle
on PlayStation 2, Wii, and the DS, and let's see here, the PlayStation 3 version of Karaoke
Revolution American Idol is finally coming out.
That totally delayed for about a month now, and let's see, I believe that's it.
Next week though, the week after next, I should say, and I can't wait for this, Crisis Core,
Final Fantasy VII for the PSP.
All right, well, moving on, talking about something recently hitting the US, DDR, you
remember DDR?
Our whole show used to be about DDR, and DDR is still going, obviously we get phone calls
from folks on Skype once in a while, why don't you love Bomani like you used to, then we
have to say, because it hasn't changed, well anyhow, actually, DDR is changing a little
bit.
E-Amusement, you've heard of this before, E-Amusement is a system they have in Japan
where you basically have these little cars, picture, y'all know, if you've been in the
arcade, y'all know Initial D, right, how you have the cards, picture something like
that but on a DDR machine, where you can kind of save your high scores, but it's also hooked
into the internet, and so you can have these global leaderboards and all this stuff.
Well, guess what, the E-Amusement system finally, after all these years, is hitting America.
That was damn time.
And this is coming from an official Konami website, DDROnlineCommunity.com is their website,
and it's got the Konami logos and all that fun stuff, is they are announcing that Naperville,
Illinois of all places, because when I think of arcade gaming, I think of Naperville, Illinois,
but this must be one hella good arcade, Brunswick Zone is the arcade, is going to be getting
the E-Amusement system, and come to think of it, this is an arcade that usually does
a lot of the beta tests for DDR, so I'm not surprised, it's just kind of funny that, you
know, ground zero for DDR evolution.
I'm not sure, because I don't know too much about Bedson, but maybe it's close to one
of Bedson's distribution centers, something like that, maybe, I don't know, I'm just guessing.
Brunswick makes me think of bowling.
I know, I think Brunswick did make bowling stuff.
They make bowling pins.
They might do entertainment stuff, you know, in other places.
But anyhow, and as Konami says on the site, it's the new online service which connects
arcade locations in North America via the internet.
Arcade players can compete with each other, review their ranking, tournament results,
save the play data, and more.
Konami will expand this new level service nationwide with Brunswick Bowling and Billiards.
So coming to a bowling alley near you, there you have it.
Now my question is, is this enough to make you interested in DDR again?
Maybe.
I say not really.
I kind of miss the old internet ranking that we had back in the day.
Oh yeah, that was old school.
But yeah, I mean, besides the fact that I do miss DDR a little bit for the nostalgia
value, here's the reason why I don't think this is exactly the kick in the butt in the
community that DDR's kind of needed for about, oh, four years now, is that the internet's
already been doing this long before Konami decided to officially endorse it.
Right?
This has been going on since, like, Fourth Mix.
That's, you know, those sites, like, what are those tracking sites for DDR?
I mean, they've come and gone.
That's how long those things have been around.
Well, it didn't a long time ago, and it was built in the Fourth Mix.
They had a code that you could write down that you could go onto the website and plug
it in, and there's your internet rankings.
And I understand this is a little more fluid than that system, but, you know, I'm just
thinking of those websites where, you know, you could type in your scores, like, they
have them for all types of music games.
You type in your scores, what letter grade you got on it, and, you know, you can get
a little signature banner, and it's basically like, you know, here's how big your E-penis
is because I passed all these DDR songs.
And then somebody could challenge you if they thought you were lying about your score, blah
blah blah blah blah.
I think it's cool.
Um, what's...
GS68 says VJ Army.
Yeah, like that, but DDR.
There was one for DDR they had.
Here's what they need to do.
And this would be pretty cool, uh, is, I don't know, you could have, like, certain, you know,
teams or whatever that you, I guess, associate yourself with.
I don't know how many, like, different colors or whatever.
And then you could say, like, you play different arcades around, you know, the country or the
world or whatever, and you kind of capture them, and they become, like, you know, blue
or whatever, or red or whatever your color is.
And then, kind of like, remember how they had with Soul Calibur?
I think it was Soul Calibur.
Yeah, yeah.
That was fun.
Yeah.
That's what I'm talking about.
Making DDR a more competitive game, right?
Yeah.
That's what I've been saying for five years on this program that DDRs needed to do.
There is innovation sitting in there in the game.
Just make DDR more competitive as opposed to cooperative game.
You could make a whole new game out of it and really kick some butt in the franchise,
but nobody's listening.
What they need to do, and I'm not sure who's in charge of the DDR games, is they need to
get someone new in charge of the DDR games.
DDR Recall, says Akdeft, was the name of what I was trying to think of earlier, thank you.
There it is.
Anyhow, so those of you that are still playing DDR, and I know we have a lot of DDR fans
at least, I'm not trying to knock DDR, I mean, obviously, it's still a great game because
it keeps you physical and everything.
Hey, if I had the money and the room, I'd be buying a machine for my house, okay, so
whatever.
I'd still be playing that.
It just frustrates me that they won't innovate the damn game.
I just don't have time to make it down to arcades anymore, so.
I'll say it one more time, if anybody happens to be listening, and I know we have folks
on the inside that listen to this show once in a great while, nuke your code, build something
from the ground up, innovate in the process, watch money flow in.
And stop, for the love of God, I know that you like doing these other modes like the
fitness mode and that kind of shit, you don't need to go that crazy with this stuff, I mean,
I think they've made it too user friendly, too simple, you know what I mean?
I don't think you need a training mode in every single DDR game, because I know I didn't
need a training mode to play the damn game, I learned just fine by playing the damn game.
Let's move on.
Can we?
Yes.
Well, there is more news out there that will make iPhone owners happy, including myself.
There are going to be some game releases, including Pac-Man and Galaga, and that makes
me very happy.
Also...
Sorry, go ahead.
Also bejeweled, so I guess it's, I mean, Zuma and Pagle, which I don't really give a crap
about, I just care about Pac-Man and Galaga.
Pagle is really awesome, actually.
Is it?
Yes.
Oh thank God, I can play Pac-Man!
I wonder if you play with your finger.
Can't you play pretty much all these games on the iPod anyway?
Including Pagle?
Which is actually one of the better, I think the iPod was made for Pagle, it's awesome.
From what I hear it sucks, like Bejeweled you have to cycle through all the gems and
stuff using the little, whatever the fuck they call that thing, scroll wheel, touch
wheel, gay wheel, whatever.
The whole screen is touch screen.
It's just, I don't know.
I think you should just be able to poke whichever one and then poke the one next to it.
I think Bejeweled would be good on it.
I think that would work pretty well.
I'm surprised they haven't put Bejeweled on the DS yet.
I mean, they really, fuck, put a PopCap collection on the DS.
Watch how much that sells.
You know what else would work out?
You know what other games would work really well on the iPhone?
New things.
New games.
Things that haven't been thought of yet.
New stuff.
We have this game that we would like to pitch.
It's called Pen and Paper.
You can use the iPhone as paper and you can write stuff with your stylus, which is the
pen.
Yes, and here's one.
It's based off a popular Saturday Night Live sketch and you have cats and they have lasers
attached to their heads and where you touch on the screen you shoot lasers at dogs and
people and sometimes other laser cats in multiplayer mode.
I just had a random thought pop into my head.
What's that?
I had a different video game experience this week but that was watching the Family Guy
Star Wars special.
Did it feel like a game or something?
No, they were going into an asteroid field and it was asteroids.
Nice.
Anyway.
So, apparently the Chinese Olympics website has been accused of game piracy.
Apparently they have been stealing some Flash games that they feature on the website and
kind of changing them just a little bit but they're still blatantly stealing them.
According to the creator of these Flash games, Caden Batrick, who noticed some very similar
similarities with different games like Fua Fights, The Olympic Clouds, which is very
similar to his Snow Day game that he has.
Also there are some other ones that were also very similar.
Of course, these have been removed from the Olympic sites as of last Monday but there
are still a couple of games that are on there that may be stolen from some other websites
as well.
As if we didn't need more reasons to say the Olympics suck.
Odd One has an interesting comment in chat that says, wait, aren't most Flash games rip
offs of each other or classic games, seriously, the Flash arena is rife with IP theft and
copying.
True, they are, but this I think was like blatant.
I mean, just like, if you made like a Super Mario Brothers game but instead you changed
it to, I don't know, a female chicken or something like that, that would be a blatant ripoff
of Mario Brothers.
And I don't know, you called it like Chick Sisters or something like that.
Wasn't that the PETA game?
Oh yes, that was!
That's right, yeah, blatant ripoff.
Not really, though, because the level design was totally different, but yeah, I get what
you're saying.
Yeah, it was crap.
Made me hungry for chicken, though.
Alright.
And really, who goes to the Chinese Olympics website to play Flash games?
I mean, are people that bored?
I don't think so.
Good question.
Well, we're just about done with part A tonight, but first off we have to read about our stupid
person of the week.
And actually, I don't know, this isn't so much stupid, it's just kind of sad.
I don't really know how else to say it, so let's cue some music to read this very sad
story.
A 15-year-old boy in the Austin area of Austin, Texas, got killed, gunshot wound to the head.
The boy was playing a video game and his friend just shot him in the head, 13-year-old shooter
shoots his 15-year-old friend in the head over a video game, I suppose is what the story
is trying to say, because they do make a mention at the very end of this story.
The boys were playing a video game, the game was called God of War.
Oh yes, because there's tons of gun violence in God of War.
Thank you so much to these kids for giving Gamers Everywhere a wonderful name.
How are the parents?
Where?
Out buying more ammo, of course.
Okay, I don't see how, there's no way they're going to be able to tie that to the game,
because there's no fucking guns in God of War.
At all.
Zero.
It just sucks.
I mean, it's not funny, it's sad, it's just kids shooting each other, but you've got to
wonder, where did the kid learn to shoot someone else, where did the kid learn to load a gun?
Maybe it was already loaded.
It's not that hard to load a gun.
Well, it's just sad.
It's not that hard to pull a trigger, either.
All right, well let's try to make the show a little better, and for that we're going
to turn to Dark Sakura to help us out a little bit.
Dark Sakura, do you think you can help make our show a little better tonight?
I could.
All right, well she's going to do that by sharing with us her pick for a classic video
game to pay some respect to.
It's called Dark Sakura's Classic Game of the Week.
And what game did you pick for us this week, Dark Sakura?
The game I picked was actually a series of games called The Last Blade, which was a Neo
Geo game put out by SNK.
I actually have the Dreamcast Last Blade 2 myself, and it's such a really, really good
2D fighter, I mean really, really good.
It's set around in...
I would have to...
I'm not really exactly when the exact time frame is in Japan, because there's references
to the Shinsengumi, to fighting for the Shogun, so I would assume it's right.
And from what I can tell from the characters in the game, it's sort of right around that
transitional period.
But it's really just, you've got people who use different weapons.
One of the guys who worked on Guilty Gear actually helped develop this game, too.
And it's really, really good.
You've also got your choice of using power or speed, so you can have a stronger, slower
character, you can have someone who's weaker, but faster.
And of course, you've got your attacks and combos that incorporate all of that.
I just really think that it's a very nice game, and one of the other things that it
brought into it was a deflect, where you could block a move, and then you would be able to
instantly attack.
So I thought that was a pretty neat function, as well.
Also, Last Blade was the first SNK game to bring in Super Campus into its gameplay.
And you've got desperation moves, super moves, all kinds of stuff, it's just really, really
a fun game.
The series is fun.
And the thing I like about it, too, is that the music is pretty, I guess, almost on the
classical end, and one of the things that I really liked about it, and this is going
to sound kind of cheeseball, is that when you go into each stage, you sort of have a
little cutscene in the top corner that sets up the area you're playing in.
And I think it's really cool, not just for the story, the characters themselves, but
the environments in the game.
And the explosive blood!
I love the little fatality-type things they do there, I just saw one in the little, like...
Look, this is the perfect successor to the Samurai Shodown series.
Very nice.
It's just a lot of fun.
Lots of approval from the chat room on your pick tonight, DarkSakura.
I believe Footy in chat said it was his favorite 2D fighter ever.
Yeah.
Ever.
Oh, sorry.
I was going to say, there was, I'm trying to remember the character that I played the
most, because I played the one who dressed up as her brother.
And I don't remember the character.
You played a cross-dresser?
Yes, I did.
I was going to say, there was another game that's out there, that sold 1 point, or, uh...
It was Kojiro, sorry.
Point one eight million now for, uh, Eye of Judgment.
Never gonna happen.
Never gonna happen.
All right, well, there you have it, tonight's classic game of the week, The Last Blade.
Just the whole damn series.
On every platform.
Neo Geo, Dreamcast.
There's one on Dreamcast, right?
There's Dreamcast.
I believe that there were PS2 versions.
I do want to say that there were, but of course, the Dreamcast one was, like, beautiful.
All right, so we'll say the Dreamcast version, then, because you're such a Dreamcast fan.
I love Dreamcast.
Really everything.
All right, so check that out, The Last Blade.
Uh, that's going to bring our part A to a close tonight, so we're going to take a break,
and we'll be back, though, never fear, with more of Orange Lounge Radio, right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights, and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
