Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio for this Part B of our podcast.
It is March 30, 2008.
We are live at orangeloungeradio.com.
Some changes coming very soon in our future.
If you haven't heard about them yet, make sure you're listening to both parts of Orange Lounge Radio every week from our podcast feed.
More information is available over at orangeloungeradio.com.
If you missed Part A, you missed us talking about PlayStation stuff and some of the things coming to Xbox Live,
like Darwinian, some Ikaruga, and the Penny Arcade game.
Now we're going to get into some Wii news, and we'll start off with Loki.
And also, if you didn't listen to Part A, then you're a witch!
Yes, you're a witch!
Damn you.
Coming to the Wii, and this is a big shock here.
Rock Band was announced for the Wii.
They're going to be getting the special edition, otherwise known as the one with all the instruments.
And that is coming to retailers June 22 for the small sum of $170.
Yes, that's almost the price of a Wii console.
And, of course, there are a few things you should know about it.
For one, the drum is white.
And number two, it's going to contain five bonus songs.
That's only because there are absolutely no downloads for this.
Wah wah.
Yeah, so, much like the PlayStation 2 version, there are no downloads for at least this version of Rock Band.
So sad.
Let's see what other stuff...
Oh, the instruments are all going to be very similar to the other systems.
You don't need to use your Wii mote in any way with these.
They're all going to be USB.
And it will come with the powered USB hub, much like the Xbox 360 release.
Did you really...
I mean, honestly, people out there, did you really think that Rock Band on the Wii was going to have download content?
I mean, did you really think that because, where would they put it?
Seriously.
The only other thing they could do is already have it on the disc, and then you download little unlock codes, but that would piss people off even more.
Yeah, it would piss people off.
The thing I would, I don't know, maybe download it to SD memory cards.
Really, I think that's what it's going to take, you know, somehow make your own file formats.
Because I know that Nintendo has their stupid block set up for, you know, game saves and stuff like that.
But it doesn't necessarily mean, you know, programs have to use that.
I mean, if you look at it, you know, Smash Brothers has its own save data.
You know, Excite Truck and Endless Ocean use MP3s.
So, who's to say that you couldn't make some sort of like, I don't know, independent file format and have it work only saves to SD memory cards?
Hell, you can make it, like, you purchase it online, download it off your PC to an SD memory card or something like that, and then that's how you play with it.
Because right now, the way they've got their download content set up, well, there is no way to do download content.
Just, Nintendo's that far behind the game.
Dream on, on all that stuff, by the way.
Just dream on.
I'm sorry, I was choking on toast.
You know, honestly, what my honest reaction, though, was when I heard that news about Rock Band being on the Wii?
I actually, I was like, I thought it was already on the Wii.
Because, seriously, Rock Band's on, like, every system, just like Guitar Hero and all that stuff.
I thought Rock Band was already on the Wii.
But I, of course, did not make that my system of choice, because I knew it wouldn't have the download songs, and I knew it wouldn't be probably quite the graphical quality of the other versions.
I can't wait until they shoehorn it onto the DS.
I'm sure that's just a matter of time, huh?
That would be insane. It would have to use Wi-Fi, I think.
You could do the drums with the stylus. Tap, tap, tap, tap.
I guess that would work.
Maybe make use of that Guitar Hero expansion.
Probably not, though.
You would have a separate guitar that wouldn't be compatible with the other one.
Just you wait.
Well, if singing is more your thing, it could be very soon that a SingStar-type clone is coming to the Wii.
It looks like it's called JoySound.
Apparently, Hudson is making this game called JoySound.
It's going to be something that you can actually get on WiiWare.
You'll download this JoySound thing, and you get it from a server that's being exclusively set up for that, whatever that is.
But here's the trick with it.
Instead of having to pay for individual songs, you subscribe to it.
They're hoping to release it this summer in Japan. It's going to have 20,000 songs available at launch, 1,000 more every month.
If they have that, I'm sorry, but that's sad for SingStar, especially when they're touting that they're going to have this huge, long thing.
And Karaoke Revolution.
And Karaoke Revolution.
Well, actually, here's the funny thing. It's Hudson that's putting it up there.
So imagine, if you will, they could do something like this and brand it with Karaoke Revolution, and boom, there you go.
You know, bring that over to the US.
But with 20,000 songs, I can't help but think it's just going to be like MIDI songs.
You know what I mean? The quality of the songs is going to be really crap.
You'd be surprised.
MP3s, I mean, they could do it that way.
I mean, that wouldn't be that hard.
But I don't know.
I actually think it's kind of a neat setup and it's a different way of trying to do things.
Again, it all depends on price.
Because that could be a pretty kick-ass party game if you have all those songs available and they can download relatively quickly.
That might be a pretty big deal.
So we'll see.
I'd be curious to see what that plays out like in Japan and if it's even going to come out over here.
We will find out.
Well, for our friends in the UK, there are three releases for Virtual Console.
Actually, what's pretty cool is there were Commodore 64 releases for the European Virtual Console.
I thought that that would interest Rob.
Absolutely.
One of them is International Karate, which is basically what it sounds like.
It's a karate game on the Commodore 64.
I know a lot of people liked it. It wasn't really my thing, but it was one of their earlier fighting games.
Also to come out was Uridium, which was a Commodore 64 shooter that was a horizontal scroller but was fairly unique from what I understand.
I remember Uridium very vaguely, but I did play that.
You're fighting aliens and stuff.
It apparently has elements from Gradius and Defender and a few others that are on there.
It's actually 500 Wii points.
Before I forget to mention, International Karate is also 500 Wii points.
I'm really curious how those Commodore 64 games are going to translate over on the Wii.
I'm really curious to check that out.
The other game that is out is Cruis'n USA.
It was a Nintendo 64 game for 1,000 Wii points.
It's Cruis'n USA. It probably still controls just as badly and is still just as weird as it was before.
What was it, Cruis'n USA?
I'm trying to remember Cruis'n USA on the Nintendo 64.
I don't remember it was very good.
GS68 says I wouldn't buy Cruis'n USA for even 100 Wii points.
Actually, no, I'm thinking of Rush the Rock.
Rush the Rock was okay.
They had that on the Nintendo 64, and no, that wasn't very good.
Cruis'n USA, no, that probably wasn't very good either.
Cruis'n World was a lot better.
California Speed, not very good either.
In fact, all the games made by Midway that were racing, not very good.
Hydro Thunder. I love Hydro Thunder.
The Thunder games were good.
Hydro Thunder was brilliant, especially on Dreamcast.
I can only play that game in the arcades. I can't play it on console.
No way. We had it on Dreamcast.
No way way.
I'll tell you what, it sucked on most PlayStation games.
It sucked ass on PlayStation.
That's it.
In Japan, you're going to be able to get one of the games that Jamie's been super excited about for a while.
Rondo of Blood, or Dracula X Rondo of Blood is coming to the Japanese Virtual Console.
Yes, that is the Turbo Duo version.
No word on how much it's going to cost you, but hey, that's pretty awesome.
And unfortunately, I don't think we're going to see it come over here because it would need to be localized and no one wants to spend any time on something like that.
But if you can play the Japanese version, awesome!
Well, all the cutscenes had text on them. All they'd have to do is translate the text and not worry about the dialogue.
Well, that's still effort, and you remember they don't want to put effort into these games.
RawstealUT in chat points out the game is already localized, PSP version.
That is true.
It is true, and so that wouldn't be that hard, but once again, it takes a little bit of effort to change all the text.
Well, isn't the PSP version all graphed up, too? It's all super graphics now?
But they have the original one on there, too?
Yes, they do.
Oh, okay.
Do they?
I don't know.
But I think the original one, wasn't it Dracula X?
I mean, it's not the new Rondo or the...
Yeah, while these guys get Dracula X Rondo of Blood, you know what we'll get on US Virtual Console?
This stupid, crappy, poo version.
No, it came out over here as Dracula X on Super Nintendo.
I thought it was our Castlevania V.
No, it was...
Because the Dracula X series doesn't necessarily fall in with the actual Castlevania games.
Only there was a Castlevania V.
No, there was a Castlevania V, I swear to God.
We did get a Castlevania V, but it wasn't Dracula X.
Castlevania V, in fact, I do believe it was re-released with the Castlevania Chronicles.
But I'm fairly positive that it was not Dracula X.
Then you're right, I must be crazy. I could have sworn it was Castlevania V we got here.
Huh.
Because they were Super Castlevania IV and I don't remember one after that.
I think Castlevania V came out on PlayStation, if I'm remembering right.
Sorry.
No, Castlevania 64 was the next action.
I'm just crazy, it's fine.
Castlevania 64 does not exist.
It's not worth losing sleep over.
It does not exist to you? It's dead to you?
Dead to me.
And to Dark Tetsuya, technically Dracula XX was Nocturne in the Moonlight, which we got over here as Symphony of the Night.
Alright, well, some other systems games are making its way to the Virtual Console on the Nintendo Wii very soon.
It's the Sega Master System.
And we mentioned this a couple shows ago, but now it is official.
They are making their way to the North American Virtual Console and they're going to cost 400 points a game.
So it makes it the cheapest system of any of them out there.
There's only going to be four bucks a game.
The NES games are five bucks a pop.
Two of the first games that are going to be coming out that should be out soon, that probably means any week now,
Wonder Boy and Fantasy Zone are going to be the first two that come out.
Fantasy Zone, of course, was one of the classic games of the week.
That's right.
Well, Fantasy Zone is a good game, too.
I mean, I don't know if the Sega Master System port of it is my favorite, but, you know, it is, for four bucks, probably not a bad deal.
So, we'll see what other types of Sega Master System games show up very soon.
I need to correct myself.
Symphony of the Night was X2.
XX was the Super Nintendo released in Japan.
Too confusing.
Damn them for releasing, like, completely different games over here in the US than they did over there.
You know what I mean?
Damn them.
Damn the man.
They just should have brought it out over here.
It was so...
Well, I've had it on this show before.
We hooked it up through the old setup.
Oh, very few people will remember that.
That was years ago.
And did screen captures and everything through the webcam.
And it was the whole German intro and everything.
But anyway, I like Fantasy Zone, by the way.
So, another wonderful, wonderful game is going to be remade for WiiWare.
That's pretty cool.
And that is going to be one of the best pinball simulating games ever is Alien Crush.
And you can actually download Alien Crush right now and play it on Virtual Console.
But it's really, really, really happy.
So far, there's only, of course, note for it being out in Japan.
But we could get it.
I really hope that we do.
Hopefully Hudson loves us.
Although, honestly, I would prefer to have Devil's Crush myself.
What happens to...
Because I have the original Alien Crush, so I guess I'm just going to have to have two.
What I'm understanding from this screen capture I'm seeing on here is that instead of the top-down view,
you actually have a slightly more diagonal overhead.
Kind of like more traditional, or I shouldn't say more traditional, more newer.
You know what I mean?
Shut up.
The current types of pinball games look like this.
Like an actual table.
Yeah, it's more of an actual table layout.
But Alien Crush is still pretty sexy.
Extra fruity, happy to know that.
He played a whole crap load of Alien Crush.
Oh my god, I think he played that game for an entire day once.
And I still meant to bring over my Turbo Duo so he could play Devil's Crush at the time, but now it's out.
Yeah.
And now he's not my roommate anymore, so...
Tear.
Maybe he'll get a Wii at some point, though, and buy the game to relive those memories all over again.
We'll see.
Fortunately, one thing he's not going to have made available to him is one of the brand new features to Club Nintendo.
That is a memory card that you can get, an SD memory card.
128 megs worth of music from different Nintendo games.
And some of the songs that they have on there, of course.
Songs from Super Mario Sunshine, Donkey Kong Jungle Beat, Catch Touch Yoshi.
That's kind of a weird name.
Nintendogs, Mario Kart Double Dash, Legend of Zelda The Wind Waker, Pikmin 2, and Super Mario Brothers.
And, of course, Club Nintendo is exclusively Japanese, and they get all sorts of cool stuff,
including, you know, what is it, classic controllers that look like Super Famicom controllers,
and DS games for the Game & Watch stuff, and that stupid Tingle balloon fight game.
So this is an official Nintendo product.
Yes.
Yet we know Nintendo kind of hates the SD card, so this thing is so weird to me.
I wouldn't say they hate the SD card.
I mean, they put damn SD...
But they just use it for the weirdest stuff, you know what I mean?
Like, the most obvious things, like extra storage, they don't use it for, but this...
I mean, like, what would you really use this on?
Like, custom songs?
So you can play these songs in Excite Truck.
Whoopee!
How many people remember Excite Truck?
You and who else?
Me!
And who else?
Nelly!
Exether.
Kate, you, your wife, and who else?
Exether.
Fine.
Hey, I can't help it if Excite Truck is the greatest racing game on the Wii ever.
Until Excite Truck 2 comes out.
Please, Nintendo.
Sooner than later.
Alright, well guess what kind of story I've got for you guys right now.
That's right, when you hear that music, you know something really tragic has happened.
And that is that another person has been killed over video games.
Or at least that's what the media wants you to believe.
A 15-year-old boy was killed by his 18-year-old friend, William Suarez, because he refused
to hand over the video game he was playing.
So, uh, what did Suarez do?
He whipped out a.32 caliber Smith and Wesson from his waistband.
Not Mommy and Daddy's closet, not under the bed.
He whipped it out from his waistband and shot his 15-year-old friend in the head.
What is this world coming to?
The killer is 18 years old.
He's been charged with manslaughter, illegal possession of a firearm, assault with a dangerous
weapon, and discharging a firearm within.500 feet of the dwelling.
Why manslaughter?
I mean, I would think murder, if anything, because he intended to kill him.
How about when you think, oh, a bullet wound to the head, that'll scare him.
Just give him the chair.
Just give him the chair already.
A quote from the article, witnesses told authorities that Suarez then put the gun down on the kitchen
counter and began saying, this just didn't happen.
So, kind of like he went crazy or something, I don't know.
Now, here's the question.
Did video games really have anything to do with this?
No.
Not really.
No.
But yet, here are the headlines that are coming out.
Family.
Game led to teen's murder.
Video game linked to fatal shooting in Brockton.
More like, Psycho killed kid.
End of story.
It's sad.
It would be the same thing as if he had a Furby a few years ago.
Or a Tickle Me Elmo or whatever the fuck it was called.
You know what they need to do to this kid?
They need to burn him.
Because he's a witch!
No, he's much, much worse than that.
Being a witch is not bad.
Being a psycho murderer is.
You see, I thought he had two lives, and so that's why I didn't know he would be dead forever.
Thank you news media, by the way, for blowing this story completely out of proportion.
I mean, it's sad, and it's fucked up, and it shouldn't have happened.
Way to take the high road.
But was it the video game's fault, or was it because the kid was a loon?
What video game was it?
It doesn't even say. Does it matter?
Does it really matter?
I mean, I guess if it was Grand Theft Auto or something, you'd go, oh yeah, another one of those.
But if it was something like Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen go shopping, or Imagine Babies or something,
then that would be kind of interesting.
Bitch, come back for Imagine Babies.
Alright.
It's not funny. I'm not laughing at that, I swear.
Alright. No, it really isn't funny.
You are too.
It's not funny. I don't know.
It's sick.
And it makes me angsty.
You know, after those types of stories, you know this part of the show is coming up.
The F years of the week.
This is fucked up.
Is that an F you to the ferret?
No, the ferret had to get a few things out from being stuck in your closet for how long.
Um, F you to, um, well I don't really want to say F you to California Burger, because really all I wanted was the pastrami.
But they didn't give me the burger that was supposed to go with the pastrami.
And I feel deprived of meat.
So, F you to that, and um, F you to my lack of fundage for the present.
A big F you poopy ball to that.
F you to money.
Well, I mean, money is just F you to lack of money.
Yeah.
Logan.
F you to people who drive big trucks that can't figure out where in the lane they're supposed to be because, you know, for some reason when people need to make a left turn, they start heading towards the right and cutting into my lane and then they make their left turn because their truck is too big.
It's not my fault you bought a big truck. Doesn't mean you have to run me off the road.
My F you of the week goes to the fact that I'm about to enter my fourth week of having pains that float around my abdomen, my back, my stomach, and no one knows what's wrong with me still.
I had a blood test on Tuesday. I'm still waiting on the results.
I'm going for alien chest popper.
God, I hope not.
Although I guess that would be kind of cool.
I mean, if I'm going to go, let's go out with a bang like that and why not, huh?
But it's very frustrating.
I'm really frustrated with the way my doctor is handling things.
What's that?
Did you have the special?
No, I did not have the special.
All right, let's move back into some gaming news.
Jamie, please take us away from Angstville.
Well, this might still make people angsty.
Sorry, but I didn't make it.
GameStop is not going to be carrying Game Boy and Game Boy Color stuff, games, systems, crap that goes with it, hoping to have it all wiped out by the end of April.
I didn't know they were still carrying Game Boy.
Yeah, I know. I'm not angsty about it. I'm surprised they still got it.
Well, you can always go to Game Crazy for that stuff.
Or Plain Trade or any other mom and pops out there.
Or buy yourself a freaking Game Boy Advance and get with the times already. Jesus.
But there were some really, really good games that were old Game Boy and Game Boy Color games.
But those old games will work on Game Boy Advance.
They will, but if they're not going to be selling the games, you have to go to the little trader places.
All right, fair enough.
I do have to admit, one of the cutest Game Boys I ever had, I don't know why I gave it to my sister.
That was the stupidest thing I ever did.
But I had a Game Boy Color that when you turned it on, it had a little Pikachu around the power thing.
And so it looked like his cheeks lit up because the power was on.
Maybe it was Pichu, not Pikachu, but you know what I mean.
I had a pink Game Boy Advance.
How girly.
And this is me who isn't like the uber girly girl.
I just wanted a pink one.
I think I wanted them because they were hard to get.
Mine was clear and has no backlight.
Well, we put a backlight in mine.
I had to use those stupid little reading light things that would clip to the top so you could actually see the screen.
Ah, Nintendo.
I had a friend put an afterburner in mine.
I think he was just happy about having a chance to take apart something technological.
Well, you may not be able to get Game Boy and Game Boy Color games, but one game you will be able to get probably pretty soon is the sequel to 50 Cent Bulletproof.
Yes, it's a brand new game.
50 Cent to Blood in the Sand.
And my god is it shit.
It's basically, if I remember the premise of it correct,
Fiddy goes to the Middle East to perform for somebody and the promoter doesn't have the money to pay him.
So instead of paying him money, he pays him in a diamond encrusted skull.
Which gets stolen by, I can only assume, terrorists.
And then it's up to Fiddy to get the skull back.
If that's not a more ridiculous plot, I don't know.
But here's the funny thing though.
I kind of think that's pretty neat because let's just go the completely ridiculous route with the whole entire game.
I mean, that's the way it should be.
Just completely take the storyline just to unbelievable like, you know, where he has to go in a space shuttle somewhere to save the moon or something.
Dark Tetsuya says, please tell me this is an early April Fool's Day joke.
I'm afraid it's not.
I almost kind of want to agree.
I don't know though.
You do bring up an interesting point, Loki, is that if it's almost like self-parody or something, it's actually kind of funny.
But I don't think it is.
I think he's trying to make it out like, dude, it's 50 Cent fighting terrorists.
How much more American do you need?
I mean, he shits red, white, and blue.
That's how American it is.
It's like, you know, no more taking on gang bangers.
It's now time to take on terrorists.
Hurrah.
Yeah, I don't know.
And people will buy it.
I mean, the first thing I thought of when I heard there was a sequel to this game is I thought, you mean Bulletproof 1 sold enough copies to necessitate this?
What the hell?
Yeah, I just wanted to make sure I have the correct name for all this stuff.
I am pretty positive that was the actual plot to this.
I wonder if this is trying to be like, you know how some movies are so bad they're actually kind of good, like Showgirls?
This is going to be like the Showgirls of video gaming.
It's so bad, it's pretty funny.
Hey, Rob.
What?
You are a whore.
You made me sit down and watch that movie and I love it.
Because it's awesome.
I guess Bulletproof sold, it was a multi-million dollar, or multi-million copies selling game.
I don't remember it selling more than one.
Who's buying it?
I don't know.
Blend of the Sand is something more exotic, more Hollywood blockbuster.
This game sets 50's character against a cabal of international gangsters on a far flung bullet ridden adventure.
They say it's inspired by three kings meets lock stock and two smoking barrels.
It's definitely a crime story.
The developer credited 50 with pushing the game's creators to consider novel locations
and said that MC played a big part in crafting the game's still secret story.
I don't know.
And I guess the game will run on the Unreal 3 engine because every other fucking game on the face of the earth runs on the Unreal 3 engine.
And will allow you to have co-op, drop in, drop out of co-op play, and other people will be able to be one of the other three members of the G unit.
Tony Yao, Wu Kid, and Lloyd Banks.
That is way too many frills for a game like this.
What in the hell?
I don't know.
It's interesting.
Qualtippo in chat says, let us not forget that Cars was one of, if not the best selling game of 2006.
You know, we have to remember folks that are really into gaming and the hobbyists like we are and probably the folks listening to this program,
we're not often times the largest market share of who's buying these games.
There's not a lot of games out there for the urban market.
And stuff like this does do really well, actually.
So, it's just crazy.
Even this?
Even this?
This?
But here's the thing.
It sounds like they're actually putting some effort into the game because, I mean, the first one was pretty cinematic.
It was just kind of retarded.
But this one, being that it's on the Unreal 3 engine, stuff like that, I mean, I don't know.
I have to see how it looks.
But yeah, the whole thing sounds ridiculous.
All right.
We'll see.
Well, one thing we won't be seeing much more of for sure.
Here's the thing. Do you remember last week we talked about that Target was selling these indie gaming shirts and that they actually came with the game on the shirt?
They already got pulled from shelves.
Really?
Yep.
They already have been pulled from shelves because unfortunately they just weren't selling.
What?
They gave it like a week.
It's not working out.
I guess they measure that stuff day by day.
The local Target buyers have those actually.
Really?
Yeah.
The one birdcage.
Unfortunately, they were selling less than what Target thought was good enough to keep it on the store.
The distributors are going to try, again though, they're going to try Urban Outfitters and Hot Topic as the months will go on.
So who knows?
But I imagine the shirts will be more expensive.
They should try GameStop.
I mean, I know I hate to push GameStop, but I mean...
Or other game box stores.
Yeah, Gaming Chains.
That would be the perfect...
Or, I don't know, allow them to be purchased on their website from independent retailers out there.
That would be the way to do it, I would think.
All right.
Well, hey, it's time for that part of the show where we hear back from you guys.
One of many, because of course we have the chat, we have the Skype line, but we also have the mailbag.
And every week we like to read through the emails and answer those of you guys that are brave enough to write us at mailbag at orangeloungeloungeradio.com.
DarkStalker is going to jump in the mailbag and pull out a few of her favorite emails for us to hear this week.
But as I understand, I don't think there were a whole lot of emails this week.
No, only a few.
Depressing.
Wow, hey, we got some spam in the interim as well.
Hooray.
And another couple of emails.
So actually I might just be generous and read the two new ones that came in as well.
So starting off, this one says,
Hi, all. First, sorry for not contacting you before, but I have been listening to your show via iTunes podcasts for about 18 months.
Big fan of DarkSakura.
Oh, thank you.
And wouldn't like to miss hearing her every week.
Aww, thank you.
So on that note, have you ever looked into using, I guess it's ustream.tv, stickam.com with chat, plus storage for shows and have been used by Leah Laporte for TWITV?
This week in tech.
Yeah, okay.
Well, basically it lists a whole bunch of other things, but as we've announced earlier in the show, we've got our plan.
Yes, and ustream.tv actually, we actually have a channel on ustream.tv.
We just never used it.
We actually, we were originally going to go with ustream.tv.
We made a last minute decision to switch to Justin.tv.
That was after the operator 11 fallout, because I remember we were using them for a little while.
So I'd actually created the ustream.tv account with the intention of going over there.
But I don't know, there was something about Justin.tv I just liked a little better.
Oh, I think I, I like the way you could, that fans could go in and cut out the highlight clips that you could upload things to YouTube and import things from YouTube.
I felt Justin.tv had a little more of the functionality.
And ustream, ustream seemed a little too big for me.
You know what I mean?
This is a lot more interactive, I think.
Yeah, I like Justin.tv a little more.
It seemed a little more homely.
Yeah, it's a little more cozy.
I like that.
Well, just to continue with the email, also talkshoe.com does live audio broadcast with chat room.
But it needs to be downloaded first order to use live server.
And you can also record the shows as you do them, which are available in the show archive.
I hope that helps.
If not, sorry and hope you find a solution soon.
All the best, Steve in the UK.
Well, hopefully you'll be pleased with the earlier news about our solution.
We're pretty excited about it.
Voltron!
Which is pretty much sort of what we had kind of thought already.
Mm-hmm.
Next email.
Hello, gentlemen and lady.
I just watched Dead Fantasy II.
I want you guys...
I know you guys have seen the first one.
It's nothing compared to the second.
I just think that it's amazing that someone could do this in their spare time.
I've looked at it several times now and can't help but wonder what Dark Soccer thought.
Well, I haven't seen it yet.
I know she loves her fighting games in Final Fantasy.
Monty Om, I guess that's how it's pronounced,
has said that there are at least five more in the series.
I won't spoil it for those who haven't seen it yet,
but I've got a few questions.
With the latest surprising characters, who do you think might make an appearance next?
And finally, which side will win in the end?
Seems the Final Fantasy team has an unfair advantage by using both weapons and magic.
I'll be surprised if they win, though.
Lastly, I don't have the time to listen to the show live,
but I've always downloaded the podcast.
It seems that there are always regular live listeners to support the show.
If you guys can find a suitable alternative to Live 365,
then how about a fundraiser?
I know it sounds a bit corny,
but I've come to like the show very much
and would hate to see any changes that would cripple the community that has grown around it.
I'd be more than willing to donate money to keep the show going,
and I'm sure most of the live listeners would as well.
Thanks for getting me through a rough day.
This is from Recimo.
And to be honest, we disagree with what Live 365 is doing,
and it's more or less the point that we don't want to support what they're doing,
no matter if we can afford it or not, right?
Whoa, the FU music came in there. Sorry about that.
I was like, where the hell is that music going?
Yeah, it's appropriate, so it's all right.
Again, thank you for the wonderful offer,
but we have another plan that we think will help actually grow our community a little bit.
By the way, Jamie, here's a little sneak peek of Dead Fantasy II,
which shows the...
It's basically, I did watch some of it.
I mean, it's just one giant fanboy orgasm in video form.
It's what it is for all.
It's just special effect after special effect after chicks beating the crap out of each other,
explosions, falling bricks.
I mean, biting down a giant spike TV should just show this all day long, honestly.
I think I'm going to watch that one again.
People would be happy.
I see dead or alive people.
Yeah, well, it's dead or alive.
It's just one giant fanboy orgasm.
It's crazy.
Riku just got thrown in that clip there.
That's lovely.
Anyway, sorry, I know that makes for a horrible radio,
but I wanted to show Jamie a little clip of that.
That's completely awesome.
You got an email from Hero Antagonist, which was a link,
and it said, this seemed like something you'd want to see if you haven't already.
It's like a bizarre twist between DDR Beatmania and a slot machine,
which we've covered earlier.
Oh, well, there you have it then.
The Beatmania Pachi slot.
So that was pretty cool.
Also, we got an email from GS68.
It says, hey, OLR crew.
I'm sure you'll recall at least twice getting emails from a blind gamer named Ranma from India.
I have something for him, that is, if he's still listening to the show.
I'm not sure if you've seen this yet, but on YouTube there's a blind gamer who goes by the nick
Geniuses Corruption, who has played through Zelda Ocarina of Time,
Zelda Twilight Princess, and Castlevania Circle of the Moon,
and posted videos of his conquests.
You can see his page.
It's, again, Geniuses Corruption, Geniuses being plural.
Given that he has proven he is blind through the front page video of him beating a boss blindfolded,
it just goes to show that even blind gamers can play video games.
To Ranma of India, you are not alone.
There are other gamers out there who are born blind and they play video games, so can you.
That's from GS68.
I watched it. It was actually pretty cool.
The game he was playing in, oh crap, I lost the link.
I closed it, sorry.
But he was playing through a GameCube game and doing fairly decently.
Cheeseburger sent us a giant ASCII finger that says to Live 365.
Thank you, Cheeseburger.
That was very nice ASCII art. I was very impressed.
J-Rod emailed one of the two that we got recently.
Hi, OLR crew. Love the show. Keep up the awesome job.
What I was writing about was concerning deeper characters and themes in video games
and how long do you think it will be before we actually start seeing this type of stuff in games.
We were recently seeing a much greater character portrayal in writing with emotions like love with games like Mass Effect and others.
I would like to see deep and mature storylines involving other things and emotions that are
quote, too hot for video games to deal with like racism, sexism, homosexuality, and various other things.
American History X and Schindler's List are very powerful, well done films that deal with very mature subjects and are in good taste.
It seems like companies such as Rockstar putting out games like Manhunt are actually setting us backwards
when it comes to being taken seriously compared to other forms of entertainment like movies and books
and that mature games that deal with big issues aren't going to happen anytime soon.
Am I thinking too negatively about this? What do you guys think?
Would you like to play games that deal with these themes in a tasteful way?
This email is sponsored by Olive Garden, home of the Never Ending Salads and Breadsticks.
Of course. That's a really good thought.
Japanese games have been doing it for a while.
I would love to play these types of games. I think it would be a lot of fun.
Unfortunately, you only really see it in the occasional role playing game that has the more mature themes, but I think it would be fun.
I just don't think they'd sell well is the unfortunate thing.
In Hollywood, you can make a big budget movie, lots of special effects and explosions.
You can make a big budget movie or you can make a small budget movie that cost a lot less to make.
Usually, those types of movies that address those themes are the small budget movies, your Oscar-winning types of movies.
Those things are usually the small little independent stuff.
While in the gaming world, you have the big budget stuff and the small budget stuff,
the small budget stuff usually tends to be indie stuff, that A, doesn't get a lot of exposure,
And B, usually the indie stuff is innovating on different types of gameplay, not necessarily
new themes in game formats that we've already seen, if that makes sense.
Because when you talk about exploring those types of themes, well, you can't really do
a lot of that in a puzzle game.
You're talking about types of games that are really involved with story, so that's basically
RPG and those types of games.
You don't see a lot of really polished indie efforts in those realms, if that makes sense.
So I think that's why you're right, it's going to be a long time, unfortunately, before we
see something like this.
And what it's going to take is it's going to take video games getting even bigger and
bigger so that more and more money and there's more budgets for different types of experiments
and try things.
But I think it would be great to have some of those things you mentioned.
Well, like I said, quite a few games have come out overseas that dealt with deeper topics,
but we won't get them over here.
Last email from Mr. D.
Big wave from across the pond to Sky Dark Sakura and Loki.
I'm a UK listener who occasionally listens live and am as I write this.
Oh, cool.
Hi.
Yeah, I must be crazy since the show starts about 1 to 2 a.m. here, but I often find my
self not getting a lot of sleep during the early hours of Monday morning due to having
frequent uni deadlines.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Your show keeps me going, so thanks.
Anyway, Dark Sakura's talk of grandia reminded me of something I've been thinking about previously,
memorable RPG moments.
My memory of-
Damn, that was fast.
Yeah.
You just brought up grandia like an hour ago.
That's instant gratification there, you go.
All right, sorry.
My memory of grandia is really patchy and I found the crossing of the wall that makes,
that marks the end of the world to be very memorable.
What are your most memorable RPG scenes?
To stop right there, that's one of them.
Actually, the whole ghost ship part in grandia I thought was really, really just awesome.
I hate to be cliche, but come on, the whole-
Opera.
Well, the opera in six, but the you know who dies in Final Fantasy VII was really emotional
and a really big step in games at that time.
I hate to be cliche, but that really is the one that comes to mind.
It was really emotional for me too, Rob.
You emotional overjoyed.
I cheered so loudly and I was like, yes, and I still to this day have my card with the
stupid hoe bag's death saved on it because I laughed my ass off and I spend the whole
time screaming at Jenova so I can get to that part and watch the death.
I'll give an answer that maybe the guy wasn't looking for, but I'll kind of take it in a
different direction.
I'm going to say games like World of Warcraft.
When you do things with your guild, like for instance, I have a guild of mostly people
I know offline.
We have maybe a handful of OLR listeners in there, but not a few, even though I've plugged
it like a million times.
I guess you all don't want to play WoW with us.
That's fine.
See if I care.
But no, we have this guild on there and we're currently raiding Karazhan because we finally
have enough people who are level 70 to start doing some of the 10-man raids.
And I'll tell you what, when we finally get the strategy down to beat one of the bosses
such as Maiden of Virtue was one of those bosses where the first couple times we went
in there and did it, oh my God, she was so tough.
But then when we were finally able to overcome that and beat her, we were so happy and so
excited because we really accomplished something.
Not like, oh my gosh, I'm going to run out naked through the streets.
I'm so happy.
But there definitely is that emotion of, hey, look, we accomplished this together.
That's pretty rad.
Yeah, I guess.
I don't know.
It's a different type of answer, you know, not necessarily a scripted thing, but working
together towards a common goal.
I still laughed my ass off in Final Fantasy VII, by the way.
Do you?
I laughed.
Nice.
To continue with the email, personally, mine are the bridge battle in Shining Force, escaping
Midgar in Final Fantasy VII, and the aforementioned wall at the end of the world in Grandia.
The Shining Force thing probably doesn't seem all that interesting to most people, but that
was my first RPG at age 6 in 1993, oh, I feel old, so it's got a special place in my heart.
Speaking of sentimental games, it'd also be cool to know what games are particularly special
to you, and why.
Keep up the great show, Mr. D.
As far as games that are special to me, Super Street Fighter II on Super Nintendo, because
it was my very first Super Nintendo game that I, that was mine, and not my brother's, on
my Nintendo system, mine, me, it belonged to me, Kirby's Avalanche.
Special games, um, I don't know, I can't think of a whole lot that, like, Super Metroid I
suppose would be one, just that, you know, just because I think it's like the really
the greatest game ever.
I would have to, maybe I would go all the way back to like the Atari 2600 and say things
like Spider-Man, because those are some of my earliest gaming memories right there, so
those games are definitely special.
I have, you know, and I, sorry, this really makes me feel old, but I remember being, you
know, little, like a first grader, and going next door to my friend's house and playing
their Odyssey 2, and playing, um, I want to say it was like a Lord of the Rings game or
something, no it wasn't, it was, um, you play either as a fighter, a wizard, a changeling,
or something else, and, you know, and playing, what was that, um, Casey Munchkin's Crazy
Chase that got sued for being like Pac-Man, which I actually still have a copy of it,
you know, I guess, you know, I kind of have, you know, good memories of that, but I also
have good memories of playing Kix in elementary school.
I'll tell you what game I used to freaking love that's very special to me, it's an old
ass computer game called Rogue, I don't know if you've ever played this game, but you control
a little happy face looking thing, it was all done in ASCII graphics, but it was an
actual game, I think like Epyx or somebody put it out, but you play this little, um,
ASCII happy face that went around and, uh, through these tunnels and you were exploring,
you know, like a dungeon, and creatures were giant capital letters that would, like a B
for bat would attack you and all this stuff, so.
Sounds like quite a number of the old, um, it was old school, but great.
Well also, um, I have to say, when I was in second or third grade, we had a Clicca Vision,
and for me it was always playing Venture and Mouse Trap, which I suck at Venture now, but
you know, I guess, I guess it's like really a lot, because there's certain games that
I would be playing at a time that I'd attach to certain things that were going on in my
life at the time, and like, I think it's entirely hilarious, Dan was trying to, um, uh, I guess
catalog things that had happened in his life, and, um, he was doing a lot of it by sort
of what he was playing at that time and what grade he was in, and I thought that, you know,
honestly, that's sort of how I correlate a lot of stuff that happens to me too, because
I'll remember, oh, this happened, and at the time I was playing this, so I have that kind
of memory attachment, I guess.
Alright.
Loki, you're awfully quiet, not a lot of special video games for you?
He's looking at porn.
No special games?
Yeah, I'm looking at news.
Gals Panic is not a special game to you?
It was fun.
Alright.
No more emails?
No.
That's it?
Alright.
Oh, oh, oh, we have one particular attachment, remember, our names are attached to.
Hm?
OLR the game.
Oh, yeah.
The text game.
Oh, yes, of course.
The OLR text game.
Put that on our wiki, people.
Where is it?
Can you still get a copy of that?
It's got to be available somewhere.
I think I've got it somewhere.
Alright, if you want to email us, mailbag at orangeloungeradio.com, but we're going
to get to the Skype line very soon, we have some gaming news first.
Yes.
So there was a rumor going around that Def Leppard was going to be in Guitar Hero 4,
and actually it ended up turning out that wasn't exactly true.
It was during an interview with a band on the radio show Rockline, and I guess a caller
asked why none of their songs had been featured in Guitar Hero or Rockman, and of course their
guitarist Phil Cullen replied, revealing at least three of their hits would be featured
in Guitar Hero 4.
Rock of Ages, Animal, and of course, Photograph.
The problem is though, it actually isn't going to be featured in Guitar Hero 4, he
was wrong, it's actually download content that's going to be coming out soon for Guitar
Hero 3.
Oh, nice.
So, there will be Def Leppard songs, just not in Guitar Hero 4, at least not those songs.
There will be Def Leppard.
That's going to be fun.
Well, you know, I was thinking, we just had a story a couple weeks ago that really made
us think that arcades were dying, I mean we kind of already kind of knew that sadly arcades
are dying and they're just not what they used to be, and you know, I think we had another
story about, didn't we have the story last week about Namco's doing something with the
Wii in their arcades, or somebody trying to like integrate all that stuff?
Yeah, we talked about it last week.
Well, here's, I guess somebody else has faith in arcade games because apparently, Signature
Devices, they're hardware and software developers, they have sent word out that they are putting
final touches on a new four player arcade game that will quote, include several well
known comic book and television superheroes.
As to who those are, that's still a mystery, could be anything, I mean it could literally
be anything from the Marvel DC world all the way to heroes from NBC, although I kind of
doubt that, but I guess it's kind of interesting that all hope is not dead yet for arcades
and depending on what names are attached to this game, because you know, well known quote
unquote, you know, that could be Dora the Explorer as a hero to some, and I don't know
if that's going to be the one that gets people to come back, so hopefully it's the right
thing.
We'll have more information on that in the coming weeks.
Well, how about some other news then?
Alrighty.
Capcom!
As in Capcom's gamer's day.
Well, they're letting, like, people who are not the press go, except they're only letting
five of them go, so basically five lucky people are going to be able to get in and they're
actually calling it Captivate08, which is, I guess, kind of an interesting name, but
if you're lucky, you get to get in and play with everybody else, but basically I don't
really see, though, anything on here about how it actually is accomplished.
I think you have to write them, basically there's a little thingy, email them saying
why you think you should be able to go, and then they pick a winner out of that.
There's actually a link on there afterwards, but you basically said it, so there you go.
Beg!
That still sucks, though.
Get one and sell it on eBay.
Well, you should enter the contest.
Don't tell them you do this show, just tell them, you know, oh, I grew up on Mega Man
and I love Capcom and Street Fighter is so memorable to me, buh buh buh, write something
really cheesy and maybe they'll pick you.
They get to go anyway.
That's not a cool lie to them like that.
It's not lying.
No, you've got to say that you're part of an independent podcast and that they don't
give the little guy a fair shake, and then you make them feel bad.
And then they don't care, and then you say, well, fuck, your Mega Man games lately have
sucked so what do I care?
Let's say you enter it and then you lose because they say, oh, well, you know, you're a podcaster,
you know, then that's a double standard because then they're saying, oh, but podcasters and
people like that aren't supposed to come to this, so make up your mind.
It doesn't make any sense though, podcasters and people in the media aren't supposed to
come to their media event?
Oh, that sucks.
Oh, I'm sorry, we're not, you know, IGN or anything, so that's fine.
Whatever.
I don't want to play Mega Man, was it, Star Force, Zerker, X, you know, Sauron or Ninja
or whatever.
It'll all be on YouTube the day after anyway.
I really don't care.
I'm just bitter like that.
Well, I don't know.
The gamer day events we have gone to in the past have been kind of fun.
Yeah, all two of them.
It is kind of thrilling to be there, you know.
Yeah, Konami was the only ones that invited us and then they moved away, so.
Oh, bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Okay.
Anyways, there's a game out there, this is free to play too, you don't have to go to
some stupid gamer's day to play it.
It's a game called Tetroid 2012.
It's a mash-up of Tetris and Arkanoid and actually I think a little bit like Silent
Hills, especially if you listen to some of the soundtrack for it.
It's really trippy, but it's free to download.
It's actually available on, let's see here, come over to the website.
It's a hundred and eleven meg download too, if I remember it correctly.
Lots of music and sound effects in there, but the website, to go check it out, it's
entity dot B E slash entity and then there's some links to the games that they make.
They made a, of course, this game and then I guess a remake of Tempest.
So if you're a fan of Tempest, you can check that out as well.
I heart Tempest.
I might have to check that.
Does it go super zap or recharge?
I don't know, but it's very trippy looking.
Before this though, from what I remember, I guess that they used to do like demo scene
stuff, you know, all the like encoding graphic little demos and stuff like that.
But it is a very trippy looking game.
I was looking at that Tetroid 2012 a little bit ago and it definitely looks interesting.
Because you charge up with like a little special meter and then when you hit the special button,
it flips the whole screen upside down and then you turn into like, you know, Arkanoid
mode or whatever.
I have to admit, that's kind of neat.
So hopefully we'll check that out a little later, at least maybe I'll download that and
check it out.
Another kind of indie thing that's come out and some folks mentioned this earlier in the
program, Rom Check Fail.
Rom Check Fail is like this mishmash of all of these like old school NES games.
It's got Legend of Zelda, Pac-Man, Mario Brothers, Spy Hunter, Kix, all this stuff in there.
But the interesting thing about it, it doesn't exactly play like these games.
Like for instance, you might be Link and you're in the Super Mario Brothers world and you're
trying to stab at asteroids and then all of a sudden you're Pac-Man and you're in Arkanoid.
It randomly changes your characters too.
So sometimes you will have like the really crappy, what was it, Space Invaders, you know,
ship and stuff like that or, you know, some of them can only, you know, shoot in one direction.
And you have to basically play them like, you know, their respective games.
It's a very interesting game.
You can check it out if you want to.
Indiegames.com, I-N-D-I-E-G-A-M-E-S.com actually had, oh I'm sorry, they're actually the ones
that I guess originally highlighted this and link directly to farbs.org that has the game,
F-A-R-B-S.O-R-G slash games dot HTML.
And they make some other games too like Polychromatic Funk Monkey.
That's the best name ever, Funk Monkey.
Is that what you're gonna name your band now, Polychromatic Funk Monkey?
Sure, why not.
All right, there you got it.
Let's see, what's the definition here.
As anyone who's built maps for tile-based platforming games would tell you, building
maps for tile-based platforming games is fun.
That's why I made Polychromatic Funk Monkey a tile-based platforming game about building
maps for tile-based platforming games. In Polychromatic Funk Monkey, the eponymous
monkey of funk brings order and rhythm to his chaotic land, arranging the blocks
he finds into towering staircases and bridges in the sky. Sounds like a riot.
And then there's another game called Fishy Fishy. I think this might be one of
my new favorite developers. That's beautiful. You can get them on the show.
I will send an email this week and see what we can do. Okay. But he'll have to
wait because I'm not doing anything special for Life 365, so maybe we can
have him on our Debut All Games episode. I have to say that I watched someone play
through a whole game of Romcheck Fail. I was cracking up the entire
time. Romcheck win! I know, win for reals. So guess what? What? We have more news.
Okay. Paramount is going to be getting into games. They are going to be
doing a mobile handheld casual games because they make money and a lot of
them are talking about tie-ins between their movie franchises and these games.
So hey, that'd be cool. Here's the other thing I bet happened. Paramount realized
rider's strike, loss of money, people aren't going to the movies like they
used to, video games, money machine. What would you do? They also may have realized
hey, Sony, Warner, Vivendi, they're all in games as well. Vivendi? Vivendi. You said
Vinvidi. Whatever. Fusion of Vivendi and Nvidia. Vivendi, whatever. Oh, and Disney or
Buena Vista. They're all in games, so why not them? Hooray! One game that they're
not making but you can get for dirt cheap, at least this weekend, Steam has
been offering Prey for $4.95 this weekend only. So apparently if you listen to this on
podcasts you've missed out, unless you bought this already. But get it now
because you only have a few hours left before this deal is up. And Prey, for
those who may not remember, was a 3D Realms game, not Duke Nukem Forever, and
involved you, a Native American, to be basically abducted onto a ship where
there's a bunch of weird, crazy shit and you can never die. We can die in the very
early levels if you're not good at first-person shooters. I died once in the
early levels because I'm horrible at first-person shooters. I played it on the
Xbox 360. It's not bad and it has beautiful soundtrack. It has an absolutely
gorgeous soundtrack. It's from the guy who did Oblivion and Guild Wars and all
that, so you know the music's good. The game itself, kind of a little short. Like, I
remember it kind of just ended suddenly, but definitely made way for a sequel.
So, all right. Five bucks, though. That's not too bad of a deal for a game like that,
especially on PC. Maybe I'll actually get that. What the hell? I'm on a
shopping spree this weekend on Steam. I only have a couple hours left?
All right, get out of my house, people. I gotta download Prey. All right, if you
would like to give us a call and chat with us, join us on the Skype line. It's
1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. The Skype line is
now open, so give us a call. We're already getting a call.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this? Hello, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this? Yeah, you're just a little quiet, but maybe that's our studio mic.
What's on your mind, Zaku? Nothing. Mine's just trying to go through, you
know, it kind of sucks that you have to ditch Live 365. Well, it kind of sucks
they had to double their rates. Hold on, you are really quiet. Can you get closer
to your microphone? It's not just us. You're coming through really quiet on the
thing. Okay, much better. This better. Much better. All right, what's on
your mind? So it sucks we have to leave Live 365. Let me see, I was gonna get
Rainbow Six Vegas, but from what I read, Ubisoft's not doing their job
and trying to get away the shit out of it. You know, all the bugs on the PS3 and
360 that are making me jittery and just making me nervous right now before, you
know, or even buy the damn thing. You said it was Rainbow Six Vegas 2? 2, yeah.
2. Have you played Rainbow Six Vegas 2? I don't like Tom Clancy games. No, I have
some folks on my Xbox Live list though that have been playing nothing but that
lately. Yeah, they're lucky enough through the crap that, you know, the current bugs that
haven't been fixed yet. Did you actually buy the game or are you just
worried about it? Not yet. I just read it on Kotaku, that's the thing. I just read,
you know, I read it from other folks that the PS3 version of the servers were
like, you know, we're basically, we're going, we're just getting really flaky
and just not connecting through games. 360 version was about the same with very
noticeable glitches and whatnot. So I kind of like, you know, I'm waiting right
now so I'm getting paid tomorrow. Hopefully if they fix the, if there's a patch
coming out very soon, that's all I need for me to actually go down to game
shop and buy the game. Well, is there anybody in chat at our chat room?
chat.orangelandtrader.com that maybe has some suggestions on this
game? Like, is it worth the, worth buying it now or should he wait for a patch or
what? Because, yeah, Loki doesn't play those games. I don't think Jamie's played
it and I have not played it so I'm kind of curious if anyone in our chat has
anything to say about it. We'll see. It's part of the beauty of doing this live
with the chat room. When we are not familiar with it, hopefully somebody
else is. Well, what else is on your mind, Zaku, while we wait for some comments?
Well, I know, I know I don't like to bring up, you know, Bimani that much, but EMUs?
Mm-hmm. By now you've probably heard it's already rolling out on, on some, on
somewhat of a national level, although it's in one arcade. Yeah, we covered the
one arcade a couple weeks ago. Has it rolled out to more yet? Still, I mean, no
unlocks so far, so I'm not sure whether, you know, at this rate if we're, if we're
trying to catch up to Japan in terms of unlocking the game, so at the time they're
done, we'll be done in like, what, October, November at that rate? Well, they've only
got one arcade working on it. Hey, we got a response, we got a response about Vegas
2. Ross2UT says, well, I got my version of Rainbow Six Vegas 2 exchange for the
360 and it's fine aside from the odd frame rate drop, which never becomes
unplayable. Online co-op is absolutely amazing, especially as you actually go
through the story this time. There you have it. Sounds like a fairly
favorable review. Yeah. Alright, Zaku, anything else before we let you go and
take some more calls? Any plans on finding a good replacement for Live 365
that won't involve, you know, cleaning royalties up the ass? Yes, listen to Part A, we are going to be
merging with AllGames.com and doing our show live on their feed and we, you
won't have to register any of that stuff anymore, it's gonna be great. So, so in
terms of the radio station, that's done for, you know, that's done for good, right? As far as
the 24-hour, seven-week, or 24-hour day, seven-day week feed, yes, it's, we're not
gonna be operating it on Live 365 anymore. Instead, we're gonna be
trying to come together with other independent podcasters to create a
Voltron network. Oh, really now? Oh, really. Will you still be able to play the music
eventually? Mm-hmm. Nothing is changing on our show, everything is staying the same.
Right, of course, I, you know, I just, you know, just wanted to be kept in the loop, just
like everyone else. I just got in right now, just playing like, playing my 360 up until
like an hour ago. Alright, well check out Part A, check out Part A when it goes up
later tonight, it has all the details, alrighty? Alright. Alright, take care,
buddy. Have a good one. Alright, if you'd like to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on
Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio, let's take another call. Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio,
who's this? GS68. Hello, GS68, what is on your mind? I've been, okay, I've been
reading the comments for this one story and think about how PC's, PC gaming is
dying, and like, there's a lot of like, comments saying about how PC gaming is
not dead, and how like, PC gaming is superior to consoles and crap, I mean, they
got me wondering, I mean, aside from the games, what do consoles have on PCs? I
mean, and then like, there's some people talking about how like, keyboard and mouse
like, goes great with like, how like, there should be keyboard and mouse support for
every PS3 game, among other things. Um, I don't know, I, I don't think there's a lot
of truth to that whole PC gaming is dying, I think it's that when a game
comes out on the PC and the console, the console tends to do a little better, but
come on, look at a game, but look at a game like World of Warcraft, that's huge,
you know what, millions of, that's only on the PC, you're not gonna, I'm not exactly
talking about like, PC games dying, I'm just talking about like, I mean, a lot of
people saying how PC gaming is superior to console gaming, and how PC can like, do
everything from like, for your homework or browsing the internet, and, and you
don't have to buy like, $500 consoles like, every few years, just upgraded PCs, I
mean, with that said, I mean, what do consoles have on PCs, I mean, besides the
games on them? I think consoles also have a lot of convenience for them, keep in
mind, again, and I think I've used this argument earlier in the show, but keep in
mind that the gaming hardcore, the gaming hobbyists, the people that are likely to
listen to this show and all that, you know, you're included in this, the way we
play games and all that is not the same as necessarily everybody who buys them,
there's a large amount of people who want to just pop a cartridge in a system
and go, and the fact that it hook up, hooks up to the TV, so you don't have to
buy all this other stuff, I mean, I think that's kind of how console gaming sort of
took off in the first place, is that it hooked up to your TV, you didn't have to
buy any type of separate monitor, you didn't have to buy, you know, separate
stuff, I would say, I would argue, those that remember when the Commodore 64 was
out in this country, and you know, it did very well in Europe as well, that's one
reason the Commodore 64 did so great, is because not only did the Commodore 64
have a monitor it would hook up to, but it also would hook up to your TV, and
that was a pretty big deal, to have a home computer that actually was on your
TV as well, so I think there really is just that convenience of having it in
your living room. I mean, even games that normally do on consoles, like 2D
platformers and scrolling shooters, I mean, there are, I mean, there are like
free games at that store that you can download on the PC, I mean, like, look at
Cave Story and Disreducted, so yeah, Llamalana, I mean, those are great
platforms, but they're not on consoles, I mean, they're for the PC, and they're
free, I mean, there's, I mean, I can't name any free console games, or free indie
console games. I'll give you one, and I hate to say it, but Yaris, but, well, there
was also Age's Wing, and, you know, a few of those, a very, very few handful
available on Xbox Live. I would like to see more, I would like to see a
subscription-based available service, or, you know, some more free perks on the
consoles here and there, but there isn't a lot of money to be made in free,
unfortunately, and with those consoles, to buy a development kit for those
consoles costs thousands and thousands of dollars, so unless they are specifically
reaching out to the indie crowd, such as XNA does, it's very difficult to procure
one of those systems and make games for it, whereas with a PC, well, it's very
easy, I mean, in comparison to just, you know, fire up a coding program, and a
C++ compiler, or whatever language you want to program in, and make your game, you
know what I mean? So, I think that's kind of the difference is that it's more
accessible to make stuff indie-wise on the PC than it is for consoles who have
a very closed authoring format. So, all right, well, GS68, do you have anything
else you want to share or ask us tonight? I have, but I have Tip of the Tongue
Syndrome right now. Oh, that's all right. Well, thank you very much for calling, and
I'm sure we'll hear from you again. It won't be the last time, right? No. All
right, well, take care, buddy. Have a good one. All right, if you want to give us a
call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. You're
wearing the ferret on your head, DarkSakura? I love the ferret. I know you do.
Too bad it's not on camera. All right, yeah, too bad it's not on the camera. All right,
my ferret headgear. Can I wear the ferret on my head for a little bit on the cam? I
don't even know if Justin.TV is working right now. I've been very terrible at
checking that chat tonight. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this? Hey, it's
DJ Ramba S from Anime Jam Sessions. Well, hello, DJ Ramba S from Anime Jam
Sessions. What's up? Not much, and that was me that told you that we were doing a
live feed of OLR from Anime Boston. Did it happen? Did it actually happen?
Partially. When we got there, we started setting up, I started to feed, and I'm
like, okay, where's the power? Where's the power? I see other dealers, other vendors
with power. I'm like, okay. I go over to the convention head, center head to get
power, and it's like 119 for the full weekend, so we're like... This is a long no
answer, isn't it? So I was like, no. So we ended up having the feed a little bit on
Friday and for about a couple of hours on Sunday. Did you, were you here for the
announcement? Because that was a heck of a show to be listening to. No, I was
having a WrestleMania 24 party, but I did hear the announcement about
where OLR is heading off to. Okay, cool. I was just like, yeah, that was, last week
was an interesting week, but we didn't know ourselves until about 45 minutes
before we went on air, just what was about to happen, so anyway. Well, because the
thing is, I actually know somebody that probably would have kept you guys going
for 24-7. It's, you know, it's okay. We got a lot of great offers along those
types of lines, but we're excited about the powers of Voltron, so we'll see
what happens. I think it's gonna be exciting. Well, what else is on your mind,
Rama? Not too much of one. The basic give you guys a basic con rap of anime Boston,
and believe it or not, you want to know what most popular items in the dealer's
room was? Final Fantasy 7 related material. Nope.
Yowie. There's always the number two item sold at dealer's rooms.
Dolphies. No. I bet there were some, though. I did see a couple. All right, what? I give up.
Nintendo merchandise. Almost every single vendor had all kinds of Super
Mario Brothers or standard Nintendo merchandise that was selling like hot
cakes. Oh yeah, was WYSIWYG there? Yes, they were. They are the big culprits for
the Nintendo goods, plus they sell Pocky. Well, they weren't selling Pocky
at this condo. Sad! They can't, because when your
convention is in a convention center, according to the contract, you're not allowed to sell
food. Well, that sucks, because I bought every burger at Fauna Mae last year. Is that the
candy hamburger stuff? Yes, the candy hamburger. I love that stuff. That stuff is really good. Well, that stuff is fine, but you
can't sell like Pocky or Ramenade and stuff like that. That you
can't sell. Lame. Yeah, yeah, I know, I know. It's kind of crazy, though, but me and my
crew, we're trying to figure out like a way around that. Well, good luck to you.
How was the con otherwise? Good times? It was great. The number one problem
was the long, long, long, long. Did I mention long lines for registration? Oh, of course.
That seems to be the problem with a lot of anime cons, is long registration lines. Yeah,
but at most cons, it's like you wait no more than an hour to get your badge. There were
people that were waiting anywhere between five and eleven hours for their badges. Eleven
hours to get a badge? You've got to be fucking kidding me. Yes, I'm not kidding. Nope. That's
crazy talk. Yeah, they print them out on these machines and the machines broke. There's only
four people on registration and the lines were going forever. Um, someone posted a link.
They did a parody of Still Alive to Still In Line. Nice. I think, and I've been suggesting
this for a while now, for conventions, they should take the old E3 approach and mail your
pass. Yeah, there are some conventions that do that, but the problem is dealing with the
mail and individual postage and the stamping and stuff. At most conventions, the easiest
thing to do is just do the normal pre-reg. You show up with proof that it's yours. They
print out the label, slap it on your badge, run it through the laminator, and send you
off. Or just don't make fancy fucking badges. Maybe people need to cut back on the badges
a little bit. But it's really not that hard to mass produce the badges like that. I honestly
think that there can be some sort of, and this is actually even a way for them to make
the money for shipping because all you have to do is mail them out by whatever bulk rate
I guess would be available for business, but have them printed out and you pay like X amount
extra to have your badge mailed to you. I know that's a good thing. I actually know
a couple of people that are like reg department heads that worked reg, and they say it just
doesn't work that way. It wouldn't work out. It wouldn't be all that cost effective. That's
how it is. Hence the paying a little extra. Yeah. I mean, that was the only method. If
someone wants to avoid the long line, then just say, well, I will pay another five dollars
for postage and you can mail it to me. Well, what some cons are doing now, they're offering
like two year badges, three year badges, lifetime badges, and pre-con night. The thing is, not
everybody's going to come up Thursday night for convention. So to give that option, and
a lot of people still do it, but the difference is you show up Thursday, you get your badge
under 15 minutes tops. AX did the day before thing, and it was just as much of a pardon
in the expression clusterfuck as it is doing day of. Interesting. All right. So if you're
not there by 10 a.m., you're basically SOL. Well, we had to wrap up, Rama. Definitely
some lessons learned for anybody thinking about throwing it on at a convention in the
near future, but any last minute thoughts for our folks? Three links I posted in a chat
room took pictures from my website. One picture is a cart, a facial looking like World 1-1
from Super Mario Brothers, and the last two pictures is the old man from The Legend of
Zelda. The first one says, it's dangerous to go alone, take this, and the second one
says, Dodongo dislikes smoke. I figured you'd get a kick out of that. Sorry, I'm looking
at the picture. That's great. I know this is horrible radio, but there actually is somebody
dressed up holding a big old poster board that says, it's dangerous to go alone, take
this. But where's the sword? Hello? Or the cannon? If you go to djvaughness.net and click
on gallery, you'll see all the pictures from anime boss in the OA. It's like 320 shots
I took. All right. Sounds like fun. All right, Rama, we got to let you go. Take more calls.
All right. Take care, guys. All right. One more call, and we're going to call it a night.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. And while we wait for a call, Loki, any quick
last minute stories? Yeah, I've been gathering stories this entire time. Oh, we got one more.
I love cutting you off. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this? The ferret's going to go. But
we don't want the ferret to go, Bobby. I don't think people can handle hearing the ferret
in a 96K stereo. I should make an audio out for that ferret. You know what? Just think
of it this way, though, DarkSakura. Viking funeral for the ferret. I'll take the ferret
home with me. No, I don't think Bobby's serious about the ferret, are you, Bobby? No, I'm
not. I know you're not. What's on your mind, Bobby? Nothing much. I've been hanging out
in the chat room trying to calm everybody's fears. Yeah, about like, OMG, we're going
to have to suddenly change everything we're doing. And I'm kind of like, have you ever
listened to the other shows on AllGames.com? Yeah, don't worry about it. What would we
have to change? Other than maybe I'll have to bring on a soundboard. No, I'm just kidding.
And you'll have to get rid of the ferret. And the ferret. And we're going to put a big
picture on our, big thing on our site, you know, saying, hey, you know, Orange Tons Radio
is coming in, we're going to get like Tingle, and we're going to Photoshop Loki's head on
it and that's going to be your new logo. It's going to be awesome. Nice. Can't wait. See,
these are all the type of editorial decisions that are being made for us now. That's the
closest you'll ever get. I'll go buy adjustment again. Go ahead, Neil. What, how many copies
are we up to? We haven't had an update in a long time. Yes, I want you to look it up.
The listeners demand to know this. What's new in your gaming world, Bobby? What types
of stuff have you been playing lately and enjoying? Believe it or not, recently I've
picked up, I got an old retro Japanese RPG kick. Recently started playing the original
Suikoden again. Oh. And it was mainly because somebody wrote me on my PS3 saying, why don't
you ever play games on your PS3? So I'm playing Suikoden. So you're playing a PS1 game on
your PS3. Nice. Yes. But it counts. I'm gaming on it. I'm not curing cancer. Your thing just
sits there on all the time. Well, not on, but it's sleeping mode or whatever, just curing
cancer all day, right, with folding it home. And I'm leading my team. Are you? I'm leading
the all games radio team. I stopped running that app a long time ago. But if I get a PlayStation
3, Bobby, we will work together, this Voltron of podcasts, to cure cancer, because only
Voltron can cure cancer. Here's what we're at right now. We're still at 0.18 million.
But the problem is it's not tracking the UK sales. But I can guarantee that they're not
any more than the US sales. So even if the number were doubled, you would still not be
to where you need to be. Very sad to hear that. So never going to happen. I'm not sad
to hear that. In fact, they only sold, was it week 10, which I guess was last week, they
sold 8,627 units in the US. Now how about copies of Let's Ride Friends Forever? I don't
even think that's on here. I don't think they're even tracking that one. I'll get back to you
on that. All right, please do. They're not tracking it because it's just too many. Yes,
that's right. It blew sales through the roof. Bobby, any other things that our listeners
ought to know about this whole All Games transition or anything they should know about allgames.com
and why it's the place for OLR? Well, for one, no more ads if you try to listen
to the live stream and no more funky players that you have to click through things to get
to it, you go to allgames.com or you go to allgamesradio.com, which is a smaller version of our radio stream
and it just automatically plays. Or you can get it on your PSP or I think we're even in
the iTunes thing if it pulls from the shoutcast directory. Basically anywhere there's a shoutcast
directory, you can get to our stream. It automatically starts playing. You're listening to this station
and it's brought to you by this right now. So it's going to be very easy. It's a higher
quality, no more MP3 Pro, but we don't plan to have you guys change anything music-wise
or anything. I know a lot of people are like, what about the music and stuff? Rob, you know
that I'm willing to talk to you about that and maybe even doing a music block from your
library or even just merging your library of music into ours during the 24x7 stream
and bringing some of your other talk programs over. I'm not keeping this only to the Sunday
night thing. Very cool. That's part of why it was a good idea. It's not just that All
Games is sucking this show up and tearing it away from what we had. I think one way
when we were talking about it was that it's now the resources of the three of us that
make this show happen and some of the other people behind OLR are now troops in the allgames.com
universe and can work towards building good ideas there. I think it's going to be great
because I know everybody over there has got ideas. Lord knows we have ideas of our own.
It's just going to keep going from there. It's going to be great.
We'll send the camera crew up there for Loki and the Tingle outfit and everything.
Awesome. Can't wait. That would be awesome whenever that doesn't really happen.
It will be at PAX. I will say this because I know you're thinking about coming up to
PAX. We're actually trying to do something really big at PAX in terms of live streaming
and I'm going up there. Kropotkin and Hendrix are actually coming out. Kropotkin is coming
out from the UK flying at PAX. We've got a couple of our Chatterbox is always up there.
Evil Avatar is their 10th anniversary for evilavatar.com. They're doing a big thing
as well. Evil Avatar Radio is one of our affiliates. We're planning on doing some big stuff at
PAX. I'd love to see you guys represented with or without the Tingle outfit.
It's mid-August, right? Last weekend in August. It's actually Labor Day weekend. It's the
same weekend as Dragon Con for those that attend Dragon Con.
For you especially. That's a bummer. I chose PAX.
PAX is more gaming anyway. Dragon Con is a little more D20s and stuff, right?
Dragon Con is more let's all fawn over Joss Whedon and everything he's touched.
Yes. I don't know. Dark Sakura might choose to go there. I wouldn't phrase it that way.
I think Joss is the man. Definitely. I haven't been to PAX. I want
to go. I like what I'm hearing and we'll have to see what we can do to make that happen,
especially if it's a long weekend and it's that far off. I don't see why at least I can't
get up there. Hopefully, if the monies work out, we can get everybody up there somehow.
We might be able to make work. We have to get the wife to agree to let Loki go.
I might actually be able to go because we do our game conferencing at my work, which
is almost the same thing as PAX, except I get to learn a lot more about stuff coming
out and that kind of thing. Oh, we should have a good report after that.
We'll see. The third thing about PAX for people, since
it is open to the public, and this is the way that I kind of explain it. PAX is exactly
what people thought E3 was. All the cool stuff that was in people's head about E3, that's
exactly what PAX is. E3 wouldn't have lived up to it. E3 had the show floor, but that
was it. PAX has the show floor. It's got concerts at night. It's got community gaming areas.
You can just get a bunch of your friends to rent a game and just take it to a console
and just sit there and play a game with your friends and stuff. That's a lot of stuff that
E3 didn't have. It's way more community oriented. It's basically what people thought E3 was.
People who had never been to E3, it's what they thought it was.
Sounds like it's going to be a ton of fun. We'll definitely have to make that happen.
The only reason I didn't go last year, the only thing that stopped me from going last
year, is that my BFF from college got married that exact same weekend. She said if I did
not go to her wedding, I would be killed. This year, no one is getting married that
I know of. No weddings. Don't plan it during PAX because I want to go.
We'll be doing live streaming from there, so we'd love to have you guys as part of it.
Excellent. We'll see what we can do, Bobby. Bobby, we've got to let you go because we're
going to wrap this show up. It's getting really late for you guys out there, so we're going
to wrap it up. Kill the ferret.
We'll try. Have a good one, Bobby. We look forward to being partnered up with you on
Sunday nights. I think it's going to be a lot of fun.
It'll be a lot of fun on April 13th.
All right. That's D-Day. Have a good one, Bobby.
Always enjoy hearing from Bobby.
All right. We're going to close up the Skype line now. We're running a little long here
in Part B, which is okay. We can go as long as we want, and we'll get to continue to go
as long as we want on all games. They're not scheduling anything after us. It's beautiful.
All right. Loki did want to get to some last minute stories, so I suppose we should get
those out.
We've got a ton of them now, thanks to you cutting me off all the time. Dick. Let's see
here. We'll just go down the list, then, of all the wonderful stuff, whether it be important
or not.
SoCom Confrontation comes out on the PSN, or the PlayStation Network, September 16th,
and a great addition to the SoCom series. It looks pretty, and yeah, look forward to
that in the fall.
Another game coming in the fall, Far Cry 2, that's coming to consoles. They'll release
Xbox 360 and PS3, as well as PC. No word on exactly when, but fall-ish area.
Madden turns 20 this year, and Madden 09 will be coming out August 12th, as well as a collector's
edition, which will feature exclusively NFL Head Coach 09, which I'm glad, because that
game sucks, or at least looks like crap. I know the first one didn't sell very well for
me, and I don't want to push this one, so awesome.
And let's see here. There is a rumor about what Sega will be showing off at their Gamers
Day. Some of the stuff rumored in there, a brand new Knights game, and also a new Eternal
Arcadia game. Some other stuff, of course, a preview for Sonic Unleashed, which I think
we've all seen that anyways, and a game called The Crucible, Evil Within. I hope that's not
based off the book, and you know where I want to go with this, and I'm just biting my tongue,
but that is too funny that they are actually thinking about putting a game about which
trials out, which... I don't know if it's based on that, but...
You can't write that, folks. You can't write it.
And Super Monkey Ball for the iPhone, tentative. Also, Samba de Amigo.
Wait, Samba de Amigo on the iPhone?
No.
Oh. Oui. Oh. Okay.
Let's come out of this summer, by the way. Remember we talked a little bit a while back
about that homebrew game being made, Super Mario Fusion, that's going to have levels
featuring Mega Man and Halo and stuff like that? Well, they have a new video up now that
shows one of the new suits you can get from Mario, which is a Mega Man suit with all the
sound effects and stuff from Mega Man. There's also apparently a Halo Spartan suit that you
can get from Mario as well, so looking for that game when that comes out eventually.
There's a rumor that some DS Lite colors are coming to the UK soon, including green, ice,
blue, and red, and I'm not surprised, because Nintendo likes to put out a ton of different
colors of these things. French retailer is listing Grand Theft Auto
4 for the DS, although that might be a misprint, but who knows?
Let's see here... Echo Chrome's coming to the US, like we said, I think sometime in
April, for 10 bucks, so that's not bad. Right now, you can actually download on the
PlayStation Store R-Type command, if you want to play a demo of that for the PSP. That's
that one that's like a RTS R-Type game. It's kind of weird.
Interesting. Another game coming out in April, Happy Tree
Friends, False Alarms, coming to Xbox Live Arcade. That'll be pretty interesting to see.
Speaking of Xbox Live Arcade, it's actually going to be down on April 1st, that's not
a joke, and they'll be doing some maintenance on there.
Another game actually coming out next week, and this will be cool if this is true, the
Xbox Live Arcade game for this week, Mr. Driller Online. It has been spotted on the Japanese
Xbox.com site for 800 Microsoft points. It's going to feature two to four player multiplayer
battles, three to four player multiplayer tag battles, and single player standard driller,
single player quest driller 100 puzzles. That's kind of neat.
And that's it. All right. That was a lot of last minute stories. There's a lot of late
breaking stuff tonight, or just stuff we were too lazy to get to otherwise.
And I'm going to post this in chat room. It's a wallpaper featuring portal warning signs.
It's funny. All right. We'll check that out.
Now, that's going to bring us to the end of our show, except we've got one more thing
to do, and that's go around and get everybody's final thought. Dark Soccer, your final thought.
Ferret. My final thought is, why did I go out and
get the Ferret? I could have just told her that I lost it forever.
I'm nice. That's my final thought. I'm super nice.
I could have kicked you. Loki, your final thought.
My final thought is, I want to get to playing some more games this week. I have a lot on
my plate and a lot that I haven't gotten to yet, and hopefully we'll get some curling
action going on after the show on Justin TV. That's right. Hopefully the video cap works
this week as opposed to last week's price score.
Well, that was the PSP, and the PSP apparently sucks for video outs.
Yes. Final thought, lesson learned. I didn't know this before. Maybe I'm just stupid, but
if you want to do video out, you have to do component. You can't do.
You can't do games over composite, which is, you know, they don't seem to mention that
on the packaging for composite cables or anything. It's something you kind of have to learn,
so I'd be pretty pissed off if I didn't have a high-def TV and I was trying to do video
out on that stuff. Apparently it works for UMD movies, but why they can't implement that
for, you know, the composite cables is beyond me. I don't know.
All right. Well, that's going to do it for another week of Orange Lounge Radio. Thank
you guys so much for tuning into us and downloading and supporting independent radio and independent
podcasting. Remember, if you like what you hear, just tell a couple of people you know
about the show. That's how we will slowly take over the world with our friends at the
Voltron of podcasting. That's going to do it. We'll see you next week for the last show
on Live 365. Although, honestly, for most of you folks that listen on the podcast forum,
you're going to be like, what changed? Not a lot. So that's going to do it, though, for
this week. So until next time, we'll see you here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
