Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday evening, March the 2nd of 2008, where we're taping episode number 269 of Orange Lounge Radio live, as we do here every Sunday night, at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
In Part A, you missed a whole bunch of Sony news. We talked about Metal Gear Solid 4, some of the new bundles that are coming out, the departure of Phil Harrison, just a lot of that.
Now we're going to get into some Nintendo news in this segment. Yes, Logan? Yes. Now, of course, like most things, Nintendo hasn't made an official announcement on the Mario Kart Wii Date, but that doesn't mean that retailers haven't figured out when it's coming out.
Including such wonderful websites as GameFly, GameStop, Circuit City, and I think a few others, have it listed as April 27th, that's two days before Grand Theft Auto 4, and that would also be a Sunday.
Is this going to happen or not? Who knows? Do you think they're doing that to specifically get the jump on Grand Theft Auto 4, or is it kind of one of those, ah, I think they're going to be out of, you know, they need to press them, they need to have enough time to press those discs.
And also, the other thing that's really going to hamper that game is the production of those two fucking wheels. It's absolutely retarded, but if you were a betting man, 27 would be a very good bet.
Very good odds on that bet, alright. You know, maybe one thing that the game has been, because it was originally supposed to come out late last year, right? Wasn't it originally a Christmas release that got pushed back a little bit? Something like that, our first quarter, I don't know.
Well, anyhow, perhaps one reason they pushed it back is because, guess what guys, Mario Kart Wii, it looks like Nintendo has finally caught on, Mario Kart Wii is going to have online chat in it.
It's about time, I mean, Xbox has been doing this for years, right? Oh, I see. Mario Kart Wii will be supporting online text chat.
That's right, you'll be able to send text messages to your friends over Mario Kart Wii, provided that they are on your friends list, you have their friend codes and all that stuff, you will be able to text.
And you can do it before matches, it's assumed you can do it after matches. Not quite. Well, how does that work?
You see, it's not like you would think at an IRC chat room or something like that. You can send them little pre-determined messages, like, I'm sad, or good game, and stuff like that.
Oh my god, for real? For real.
Yeah, it's not, like, as cool as you would think. Is there a way, I think, of trying to control the game right now?
It's like the Disney MMO, I'm sorry, the news must have changed slightly since the initial release that I jammed in or whatever, so okay, so now it's been, it's like the Disney MMOs.
Like, if you've ever played, what is that, Toontown, I think it is? You only have a list of pre-selected phrases you can use.
Yeah, that's the same shit. Yeah, you do not get to, um, actually chat in this, it's just little messages that you can send back and forth.
Yay, hooray, you know, even though there's, you know, because god forbid we should, you know, shield our children from all sorts of filth out there, you know, all those people.
People on your damn friends list playing Mario Kart, oh my god. Sad, sad, sad.
RossdielUT says, I'm sorry, that's, I'm sorry, it's RansdielUT, their names are very similar tonight, I think that's Rama, another name.
Uh, RansdielUT says, text chat, better than hearing F, M, G, N, N, I, M, E, R, and all that stuff on Waffling, so.
Well, you know, I think that, in one respect, I think it's a good idea, you know, because they are trying to make an effort to protect their intended group, I should say.
You know, which was why, you know, probably just needed the same thing with theirs, they don't want their, something with their name on it, for lack of a better description, to buy the people playing it, you know. So, in that way, I think it was smart.
It's just playing a weight stamp today, that's all it is.
Yeah, and RansdielUT continues in our chat room, chat.hollandjones.com, but if you're playing online with friends, you should be allowed to say whatever you want.
You know, I would like to see a mode where, you know, okay, yeah, maybe it's off by default, but maybe I can go in there and turn it on or something, where, you know, if I want to call my friends gay while I'm playing, I should have the right.
Here's a thought, I don't know, maybe filter the obscenities. Oh my god, that's so hard.
It's like, it's stupid is what it is. It's absolutely stupid that you just jump through all these hoops to just frickin' play the game with your friends, and then after all that stuff, why even include text chat?
You know, basically, um.
So they can put a big sticker on the box, support online chat.
Yeah, I can do the report on this, and basically, uh, you know, selected, limited, select those automated statements and responses while playing the game. Like, hello, I'm sad, I'd say welcome, you know.
RansdielUT asks, and yes, this time it is RansdielUT asks in chat room, why even make the stupid game online?
Well, you know, for me, it's kind of like the DS game. I mean, how often do you go on a DS game and somebody is already there online waiting for you? That doesn't happen.
You pre-arrange those matches over the internet on AIM, or you pre-arrange them over the telephone.
So I'm thinking just fire up a Skype and voice chat.
Okay, here's another thought, and this is a kind of support Nintendo on this decision.
You remember back to Final Fantasy XI, they had predetermined text things that you could type in there.
Because this game is being released in alternate regions with a bunch of different languages, now there's no sort of language barrier between other people because, you know, it's in their native language no matter where you're sending this, uh, phrase to.
Much like I think there's the same thing Fantasy Star Online.
There's Final Fantasy XI?
Yeah, there's Final Fantasy XI, like I said.
So that's what this is, you know, supporting that feature, because this may be also the chat with the other people, not necessarily your friends that you're playing with as well.
I just wish they would also have normal chatting in there as well on top of this stuff, but whatever.
I'm looking at the JustinTV chat for a minute, and usually I don't take a chance to read it, but our old buddy AkumaJP is in there and says, uh, type while driving. Better.
As if talking on your cell phone while driving wasn't bad enough, now you can type while driving.
Hey, well it's supposed to be remote, you know, you really only need one hand to kind of do that.
Can I put on my makeup while I drive too?
Yeah.
Alright.
Oh my god, that'd be an awesome, like, Wii game or whatever you're driving, you have to use the Wii remote to put up makeup.
Woman driver of the game.
Our...
Okay, drag queen driver of that game.
Okay, that's better.
That has to be kind of hot.
You gotta put on your makeup and your stilettos while you're trying to drive.
Put on your furry costume on a Wii.
And change the radio.
Hey, Mr. DJ, sorry to yell, can we move on please?
Um, well, something that is actually fairly cool about Mario Kart Wii is that there is, um, an 8 finger bath mode.
Which is pretty cool.
So, um, it looks like you'll be able to, um, well, I think they're determining this more from a screenshot,
but it says that they have, uh, 8 people on, 8 icons, and, uh, lots of, uh, stuff on the path to throw at everybody else.
Can't wait for Mario Kart. I'm more excited about this game than Brawl.
Why is that?
Because I'm not really into the fighting games.
Mario Kart, I love Mario Kart. I bought every game system or every Nintendo system for Mario Kart.
Wait, even Double Dash?
Yes, I even bought Double Dash.
But did you like Double Dash?
It was okay.
The battle mode in Double Dash really sucks balls, but, you know.
Well, sorry, Jamie, but what do you think of, uh, ePlayer Battle Mode?
I mean, is that a game selling thing for you, or?
Well, I'll probably get into it anyway, but I think that that's fair and cool, especially since I know enough people who have a Wii to participate in that much play.
I just wish it would, you know.
I was thinking what you could do is have a laptop in with, uh, Ventrilo.
And maybe your snack coffee.
That's true. But, you know, I don't, like, for me, my computer is all the way out here in the dungeon, a.k.a. garage, a.k.a. O.L.R. Makeshift Studio.
And then the Wii is all the way in there.
So I can't really do that.
I'm just here for myself. I got my laptop. You got your MacBook?
Alright, I got this. This involves two different game systems over here.
Okay, what you can do is use your wireless communicator from your Xbox 360 and open a voice chat and that, and just not hook up the video to your TV and play the Wii online through your TV.
So you've got voice chat and you're playing Mario Kart.
Can you come over and hook that all up?
It's too many wires.
Maybe I can get the best of my people to install it for me.
If you don't want this to do, you're like, huh?
Did we cover that story? I think it got cut from the show.
At Best Buy, there was a sticker on an Xbox 360 game that said, have Geek Squad install this game on your Xbox 360.
I've seen that and I've made fun of it in the store. I'm like, seriously.
I always chalked it up to somebody got sicker happy and put stickers on the wrong thing.
That's special.
Eject, put the game in, drop it down, push the eject button again, game goes in.
Okay, that'll be $50.
Nice.
Now, maybe the PlayStation 3 installation, that might be something that's going to take so long for some of those games.
Alright, you know.
Well, we'll be handling it now.
What's my poll cry?
There's a game that I played a while back and I think maybe during one of these shows back at our old apartment, Rob, but it's a game called Defend Your Castle.
It's a little flash game where you defend your castle against stick figures and get archers and all sorts of things to defend them.
And also, basically what you do is you use your mouse to throw the stick figures away to keep away from your castle.
Well, now this is going to be coming to the WiiWare service as well.
It's actually going to be completely from the ground up and it's only $5 or 500 Wii points, which is pretty awesome.
And of course they built some new features into it as well.
And apparently unlimited levels, the game will just keep getting harder until you can't play it anymore.
So, that's pretty awesome.
I love games like that.
The old school Atari 2600 games, it never ended.
Like Kaboom?
What do you mean tell something with Kaboom?
It's going faster.
That's pretty awesome.
Another game that they've already announced coming to the service a while back was Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles My Life as a King.
It's actually going to be a WiiWare launch title.
The price has been revealed to be $15 or 1500 Wii points.
And we'll be joining some other games as well, including of course Defend Your Castle and...
This one didn't make the list, but the major league eating the game, which looks like a piece of shit, and that will be...
But that's not what you're eating.
No, it's not a piece of shit that you're eating, but the game looks like... looks like pooey.
Like stuff on your Wii.
A piece of pooey.
No one likes stuff on their Wii.
And I've never heard of poo as an adjective, but there you go.
And it's coming out May 12th in the US.
Here's my question, is that the Final Fantasy game that was supposed to be the launch title?
Yeah, it's the Final Fantasy sort of SimCity mashup type thing.
RossDielYajinachat says FFPC will also use your entire Wii memory, is that true?
That would kind of suck.
I don't know about that, but they needed to figure out something with the whole Wii memory shit.
Seriously?
You know, if you can put these on a flashcard, maybe that's kind of cool, but from what I hear you can't, and that's kind of like...
I would like to think that maybe they can do an upgrade right when the WiiWare comes out and then you can start using flashcards, but who knows?
One thing that Nintendo can get right though is the peripherals, I mean they will crank out those Wii wheels for Mario Kart.
Here's the thing though that's kind of weird is that it will actually be sold separately other places.
Fumitsu over in Japan has revealed that Nintendo is going to be selling the Wii wheels separately for about $11.
No word yet if we're going to get that separately as well, but you know that if Nintendo doesn't officially put them out themselves, which they probably will,
you're going to have third-party developers of the wazoo doing this.
Because it does kind of make sense to have the separate Wii wheels because, you know, the same reason you have separate DDR pads.
Sometimes you want to play two-player.
They will be coming out separately here at the same time as Mario Kart.
Oh really?
Yes.
And you know this to be fact.
I know, it's a good fact.
Well there you have it then.
And it's the same reason why, because a little screaming Billy wants fucking, you know, his own wheels and then wants to share it with his sister or something like that and say it's about two fucking plastic wheels.
They're just plastic wheels, folks. And seriously, you can buy them now.
I mean, just third-party things.
And it's completely, absolutely useless.
I mean, you don't need this thing to play the game.
I love this. This is my favorite comment in the wild.
Rob SteelheapT in chat says,
Guys, say that the DDR pad has functionality and the Wii is a dumbass wheel.
Touche.
Touche.
I just like the fact that this game controls with as many options as they have for Smash Brothers.
Classic controller, GameCube, remote nunchuck, and then the thing sideways.
No fucking way.
DarkHatsuyu says,
I wish there was a wheel that let the Wiimote fit vertically so I could use it on me for speed carving.
Well that's the thing too.
That's the thing that pisses me off about this game.
If you've ever played one of these games that uses the wheels sideways like, you know, Mario Kart says,
or like, say, some of these other games that use the wheels, it's really horribly uncomfortable.
You know, Excite Truck uses the wheel, or the remote, actually vertical so that the buttons are on top of the thing,
and it's pretty comfortable doing it that way, but holding it sideways, you have to kind of contort your whole wrist,
and it really hurts your hand playing it for a while.
In related news, I still kind of like Excite Truck.
Excite Truck's fucking awesome, and they need to fucking make a new one!
I've already finished the game, my wife has finished the game, if that's saying something.
For the love of God, give Loki's wife a game to get excited about.
Make poor tracks if you don't want to make a new game.
I don't care, I will buy them for whatever price you want to charge.
I just need some more Excite Truck.
I don't want to have to buy Motorstorm 2, one wasn't very impressive.
That and custom soundtracks.
I mean, Excite Truck was kind of neat.
Okay, I can understand Excite Truck, that's fine, because that game really does need custom soundtracks.
But like Endless Ocean? What the fuck?
You don't need custom soundtracks in that game.
You can't swim through the ocean and rob zombies, it's just not right.
It's too slow.
Excite Truck's fucking awesome.
You could play through Excite Truck's physical leaks, now that we know.
I always play Excite Truck to everything, from Eurobeat stuff to...
That makes sense.
My wife, she likes playing it to Justin Timberlake for some reason.
I know it's funny, but you know what?
Every time I hear a Justin Timberlake song now, I think of Excite Truck.
I get to play it to like, really cool shit.
Speaking of marketing tools, I did find something very disturbing that my husband showed me on YouTube.
Using World of Warcraft to advertise Toyota trucks.
Oh yeah, that thing is hilarious, that commercial.
I finally saw it.
Oh boy.
I just, I don't know, Excite Truck, it wasn't that hard to make, and I just hope they have the option to download more tracks for many a game.
What if they were to do like, a different type of vehicle for an Excite something game?
As long as it plays the same, I don't care.
Excite Boat.
Excite ATV, that would be one for a certain game.
Excite, here you go, Excite ATV on the Moon.
Whoa!
Well they didn't have a space level, do you remember Nebula?
Oh, that's true.
That's true.
Alright, okay.
Now we've turned in our most current news, talking about Mario Kart Wii into Excite Truck or other things somehow.
So, sorry, the best briefing game on the Wii then.
You know, Mario Kart really should move on.
I have some Wii related stuff only, it's more current in a virtual console.
And specifically for our friends in the UK.
The games that are coming out this week from PAL region is Super Turrican, that was a Super Nintendo game.
And Psychosis, that was on the TurboGrafx-16.
Factor 5 named Super Turrican is 800 points.
It uses the Classic and GameCube controller.
Psychosis is 600 V-points, and it also uses the Classic and Cube pads, and also uses the V-mode.
And for anyone who hasn't heard of Psychosis, because I know the TurboGrafx-16 could be on the obscure end, it's a side-scrolling shooter.
You can also position satellites around your ship and still stuff it in.
Killing with satellites is awesome.
Hooray, killing!
I agree.
So, if you don't want to mod your Wii, there are other options now for you to be able to play import games.
Thanks to the freeloader.
Of course, you may remember that from the GameCube, as being able to play wonderful import games.
Gojoskis is now offering the freeloader for the Wii.
It's going to do a bunch of other things, though.
It's going to be for $19.99 in the US, UK for £9.99, I believe.
And it's going to allow a couple of different things to happen.
One, it will stop any updates that are on the game disc, so you don't end up with duplicate channels and import stuff.
That's kind of what happens. Not a big deal, but annoying.
And it will also be kind of invisible to your console, so that they hope that there will be no updates to destroy it, like they did with the GameCube one.
It is available now, and hopefully will be broken soon.
So, you know, we had a little bit of controversy last week, and I'm sure it's going to continue on into our Mailbag and Skype statements this week.
Would you say there is a legitimate, non-shady purpose for this?
Yeah, there's a lot of games that come out in Japan that we don't get here, or even in Europe that we don't get here.
And, you know, for those people that really want to legitimately import stuff, you know, this is great to do.
It's expensive, but, you know, it's great to import games.
Or get stuff early.
So, like on my GameCube, I had Silver Caliber 2, and I also had one of the Battletoad Fighters, you know, back and forth, all of them over here.
You know, if this was more like, you know, the DS or something like that, where it was a region 3, I think you'd see a lot more people buying games from other regions, you know.
Here's my crowd, or here's my question to the crowd about, you know, because we had kind of two different, very opposite sides, talking about whole modding and all that stuff last week.
My question is, to the people that are not, that do not support mod chips and piracy and all that stuff, is the freeloader ethical?
That's my question, I'm kind of curious.
Like, are you okay with the freeloader, seeing that there is a very legitimate purpose to it?
I would think so, because you can't pirate games with it.
Ah, okay.
You know, as far as we're aware, I mean, you can't pirate games with it, but...
Is it one of those it's just a matter of time things?
Who knows, I mean, with the freeloader, I mean, I don't think, he can change the region on it, so, who knows?
I mean, because it's obviously tricking the console into thinking something that, you know, is not really there.
My thing would be, like I said, you know, because now we're getting these staggered release dates, you know, like Mario Kart in the UK is coming out, you know, a couple weeks before, you know, the US release.
I mean, if you really wanted to, you could actually get that name early in English and be able to play it.
Comments from chat, rostielut says, well, if you can't pirate games, then by all means.
Son of Dad says, yes, I just want to play the games.
DJ Jenai says, yes, I want to play all games no matter what.
There's another thing, too, that actually was mentioned on the blurb on the freeloader sales area, was that for people who have non-region systems, that this is a way to play local games.
Like, I, you know, I actually have a few friends who, you know, bought their Wii when they lived in Japan and moved back to the US and couldn't buy local games, had to import everything.
And in case you're wondering, too, this will also allow you to play any region GameCube games as well.
So if you had one of the GameCube freeloaders and stopped working on it because of the update, this will fix it.
All right. Well, I'm sure we'll be hearing some feedback from some of our listeners, because I know we have a lot of listeners that are into import gaming, because one of the fewer gaming podcasts actually cover kind of the import team outside of just America.
So I'm kind of curious what one of our listeners, some of our listeners should use this.
Are you getting one, Loki, or are you not bothering to get one?
I'm not bothering, but I have a hardship.
I have a hardship.
So, you know.
Director, you are going to be getting one, right?
I am going to get one. I'm kidding.
Let me know what you think.
I don't have any import games to test it on except for my GameCube one.
Thank you, Barbara.
Look at me volunteering.
Me, personally, I don't get to import games enough to get one.
The only import game I've ever really gone crazy for was the media studio.
I say I used to get crazy all the time on PS2, but, you know, even the little footage you did, you know I had to get Buzzfeed back in the day.
Yeah, I actually have a Japanese PlayStation 2.
I still do. I wonder if it works.
I have a Japanese Dreamcast.
For some reason I decided that Wangian Midnight for the PS3, that was a mistake, and I can't import any more PS3 games.
Was it not good?
It was shit.
Does it play?
Yeah, it plays just fine. PlayStation 3s are region 3, so.
Alright.
Alright, anyhow.
Let's move on, because speaking of the mailbag, I know we want to get there and it's coming right up, but real quick, I want to give you one more Wii story, and that's about Wii Fit.
Wii Fit has been given a price in Europe.
If you're going to buy the game in the UK, it's going to be 69.99, but the rest of Europe will pay 89.99 in the, you know, Euros.
It's 69.99 pounds, 89.99 Euros.
If you convert it to US dollars, that's about 130.
It's already been announced that in the US it will come out for under 100 dollars.
I'm not sure if we know an exact price yet.
Maybe if I think really hard, one will come to me.
I'm thinking, I'm thinking, hmm.
What would be a good price for that?
I'm thinking.
Make it nice and simple.
99.99?
No, 99.99 would be too much I would think.
Oh, well how about 89.99?
That's about right.
That sounds like a good price for that.
I think that's pretty fair.
Alright, 89.99, you think that would be a good price?
I think that's a good price for that, yeah.
I'd buy it for 89.99.
I'd buy that for 89.99.
Alright, well anyhow, but you know, face it, in Europe, unfortunately, you are paying more for games usually.
So while we might get it for 89.99, might get it for 89.99, we possibly will get it for 89.99.
You guys will have to pay 89.99 Euros, which is considerably more.
Sorry to break it to you.
Alright, anyhow, let's open up the old mailbag.
We love to hear from our listeners and every week you guys email us at mailbag.org.com.
DarkStalker likes to dive into the mailbag head first and pull out some of her favorite emails.
She's going to read them right now.
I have my snorkel ready.
And your rubber gloves?
Yeah, I'm going to do that.
Just in case of the Ambrac.
Uhhh, can I draw?
I think I have, well no, no, no, no, no, I have something far better.
I'm talking about that 80s band, not the uh...
I like Ambrac!
Alright, sorry.
Excuse me, Ambrac from Public Enemy is like the best combination ever.
Hi!
Speaking of great bands in the past, do you know what band really needs to...
I've decided after all the commercials on TV, do you know what band really needs to come to Rock Band?
What?
Jefferson Airplane.
Oh, hell yeah!
Alright, sorry, mailbag?
I don't know.
You don't need to get me started because I was exploring my favorite old band.
But anyway.
And it became Starship.
Yes, Jefferson Starship.
Anyway, pardon me.
You need to see the Lost Odyssey commercial with the white rabbit music.
It's pretty awesome.
Oh, you do too, thank you.
Alright, please do.
Okay, first email is from Cheezburger.
Hi guys, I just got another viewpoint card and I already spent $40 on it.
The games I have right now are Super Mario Brothers, Super Mario World, Donkey Kong, Paper Mario, and Star Fox.
Star Fox.
Boy, do you flip it there, Ms. Zarka?
I don't know that.
I'm going to throw that mic or something.
There's a little rock band in this room.
This is why we don't have text chat.
After the show, are you going to get a coffee at Star Fox?
Sorry.
That was just my broken finger, of course, extending on its own.
I got to get a shot in my hand.
Anyway, I was wondering what other good games are on there that I should get.
Thanks guys, you get me through the week.
Dude, you did not get Super Metroid.
Get it.
Oh, so you need more game recommendations.
Super Metroid.
Yeah, definitely some Super Metroid.
Devil's Crush.
No, it was Alien Crush.
Guardian or Gunstar Heroes.
Gunstar Heroes, Alien Crush.
Yeah, your list needs more Sega.
I think that there was not enough Sega in the list.
This is only three hours.
Yeah, I think they all are.
Mario Kart 64.
Mario 64.
Maybe Mario Kart, like, gathering those.
Mario Kart.
Oh, I bet that's the Mario Kart you got here.
I bet.
You want Super Metroid now.
Get Mario.
And go get Super Metroid.
Darkstalker, a chat room, wanted to see if you would get this reference.
Okay.
The baseline is the opening of the...
I'm waiting for the chorus.
Oh, it's going to cut off before the chorus.
It's Starfuckers by the name of it.
No, I don't...
I know, because I don't really like that song.
But it does have a sweet bass line.
The bass line is what made me think of that song, actually.
Oh, okay.
I did see this really awful band, and we went outside, and their bass line...
It was a band called 8-Bit.
They weren't very good.
So they were rapping and wearing half-nap suits.
But we were coming back from drinking at the pyramid across the street.
This is at the Gilman in Berkeley.
And we came back and stood outside, and their bass line was The Legend of Zelda theme.
Their bass line was...
Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
They were awful, though.
I thought it was awful.
But Babyland played that show, so Babyland reviewed the whole thing.
All right.
Moving on, please.
Okay, it seems like there's some head tracking popping up lately in console world.
Everyone keeps looking at Sony One at GDC.
I'm surprised nobody knows what the TrackIR is that's been going around for years.
I have one, and it works great.
It is only for the PC, though it has six degrees of movement.
And you can use it as a mouse control so that you can use it with any game that doesn't have direct support for the TrackIR.
It's really huge for racing and flight games.
There is one FPS game that it does support.
And that's from Pendragon.
I guess this game should be used for Marble Madness.
Heck yeah, that's a game we need a new version of.
Or even better, to watch someone play, like, Golden Key.
Nice.
It's a little competitive.
You bring your head around.
All right.
That's all we got.
Next, even.
Loki, Darth Vader, and Sky.
With regards to the call and last episode about system hacking,
I have to comment, true, if there was some of the content that it hacked,
firmware allows you to play games without paying for them.
And even though this can be seen as wrong,
I think that it's kind of funny that they can do this in the first place.
But some of the firmware is better than the proper firmware.
For example, a Skype program is only for thin PFCs.
If they can get it to work on thick PFCs, more power to them.
As it is more fierce, everything works on those systems.
Also, if they can get three games that people make to work
that as cool as home-made games are good.
I also believe that if you do stop talking about hacks,
then you would mess up on a huge part of the gaming world.
And I'm just saying this only as a reply to the call.
I know you won't.
Secondly, you often talk about how the PlayStation 3 is a joint letdown,
but I have to say,
fair play that there are a lot more games than the Xbox 360,
but I am the only person I make up for friends to have a PS3,
and I will think every single one of the other Xboxes
has three rings at one point or the other.
Finally, keep up the good show and hope Skype feels better.
Why not?
Well, thank you. I am feeling better.
And you do bring up an issue about...
Oh, I still sniffle a lot. My sciences are still kind of weird.
Anyway, you do bring up a good issue about the whole...
The firmwares definitely do serve a legitimate purpose,
and I think that's how a lot of the people get away with this
and get them to the radar,
because there is a legitimate purpose for a lot of this,
but I think it just becomes a moral issue about how you choose to use it.
I mean, if you choose to use it to get Skype on your PSP,
which is free anyway, that whole thing,
I don't think that's as big of a moral problem, so to speak,
as getting this on there so you can hack-store all the NES games from your past
or better yet, download all the PlayStation 1 games you always want to play
and all that, or PSP games.
You know, that's just a moral problem. I'm not saying one's right or wrong,
because there's a lot...
You know, a lot of people steal music like there's no tomorrow.
Well, there's a lot of legitimate things that they've started in homebrew
that I think Sonya saw, and they're like,
hey, let's throw that into an official release.
Like, for example, internet streaming radio.
That's been available on the homebrew scene for a long time now,
and then they, what, locked up.
They finally implemented some of that stuff.
I don't know. There's a lot of stuff that comes out of there.
They have YouTube stuff that you can view now straight on your PSP.
You know, they had stuff that hooked up to your GPS a while back,
even before they had the GPS for the PSP.
There's a lot of stuff, and now they're coming out with Hercorals.
They're like kill-centered stuff. It's Chrome group.
Basically, you have the force. It's your choice if you wish to turn to the dark side.
Yeah. All right.
Next e-mail?
Sure.
Hey, OLR crew. I was just e-mailing to give my side of the modding talk.
I was apparently crucified simply for asking what the legitimate question by Rosso UT...
Hold up. Is this the e-mail?
This is the one that Rosso UT had called in to respond to last week.
Same person, I'm assuming?
I think so, yeah.
Just curious. Just want to get that out there.
Because he doesn't agree with modding.
Mod chips are part of gaming culture and community.
Just because they can do bad doesn't mean people are doing bad things with them.
I can include a whole bunch of negative comments towards Rob, Jamie, and Loki,
but I have this thing where I go and attack people I've never met or know nothing about.
Rob doesn't want to attack us. We're super cool.
Rob was the only one who even bothered to give me a fair chance.
I gave him a fair chance.
What did I do? All right. Whatever.
I think he must have typed this right as he was listening to the call.
Give it a little slack.
Not all of the people who do mod are people who sit behind our computers wearing a ski mask trying to steal games from the internet.
People back up their DVDs and music CDs, so I've seen their reviews of why it's such a gray area when it comes to games.
Some people use mod chips to preserve their investments, others are interested in the technical aspects of it,
and yet they are the group who simply wish to steal games.
I like hearing Loki's talk about him trying to fix the 360 and all the modifications he does to it along with the Bmod.
It's just part of gaming culture and I'm glad LLR doesn't filter topics like this.
I just wish that some listeners wouldn't jump down the road to people who are interested in modding.
Next time my $50 game gets destroyed out of my hands, I'll send you anti-modders the bill.
And Loki, you helped me a lot with your tips.
I got my mod, I got my chips successfully installed so no more coasters for me.
Epic Glyn. I hope you feel better than Sweet Rob's HP for friends.
But this email is prompted by the Olive Garden, home of the never-ending Dallas, Arizona.
You need to have Olive Garden night pretty soon.
Or surreal in how you have food for once.
I don't know though.
I can actually go to get food.
I just ate there a couple days ago.
I'm just saying that I can, I found things I can eat.
Yeah, they have all their altered puffs and stuff.
Okay, here's the deal.
I totally agree with what he's saying about that it is a part of gaming culture and that's what we're all about,
so that's why we need to cover it on the show.
And I think he made some good points.
I think the con made some good points.
Here's something you've got to understand though, is that we have a lot of,
I shouldn't say a lot, but we do have some developers, authors,
people that make games that actually listen to this program.
And I'm sure it might ruffle their feathers a little bit to hear about this kind of talk that we're talking about these games.
We don't advocate that you should go and steal a bunch of games because you're taking money from these people.
But that's why people get passionate about the issue because a lot of folks listen to the show,
they might work in games or make games and they hear about these things that allow people to steal their work
and that's why there's layoffs at game companies and things go down and dah, dah, dah.
So I don't know, but it's almost like, here, I don't know, kind of taking it a step further.
As long as this stuff continues, it's going to be interesting because I think the game industry has the potential to turn into
almost kind of what the music industry is doing where I think especially through things,
that's why I said last week, I think that XNA thing is such huge news
because I think in the future you're going to start seeing a lot more download your games
and indie developers making things in-house that you download, just kind of like music is turning into
where more stuff is getting out there because of iTunes and stuff.
But I think we're about five, maybe even ten years away from that, but anyhow.
That's my ramble.
Yeah, my little ramble.
There's no easy solution.
There's nothing any of us are going to say that's going to please both sides of it.
I think, though, we're doing a disservice by ignoring it.
Ignoring it's not going to make it go away.
Personally, I have no problem with that, but someone wants to do.
It's not my place to tell anybody what they can or can't do.
It's just up to them if they want to deal with the consequences of being caught.
Right, and here's one thing.
Realize at any time one of these companies may come up with a magic patch
that's going to nerf your Wii if you mod it, and there's going to be no choice.
You're going to have to install the thing to play the latest game or something.
It's not just going to render the game an apple.
It's going to completely nerf your freaking Wii.
You're bricking iPhones.
Exactly, bricking iPhones and all that stuff, so that's the chance you take.
Someday your thing's going to get bricked, and that's the chance you took.
Yeah.
There you have it.
That's it.
For me.
Next email.
Hi Sky, Lucy, and DarkSakura, I'm emailing you on behalf of the semi-obliterated PS2 sitting in a bag in my room.
The other day I arrived at school suspecting it would be like any other day,
one of my friends informed me in his wisdom,
since PS2 stopped working the previous afternoon,
and actually he took a hammer to the case and smashed it open.
The irony here is that before the fan had only chipped a few teeth,
and now the case is done for, the melting from the inside are bent,
and the laser may be broken, but I'm not sure.
One of the ribbons has been damaged.
I've taken the console from him,
and I was just wondering whether any of you know of a good site that I could get spare parts from,
and particularly if lucky enough there were a way to test the laser,
with a lot of parts on the needle.
I know you can order replacement parts from Sony,
but you could pretty much.
I don't know if you can still order stuff from them,
but I was going to say,
I don't know, the only way to test the laser, I would think,
is to put a game in it and actually test it.
For spare parts though, you might be able to check out llama.com.
I've gotten some Xbox 360 mods set from there.
I don't know if they carry PlayStation 2 stuff anymore, I think they do.
Do they have like official, I'm sorry, Microsoft,
do they have like official Sony repair centers,
like they have for some other types of products?
Like maybe there's a place you can take your PS2 and get just the laser thingy tweaked?
Maybe.
I don't know.
I'm sorry, I might have missed it.
How old did you say the PlayStation 2 was?
Did you say it was like an old school one?
Um, it did not say.
You know, if it's one of the old school, you know, huge, you know, PlayStation 2s,
the old model, it might just be time,
because obviously by the time you fix some of this stuff,
you're practically paying what you pay for a PS2 mini.
People put broken ones on these days, they're too lengthy.
Yeah.
Yeah, you can, I mean, they're kind of getting cheap now,
you can probably find a cheap PS2 for, you know, nothing.
I mean, Rockdale UT in chat says,
if the system isn't too bashed up, you can get it fixed at www.oldschoolgamer.ca,
but that indicates it's Canadian.
I don't know if that would work.
Yeah, I mean, your cables and stuff, your ribbon cables,
they're about $10, and then the lens is about $40.
So right there, it's $50, that's half the price of your PS2, mine is $99.
Okay, I'm looking on the Gamestop website,
and I don't know, we can go and buy some Gamestop,
but the old style PS2 refurb is $79.99, so the new style is $99.99.
And if you find them at just the used ones, they'll be cheaper than that.
And some of that is pointing out the Target was actually having a sale on PS2s last week for $99 new.
So, there you go.
Yeah, there you have it.
Keep an eye on those websites, you know,
I'm sure that's not the answer you wanted to hear, that we're telling you,
basically go buy a new PS2.
But keep an eye on those websites like CheapAssGamer
and some of those other video game deals websites too,
once in a while something might pop up there, so, you know, always keep an eye on it.
But if you do want to get your old system fixed,
there are ways that you might have to have a professional step in
or you're going to void your warranty.
It just might as well, at this point, just to buy a new one.
I mean, there's a point you got to say, well,
six months is a fix, it's just buy a new one.
But RossCOUT and Chapman have a good point.
Once he's a Final Fantasy XI player,
MIDI PS2 won't support the HDD.
Then buy an older one.
And quit Final Fantasy XI.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
Oh yeah, you got to go to PC first.
All right, anyhow, sorry. More email?
Hey, I was a controller player on this machine.
I don't know how you play that game on a controller.
You've got me doing it.
I know, I just, and it was designed for controllers, the hilarious thing,
but I cannot play that game on anything by keyboard.
The macros are so easy with triggers.
They're really, really easy.
But anyway.
All right, anyhow.
Hey everyone, before I begin, there's a couple things I must say.
First of all, hail Jamie.
Worship.
Yes.
Who is this?
Oh, okay.
Ah, got me some new shoes.
Anyway.
Secondly, I want to say that I look forward to each episode Sunday night
and the podcasts that get me through my daily commute to and from work.
Now that the formalities are out of the way, just let me say this.
As I listen to Rosalie T's thoughts on modding,
I can tell that you Rob weren't too happy about that.
I can tell in your voice that you weren't that happy about that.
Let me just say that my PS2 has been modded for three plus years.
During that time, I have over $1,000 worth of bootleg games.
Why?
Simply because I do not have the money to shell out each week to buy new titles.
But all is lost.
On the positive side, playing crappy games allowed me the chance to play
and try out some of the games to see if I like it.
Honestly, no one here wants to drop 40 bucks on a PS2 game
to find out later that the game sucks some of the waste.
Having a modding console allows me to check out important games as well.
When I write this, I tend to think of myself as a hypocrite
because my real job consists of fixing computers with bootleg software.
I tell the customers not to use bootleg enterprise corporate software
as well as software that belongs to a friend of theirs.
But alas, some will not listen,
unlike also UTA does not take this to heart.
Overall, I do not see a problem with modded consoles.
Mods allow us to break things with consoles, not just copy slash burn games.
Now, if I download a game that's really good, then I would go out and buy it.
Case in point, Kingdom Hearts 2.
As a friend who is in the gaming industry
that gives me grief about copy games,
I say to her, are you going to buy me this game?
No, you're not.
Plus, I want to see if the game is actually worth buying.
And if it is, I'll buy it.
In the meantime, leave me be.
Overall, roughly, if you eat, shut up.
It doesn't matter to us.
We are not damaging the gaming industry at all.
From my knowledge, there's no proof of that as either.
There's usually what it comes down to,
and this is the same argument with MP3 downloading and stuff like that,
is everyone says that's a cycle thing.
It's just another cycle.
It's just people, the industry doesn't actually lose money from these people
because these people are never going to buy the product in the first place.
So you didn't miss out on a sale because they were never going to buy it.
Same with people downloading import games or something like that.
They weren't going to buy it in the first place.
The modern thinking is it's not going to hurt anybody.
Obviously, still, they could import it and spend the money and do that kind of stuff.
I don't know.
It's immoral, maybe, but is it really hurting the industry?
Maybe.
Not quite.
I don't know.
Say, for example, a lot of people are burning copies of Halo 3 or something like that.
Yeah, that's going to hurt the sales of that game,
especially if they were intending on buying it in the first place.
I don't know.
That's why a lot of companies now, though, and a lot of things that come out,
they spend the time on extra stuff like the packaging and the bonus stuff that comes with it
to entice people to actually buy their games instead of just letting it work.
And here's another thing.
Maybe people respect your games more.
Stop putting out shovelware looking at you, Destiny.
Just to address the part of the letter that talked about me getting kind of,
I don't know what he said about the call, but I didn't see half of that.
Here's the thing.
Well, A, I was sick last week, so coming from Slack.
So that kind of lends my sense of professionalism a little bit out the window,
especially because having a cam here doesn't help you.
If I make a motion or something, everybody sees it.
But also, it wasn't that I was unhappy about the statement
because I believe everybody has the right to their opinion
whether I personally agree with it or not.
And it makes me sad to see listeners attacking each other and stuff,
you know, hug it out, agree to disagree.
Here's the thing.
I kind of knew.
And that's interesting in a way.
It's part of the charm of the show.
We open up this guideline.
Anybody can call about anything.
You don't know what it's going to be.
And we're going to deal with it and talk about it on air.
It's kind of part of what makes this show unique.
But when the call came in, I kind of knew that it was opening a can of worms,
and that's why I wasn't happy.
It's not that I wasn't happy with the opinion or whatever.
I wasn't happy because I was just kind of like,
oh, boy, I know there's going to be e-mails on this next week
and probably some more calls later on tonight.
I was like, oh, I don't know if this was an epic battle I was awaiting.
The rest of this e-mail.
Thanks for reading my letter on air.
And, Rob, I apologize for using your shared call on the OLR listener,
but I cannot read this.
And allow traffic to be in the comments of Roswell, Utah, to go by unnoticed.
Rock on and have a most triumphant week.
If Roswell, Utah, wants to comment back by all means,
my e-mail, Addie, is listed, and I guess you can p.m.
Yeah, they're both in chat right now.
Hug it out, boys.
Hug it out.
And he wants me to plug his podcast, so I am.
Okay, fair enough.
Anime Jam Session at djromnet.net slash Anime Jam.
So listen to it.
But not right now, because we're live.
All right.
Any other e-mails, or is that it?
This one.
Dang, we have talent e-mails tonight.
I know.
All right, let's get through them.
Hey, OLR crew, I have a question for Dark Sakura.
Hey, cool.
You said months ago that you could pump up the volume on hold after your laptop got fried.
You know, that's how my PC got fried.
How is that coming along?
It would be great to listen to pump up the volume again someday.
It's a nice break from what the 24-7 stream provides on GS68.
Actually, there's progress in this today.
I've had a computer that I could use, but the problem is that I want something with
a bit more on the graphics capability side, just for the sake of all the other projects
I do.
And I have been using my laptop, but my laptop likes to run really freaking slow.
I think I'm actually going to replace all the memory in it.
But we have gutted out one of the Vio's sitting in our garage.
And although one of them is promised, that sort of leaves the other one up in the air
because it might be promised as well.
We are looking into putting a graphics card in it.
My old hard drive, basically building a new Frank computer for me.
That was what my old computer was, sort of the Frankenstein part.
Pump up the volume, it's all just a plan.
I'm looking for a return of pump up the volume soon.
However, I'm also going back to college, which I don't know if I've mentioned to my co-host
here.
But I am planning on going back to school and I'm finishing a degree this year and finishing
one next year too.
I forbid you learning more.
What is this education you speak of?
You don't mean that.
I am a year away.
You am educated enough.
I'm a year away from an AA.
I'm another year away from another AA.
And then I can go.
By the way, for those that may not know, because we do have the podcast, when she speaks of
pump up the volume, she's talking about one of her weeknight shows.
Yeah, it was when I said it didn't suck.
And we do have a couple of weeknight shows, just a handful right now.
I've got to be honest, if I didn't have a full-time job, trying to manage all that stuff
is difficult.
So I don't know, we may soon try to hire, for the pay is great, nothing, but some type
of director of weeknight programming that can get some of these great podcasts that
deserve to be heard on the live stream.
Just to try to sort that all out.
But then we have our website.
You can get updated too much.
No time?
Hey, good news.
Cheeseburgers taking RFI.
What's that?
Oh, buying Super Mentor.
Yep.
Swell.
Alright, one more email.
Last email.
Dun dun dun.
So this is worth it, because this is our buddy, Warrior Bob.
Yay.
Hi, host.
Hi, emailer.
It's so good to hear you mentioning the old Apogee and Epic software games last week.
Respected memories from times when computer games looked like computer games.
This is a topic that's been coming up recently in the looks of my friends and me.
Back when these games were the forefront of computer entertainment, back when Windows
had version numbers, PR made adventure games, and Duke Nukem games weren't named after
the development time.
I see what you did there.
There was a certain look and feel to computer games.
The visual animations and effects were the product of teams of technical artists, so
much as they were the result of clever programming tricks done by empty people.
Things like single pixel particle effects, characters made of multiple sprites, color
cycling distortions, that sort of thing.
I feel that it's kind of gone now, and I realize I missed it.
Don't get me wrong, I love the new ideas, too.
I wanted to see games like Shadows of Colossus and Rock Band ever since I was a little kid
with a bunch of game design scribbles in my notebook.
But at the same time, the only recent game I can think of that had the same computerized
feel I grew up on was Cave Story, a freeware indie title.
Entrenched as you all are in the video game scene, had you come across any games that
still embody this aesthetic?
I find I play games more for the experience than the challenge these days, and so I'd
love to find something like this and see what people with new ideas have done with old styles.
Thanks again, as always.
Keep up the excellent show, Warrior Bob.
P.S.
Hi, Dan.
I guess he was at first.
He was supposed to be on the show this week, too.
That's why I couldn't even put that.
That makes sense.
I know, and butthead didn't come, so whatever.
Here's my crazy thought, is that they don't make these games anymore because they just
didn't sell?
I have to say this, is that, and for lack of a, you know, I'm not trying to be mean
to anybody, but honestly, the market today is a lot more fickle.
They want it to look pretty, you know.
They don't care as much about the game, you know, the way the game plays.
They don't care as much about the experience of the game.
They want it to be pretty, and automatically it's not pretty as shit.
So that's what's happened.
They're playing towards a superficial market.
I think you're kind of right.
I think that is kind of what it boils down to.
Absolutely, computer games kind of lost their distinctive look, so to speak.
But then I look at a game like Sam & Max, and to me, that game is like a, it's almost
a throwback in a way.
It is kind of like those old LucasArts games, but in a newer, cartoony, visual-ish style.
So, I mean, they're out there, but yeah, it's not like it used to be then.
I remember walking into A-Head Software, and you'd have like, you know, Legend of Kyrandia
and King's Quest and all this stuff for sale, and you know, those were the days, but you
know, then again, A-Head Software went out of business.
So that tells me that, or at least they're online now or whatever, so that tells me that
you know, they just must not have been selling as well, as consoles really took off.
I love Kyrandia.
Me too!
My sister still plays, in fact, she is playing King's Quest VII right now.
I'll tell you what was funny, is I came very close to downloading a mug.
Those still running.
That's awesome.
There's a mug still running.
I'll have to find the link for you, but there's people who still do them.
There's BBS's set up so people can play Legend of the Red Dragon still online, which is like
hard, and The Pit.
Dude, we need an OLR BBS so we can play The Pit.
You know what my first, I would have to say real MMO was?
Gemstone 3.
Awesome.
It was all text.
Dude, how can we set up an OLR BBS?
I know it's going to be possible to be like Telnet or something.
How can we make that happen?
That shouldn't be possible.
Somebody email me if you know how to make that happen.
I wouldn't think that would be a good idea.
I know.
The OLR BBS, we're going to play The Pit with our wizards.
That'd be Red Train Wars.
That'd be bomb.
That would be, that would be fun.
Warrior Bob is actually in chat right now and says, see, yeah, that's just it.
FemiMax looks like a new 3D game.
No big pixels or clever animation anywhere.
Oh yeah, I think just the market, big pixels didn't sell, I guess.
Well, I mean, if you, if you want sprite-based stuff, I mean,
you still got, you know, like I'm playing Ragnarok online and honestly,
I've read up on Ragnarok too.
And while, yeah, it's cool, facial animation, ooh, you know, I,
I like my cute few sprites.
You know, I think it's cool.
I like that I can play it on a system that I don't have to have a whole
bunch of crap for because it still plays pretty damn fun.
You know, I, and I like Lulu.
I love Lulu.
Lulu is such a good game.
And I miss my old pixely games like Doom and Hexen.
I love Hexen.
I've covered Hexen.
Good times.
That's it for tonight.
Alrighty.
Get a piece of the war.
Dang, there was a lot of mailbags this week.
I know.
Mailbag to OrangeLawnTrader.com is the place to send your emails.
Hexen!
Alright, let's get back to some gaming news.
The segments weren't involved tonight.
I know.
Oh yeah, that would be neat, wouldn't it?
No.
Nope.
No, it's fine.
It's up.
Yeah.
I'm looking at one.
So, um, this whole Activision Blizzard merger thing, uh, happened a little bit ago, you
know, when they merged with Nvidia.
And, uh, because of that, some investors think that they're getting the bum end of the deal.
And in fact, actually, it's an Activision investor who sued over the entire merger.
Um, their complaint was that Nvidia actually comes out on top of the merger with 50% majority
ownership of Activision.
Um, and because of this, uh, didn't think that the stockholders, uh, or didn't think
of the stockholders when they accepted the deal.
So, that is their complaint and now they're, you know, pissed off about it.
I don't know.
I mean, shit.
Nvidia has some pretty good properties.
I don't think it's totally bad that they merged together, but I don't know.
You're a stockholder.
I guess you're getting jipped out of a few bucks.
Well, we must live in a sue-happy world because that wasn't the only lawsuit that happened
this week.
Capcom officially got sued by the MKR Group over the game Dead Rising because the MKR
Group, they own the rights to the movie Dawn of the Dead by George Romero.
And even though Dead Rising has a big old thing on it that says not Dawn of the Dead,
essentially, uh, Capcom got sued.
And as interesting as, I don't think they're going to win because the fact that, I mean,
can they really sue for, you know.
But they're zombies in a mall is a, is a very narrow market.
There's just not room for both.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, the lawsuit states, quote, in both that the recreational activities of the zombies
and absurdly grotesque kill scenes provide unexpected comedy, comedic relief.
Nice.
Um, but yeah, I know I kind of agree.
I kind of agree with what most of the people in chat are saying is that they're zombies
and they're in a mall.
That's it.
I mean, the characters aren't the same.
The plot's not really the same.
It's just zombies in a mall.
And how they become zombies aren't even the same.
Okay.
Here's my other thought is that, um, if Capcom hadn't put that thing on the box that says
it had nothing to do with Dawn of the Dead, do you think they would have gotten sued in
the first place?
Yeah.
Because my thing is that by putting that thing on there, it's almost like they admit, yeah,
there's a similarity here.
No.
But we, we don't intend it.
I don't know.
I think there was, you know, because then they could claim that, you know, they were
trying to trick the consumer into thinking it was a Dawn of the Dead type thing.
But this is just them kind of trying to, they were trying to be preventative about it and
cover their ass saying, no, this is not what it is.
Do they use lawn mowers in Dawn of the Dead?
Here, here's my other thing is that, I mean, if somebody buys Dead Rising, are they not
going to buy Dawn of the Dead?
You know, is that because, you know, to sort of claim that there's some type of like, you
know, oh, my rights have been abated and all this, you have to kind of claim that there's
financial losses going on.
And my kind of whole thing is that the type of people who play Dead Rising exactly would
go out and buy Dawn of the Dead.
So it's not like one's hurting the other.
You know what I mean?
SSJ 100 Matt says, why can't they make something original like zombies eating someone's neighbors?
Oh, wait.
Well, the next game supposedly wasn't going to be like, you know, in a mall and stuff.
It was just going to be some other zombies on a plane.
No, not zombies on a plane.
Zombies on the train.
Zombies on the moon.
Yes, exactly.
Zombies on the moon.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, anyway, this whole Sue happy world we live in just makes me angsty and people just
need to get over themselves.
So I think we need to do the F.U. of the week.
My F.U. of the week.
It's a big F.U. towards drama and death.
Yeah.
And tragedy.
I think F.U. to the crap they're going to do and the sources of said crap.
Unfortunately.
Is that it?
Yeah.
Okay.
That was a pretty heavy F.U. though, so not that I'm wanting there to be more, but.
All right.
Logie.
F.U. to Microsoft and, you know, kind of a little bit of rant.
I'm sure everybody's heard about the digital rights management, how it's all fucked up,
where you have a console that's basically three rings on you and content you purchased
on there now you can no longer use on your new console unless you're logged in live.
It's really retarded that they do that in the first place.
I've had that problem because, of course, I have a new console, even though I fixed
my own console.
It's funny.
It still doesn't work on my old console now either.
I don't know.
It's all fucked up right now.
My thing is, why isn't there a bit of lawsuit over that?
That's something actually legitimate that they can have a lawsuit over instead of, you
know, complaining about live outages or, you know, the three rings of death or whatever.
I think that they should sue them over the digital rights management and stuff because
if you bought content online and now you can't use it because your system broke because
they're faulty and Microsoft isn't doing anything about it.
Absolutely nothing.
There's countless stories on the Internet about this stuff.
So why isn't anyone suing them over that?
That's why I want to ask.
I just want to give an F.U. to the antibiotic I'm on this week.
I can't remember the name of it.
It's like Leviquim or Leptixim or I don't know what it's called.
Some antibiotic a doctor gave me.
A, it's a brand name drug so I have to pay more for it because they don't make it generic
of it.
And B, it's the slowest antibiotic I've ever had.
I'm allergic to penicillin so also F.U. to the fact that I'm allergic to penicillin because
then I can just take that and I'd be better in no time.
But the antibiotic I'm on now is the slowest one I've ever taken and it was more expensive
than C.Pro or any of the other ones I've taken before that are just fine.
And I know you're not supposed to take the same antibiotic because then you build up
an antibiotic blah blah blah.
Yeah, we just now have an insurance-resistant bacteria.
Is that it?
Leptixim?
Is that it?
I don't know what the hell it's called.
I can't remember.
So F.U. to my slow antibiotics.
And that's all my F.Us of the week.
Now you can go, Jamie.
Okay.
Well, I love Sega.
I mean, if you don't love Sega, you probably have something wrong with your head.
So, um, this is good news for people is that Sega Superstars Tennis will be a week early.
It was supposed to be on March 20th and it's going to be out a week before that.
So you have minigames and basically it's Virtua Tennis.
It has achievements on Xbox 360 that are named after older Sega games.
And you can play as a bunch of the Sega feet.
So that's pretty cool.
Cool.
You know, actually, it's kind of interesting.
Nolan Bushnell, you might remember him for making the game Pong, among other things.
And he is now working on an MMO-based title.
No real clear answer on what exactly he's working on.
They're going to be competing, obviously, with World of Warcraft.
It's unavoidable that the social and massively multiplayer games have become important.
Basically, I don't know, very vague on what he's working on.
So, new multiplayer game, cool.
What it is, no idea.
Didn't he, like, retire from the industry or something?
And he opened up his restaurant.
Nolan Bushnell brought a pizza hand here.
Which was Chuck E. Cheese.
And so did I.
Interesting.
He was off the topic and he had stolen the right thing.
They joke, though, in the article that it's massively multiplayer online Pong.
I doubt that.
That would be pretty awesome.
I don't think that would be possible.
So, the drug is called Levaquin.
I looked it up.
And I just realized it's non-formulary.
That's why I pay it so much.
So I see my doctor kind of prescribing me something that doesn't pay too much money for it.
Sorry, I just didn't get that out there.
Who cares about Pong guys and MMOs?
Oh, that Chuck E. Cheese is kind of awesome.
Have you been to a Chuck E. Cheese lately?
They're really horrible now.
Decent salad bar, though.
But, you know, when I was little, I had a Chuck E. Cheese that was massive.
We had a big theater room.
It was this room that looked like a foyer to the bathroom that had glowing walls and shit.
It had hands and feet on the walls that would clap.
And it had a party room with hippopotamus chicken.
Have you ever been to Bullwinkle's in the Bay Area?
No.
It's like the old school Chuck E. Cheese.
At least, I hope it still is.
Last time I was there, which was a long time ago, it still was.
And these were when Chuck E. Cheese was starting to do the new super neon edgy Chuck E. Cheese shit.
It was still like the 1980s Chuck E. Cheese Bullwinkle.
But they have a little section where you can sit down.
And they have almost like one of those mini Vegas water show things where they have the fountain doing a little choreography and stuff like that.
Awesome.
That's pretty cool.
I don't know how big Bullwinkle's of a chain they are, but, you know, I guess Rocky and Bullwinkle aren't that popular.
I kind of want to go check it out now.
That'd be pretty cool.
Let me see if they're still even open.
Of course, there's always John's incredibly shitty pizza.
You know what? I like some of his pizza.
No, I know. It's a funny name. It's not a bad place.
But I really like having rice inside of a place.
That is pretty fun.
Anyhow, one thing I like seeing inside a place is Street Fighter IV.
Unfortunately, I haven't seen any yet.
But if you live in some places, they have been popping up.
And over at Wired.com, they did a pretty lengthy piece on Street Fighter IV's nostalgic allure, is what they called it.
But one interesting portion of it talked about that there is a possibility if and when there's console versions,
possibly that some other characters may come in.
You don't say bonus characters and console versions.
We haven't seen that before.
But who they name is very interesting.
Sakura could come over from Street Fighter Alpha or Ibuki from Street Fighter III.
So that would be kind of interesting.
Why not both?
Why not both?
Or do the old one on the Xbox, one on the PlayStation 3. That's always fun.
I miss the old times unlock stuff.
I thought that was cool.
Because when I told the story before, I used to work for an AMCO arcade.
And when we had Tekken 3, that would be like, who's next?
And have an outline of them.
Because I was keeping up with the overseas releases.
I would come back and tell my boss who is next.
And I found that they switched the order for the US version.
Interesting.
So it was pretty funny.
I hope that if they're going to have release characters in this, they do something like that.
So you sort of have to guess who it is or anticipate something that would add a little bit more excitement to it.
You know what I mean?
Well, some new characters are already being spotted in Street Fighter IV arcade machines that are out there in the wild in the testing regions.
And Sagat and Balrog have now shown up in the game to only add bosses like old school Street Fighter II who cannot select them on the main select screen.
So, kind of interesting.
And by Balrog, it's who we had in Vega over here.
I'm not sure because I believe it is Boxer Balrog.
Because one of these machines I believe is in North America and that's one of the games that's in Street Fighter IV.
And Sagat?
Yeah.
I was looking at the little video.
No, if you're right, it's the US version.
So unfortunately, the link will just close down apparently.
It got converted into a night club called the Backbeat in late 1990s and it was closed in the mid 2000s.
It was in Santa Clara, California.
Animatronic animals are not really high-end of animals.
There are some restaurants outside of California.
There's one in Wilsonville, Oregon, Cary, North Carolina, Richmond, Virginia, Miamiburg, Ohio, and early North Carolina.
Hey, it was a cool place.
It was pretty awesome.
They had a ton of cool stuff there.
Also, just want to say really quickly, all those screenshots you can see in Street Fighter IV, they all seem like they're in that upgraded version of the Chun-Li phase.
So there are some of the battle locations out there.
Here's what's showing up.
A drive-in at night, a beautiful day in South Asia, and an inland jungle in South America.
So some more battle regions are showing up.
I was looking at the movie that's up.
It's the Sagat versus UNDF and just watching how fluid it is.
It's really cute.
It really looks like it's captured a lot of the old feel of the older games.
I'm excited.
I'll definitely be checking this out when it comes out.
Arcade and console.
Now please let me know that I'm not at all excited about.
What's that?
It's Road Rash.
Because I hate Road Rash.
But my husband loves Road Rash.
So there has been a little bit let out that the Electronic Arts CEO is talking about doing another Road Rash, which is basically a game where your own motorcycles beat each other up.
Like we had that scene in Final Fantasy VII, where you go and beat people up.
Yeah, get in a Road Rash.
I remember that.
So someone actually let a few things slip about it coming out.
And that was actually in Road Sebastian Box.
At a classic metal show, he said that one of his recent songs is going to be in...
And to quote Ashley said, it's a super heavy song.
It just got picked up for some video game.
Road Rage or Road Rash or something like that.
Dude, who would have thought that a big scoop in gaming would have come from Sebastian Bach?
And EA actually said that Road Rash is not currently in development.
But Road Rage, that's a whole different story.
Sebastian Bach is posturing me because he was rich.
He did do a good rest.
Probably not deep.
And actually, it also is coming to the PlayStation Store as well.
It's from Capcom.
And it looks like it's going to be available for 800 Microsoft points or $10
or just $10 of real money on the PlayStation Network.
I haven't heard too much about this game.
It doesn't look that great.
But I don't know.
Tread them, at least.
All right.
This story is so cruel.
I don't know.
I feel like these parents, there's going to be a special place in hell for them.
But apparently, here's what's happened.
There's this YouTube floating around.
And there's this kid who got so excited because on Christmas Day,
he opened up his presents under the tree and he got an Xbox 360.
But unfortunately, here's what happened.
The Xbox 360 just was a box that was stuffed with clothes.
So the kid got clothes in an Xbox 360 box.
Yes, there is video.
This is so cruel.
I actually haven't even watched it.
He's all excited.
It makes you want to cry.
Poor kid.
He opens up the thing.
He's like, oh, my God.
Xbox 360.
Hell, yeah.
Of course, I love you anyways, though.
Oh, I'm going to open it up.
He's so excited.
Are you serious?
This is so wrong.
I forget which blog, but they suggested a pile of parenting books shaped like a car.
And they're all laughing.
And the parents are laughing at the kid.
And we wonder why our kids end up so screwed up in school.
That's fucked up.
But it is very fucked up.
I don't know if you've heard about the news on this.
In Gadget, they've offered to find the kid and they're going to give him a real life box 360.
If he gets emancipated.
I threw the last part in there, but seriously.
That's fucked up.
This kid's going to be in the news later on after playing the Xbox 360.
Later on, he's going to kill his parents in the middle of the night because, you know, they're fucked up.
And she's like, oh, I can't afford an Xbox 360.
Yet you're an asshole enough to go out there and find an empty Xbox 360 box to fill clothes with.
And they put it on the internet.
Oh, that's just fucked up.
Ag Def says, man, those parents are douches.
Frisbee says, look at me, I'm a big man, I can laugh at my own kid.
Ha ha ha ha.
Jamie, you're being awfully quiet.
I know you got a comment.
What do you think?
Disgusting.
Yeah.
I don't think there's anything at all funny about it.
That's just really disgusting.
This is why we have kids that are just like, go to school and be done shit.
You know?
Because their parents teach it to them.
I mean, what's a kid gonna think?
Seriously, my parents are assholes, that's what you're gonna think.
I mean, unless they just punked him with this and then like, you know, gave him the Xbox, you know, afterwards.
You know, like pretend to always can't afford it.
That's what I'm wondering is that maybe there's a second half where he actually got the Xbox later that none of us are seeing, but I don't know.
I doubt it.
Still.
Still.
All right.
So that's all I have to say on that story.
Well, that's just, I mean, I really am absolutely disgusted by that.
I mean, really disgusted by that.
Anyway, in happier moods, I should say.
Penny Arcade is, they announced that Penny Arcade Xbox X is going to be August 21st, 2008 with the DigiPen Institute of Technology.
So they're looking for ten independent developers that are being viewed by attendees and media and publishers.
And there's actually a panel of 50, I guess, industry top people who will be selecting the ten submissions they consider going to be the best based on gameplay and fun factor.
And there's also going to be one that the audience gets to vote on.
An Audience Choice Award.
That's kind of a neat idea.
I like the whole idea of bringing some independent stuff to the forefront.
It's pretty nice.
Yeah.
Props to these folks.
I would love to go to Penny Arcade Expo someday.
Maybe this will be my year.
Who knows?
We'll see.
I'll try.
All right.
We're going to open up the Skype line very soon.
1-877-GAME-OLR.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
But first, one more story.
I know this story is going to come as a shock to people.
If it's seriously breaking news, folks, you're going to want to listen in.
There's been a study.
A study has been done that shows men like video games.
Shocking, I know.
You don't say.
Absolutely shocking.
There's been a study, research that has been done by Frank N.
Looks like a legit associate.
I thought men like fixed cars and went to baseball games and that's what men did.
I always thought video games were like a female thing.
Didn't Oprah bring video games on her show and stuff?
I don't know.
Interesting.
It says, you know, apparently the study of 1,864 Americans showed that among males, overall
console gaming came in third behind using the internet and watching TV.
I might have the internet and TV for both watching porn.
Among males 12 to 34, console gaming came in first and then dropped dramatically in
older demographics.
I've been playing games until I die.
The research shows women overall would rather talk on the phone, watch the DVD, listen to
music or read a book before playing console games.
Oh, no.
There is an odd spike among 18 to 24-year-old females for console gaming.
Three web-based games did better with females, particularly among women of mature age.
No real shocking revelations, of course.
Act-deaf-con-chat says, LOL stereotypes.
It makes me want to go play some fucking Half-Life.
Son-of-tat says, where was masturbation on the list?
That must have been number four.
No, that just is included with all the topics.
Yeah, you have to understand, they do everything alphabetically, so it's mad and then masturbation.
Janai says, read a book, read a book.
It's almost like reading a book.
I'm thinking that there's probably a lot of women out there who like video games, too,
and I think there's also a lot of men who don't like video games.
I know that might be a shock to some people.
All right, we are going to open up the Skype line at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
His name is Skype.
Orange Mountain Radio.
But first, we have some voicemails to catch up on.
Sometimes when we're not live, some of the folks who like to listen to our podcasts and
so on, they like to leave us voicemails.
So, we want to get some of those out of the way real quick, so I'm going to start with this one.
Hi, guys.
I don't have a screening on your forum, but I'm known as Bezineater on the PlayStation Network,
and I'm also known as De'arra on Final Fantasy XI.
I just want to say to you guys, that's a great show.
I test it every week, and I think it has a couple of questions to you.
First of all, if you're going to see any kind of rumors, it's equal to Final Fantasy XI,
and if you provide any details, if you know any.
Secondly, I heard that
survival is a really great game and whatnot.
We have something like 20 million players, give or take.
But the thing is, though, I want to play it, but I don't have PC.
Is there any sense in how that he'll be coming to consoles anytime soon,
specifically PlayStation 3?
If he does, it'll be great, because right now my button-ups and my modes are really limited.
Any insights you guys have would be great. Thank you.
Thank you very much for the voicemail.
I'm thinking that where you're getting the impression that developers are working on the sequel
is because it has come out that the people behind Final Fantasy XI, that team, is working on another MMO,
but it hasn't been said what it is they're working on.
I think a lot of people are assuming it's Final Fantasy XI too,
but I honestly think if they are going to make another MMO,
it's not going to be Final Fantasy XIV or any of that.
They may make a new MMO with some of the same concepts, but I don't know.
Would it sell as well without a Final Fantasy name? I don't know.
A Kingdom Hearts MMO? Maybe. Who knows.
But there's nothing out there concrete at this time.
You can probably bet that they'll try to crank at least one more expansion out of Final Fantasy XI before it's done.
I know some people said this last one that came out, the...
the Prime one, not Precious of Honor again, but the one that just came out. Why can't I remember the name?
Williams of the Goddess?
Thank you very much. Williams of the Goddess.
A lot of people said this in the last one. I don't know.
I think if they did like 12 expansions forever, but I think they could get at least one more out of this, I think.
At least to hold the Final Fantasy XI fans over until the real sequel comes out, but I don't know.
Nothing concrete isn't said. Anything you hear out there is speculation alone.
One more voice mail for you guys.
I miss you guys. It was a plus.
Oh, and here's what I did on Sunday since I couldn't listen.
I... I had an equation set up at the clock and I said it was eight my time.
So I threw a random episode in my playlist and listened to it like I was listening to it.
I... I can't really recall the episode number up here, but it was fucking hilarious.
I'm thinking he has the reverse cage match in it.
This show's never coming.
I'm sure many of you know what it is.
I'm kind of paranoid that somebody's going to jack my computer while I'm not looking.
So I'm going to go ahead and say bye and with luck I should see you all on Sunday. Bye!
Couple comments from chat. Rama says,
Sounds like she's walking and talking. I kind of agree.
Sj100matt says, Is Misty the first PSP Sky caller? I believe she is.
I was trying to be number one, but I had the wrong...
You got beat!
No, that's definitely one reason I wanted to play that is because that would be the first PSP call we've gotten.
So there you have it.
Unless she was lying.
No, I don't think she's lying.
Because it came through with her name. She definitely made that call on Skype.
And from the way it sounded, she was definitely outdoors. She was not by a computer.
That was pretty bad quality for her.
Yeah, it wasn't bad quality for a call.
A. I think it's cute she was nerdy. I love it when people get nervous and they don't know what to say.
Because I'm like, we're just dumb kids like all the rest of you, so I don't know why.
But I guess sometimes it's hard when you're not getting the feedback.
Or at least our live callers get that live feedback where we can kind of tell them.
But yeah, I think that's really neat that she puts on the old episodes.
We do need to release more of the old episodes.
One of those projects I'll never get to.
Anyhow, let's open up the Skypline for all y'all.
It's now wide open for everybody to call in.
Orange Lounge Radio or our phone number 1-877-GAME-OLR.
username on Skype once again.
Orange Lounge Radio.
And after we do the Skypline tonight, we'll be getting some last minute phone calls.
Not last minute phone calls, last minute stories.
I've been doing this far too long.
Last minute stories you need?
Yeah.
Let's go ahead and take a call.
Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Legend of Dr.
I love Legend of Dr. What's on your mind?
Nah, just chillin' right here recovering from the heat that I got from clubbin' like a saint.
But that's besides the point.
Just wanted to probably point out the whole clusterfuck that Nintendo has created as a result of their attempts to create an online multiplayer.
What is your thoughts on that?
It's just bullshit, man. It's not bad.
I mean, it's bad enough when people like me have to wait in front of like 10, 20, 30 guys outside of Nintendo World every morning just to get the school week.
And then, you know, if you take it home, you realize that, you know, there's barely an online multiplayer experience to begin with.
But what about the children, Daku? What about the children?
Well, that's playing through the Disney book. You know, the soccer mom book.
But, you know...
Who is buying Wii's, Daku? Soccer mom?
Of course. That's the demographic.
And they're playing the Disney card because, you know, think about what would happen, you know, if someone were to catch them off guard by trying to do something that allowed, you know, the other players to basically, you know, to curse in a magic standard like they do on Xbox Live.
It would be a shit-toll.
You know, Xbox News, for example, would just, you know, spin the shit out of the Wii image.
The dark side of the Nintendo Wii, where these young children are being, their eyes are being raped by the hideous voice chat inside Mario Kart Wii.
How do these raise your children tonight on Fox?
If you're basically playing Mario Kart, you know, with voice chat or anything like that, you know, the only thing I'm worried about is ad-hoc.
And, you know, ad-hoc is just ruining the experience for everyone.
But at the same time, you know, it's like, if you put the right security measures on it, like, you know, I am totally fine with Nintendo saying, no communication between strangers, period.
But with the whole Franco thing, you know, I would think that, you know, once you have the Franco, then you should be able, if you want to say fucking shit, you should be able to do that.
Right, I mean, I don't know. I guess that kind of, you know, that kind of goes, you know, kind of basically takes away, if not, you know, goes in a different direction in terms of, you know, the typical matchmaking done on other places.
Yeah, I mean, yeah, that might be one thing, but I don't know if it'd be enough to throw the fuse or something.
Okay, quick question, Zach, and quick question, then we gotta wrap up.
G.S. 68 says, and he's quoting something he said earlier in chat, he said, you say the Xbox Live, they say, you know, N-I-G, blah, blah, blah, F-A, blah, blah, blah, and all that they say on Xbox Live, yet you bitch about Nintendo's online.
So, what's the answer? Because Xbox is too much, Nintendo is not enough. What's the answer?
I don't know, I mean, look, think about it. I mean, you can mute, in Xbox Live, I know you can mute people, right, and even though Nintendo is basically doing the mute for you, you don't even have that option to sign with other, like, rude, obnoxious players.
I mean, it's just basically, it's boiled down to a Disney-type level, where it's just, you know, this is what you can't, you know, these are the phrases you can't, you know, you can't say, and they just, you know, they can only work.
Okay, here's my last question for you, Zachu. As much as you or I may hate to admit it, is this change, is this revelation about the online thing and Mario Kart online, is it gonna affect sales?
I doubt it. I mean, most people, I mean, you know, most people won't leave it, and I doubt that many people even take advantage of all, you know, the online features anyways.
I mean, some will, but I think of Mario Kart as something you would share amongst friends, you know, with food and liquor and stuff like that.
And it's not just a social video game conference, that's, you know, that's ahead of the fields of your audience and the 360 and PS3 combined.
Right. I think you are right, Zachu. I don't think it's gonna affect sales at all. We gotta let you go, Zachu. Thank you so much for the call. Good to hear from you.
I hope you heard the bonus statement tonight, by the way. There was some very exciting news for you in there.
1-877-GAMEL, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. Let's go to another call. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio, who's this?
Hi, this is Act Deaf in Chat.
Hi, Act Deaf in Chat. How are you? What's on your mind, buddy?
Just talking about, everyone talk about the thing you talked about in the bonus segment about the March Madness, the DMN is urbanizing?
Yes, and just so our podcast listeners know, since they don't always get to hear the bonus statement, because we do something bonus.
DMN, one of our weeknight shows, I believe there's a show on Wednesdays, The Insanest Hour, he is putting together the top 64.
He's doing this March Madness thing with the 64 games, going face-off against each other, all the listeners submitted in their list.
And during the bonus segment tonight, the hosts voted on their favorite.
So that being said, I just want to get some background there, Act Deaf. What did you want to say on that?
You and Loki made a vote for one of the brackets. It was Ocarina of Time and Derby Superstar.
Yes.
I want to say that I'm with you. So not for the same reason, but just because I do think that Derby Superstar is a better game than Ocarina of Time.
Yeah, here's the thing. Loki and I made a controversial vote during the bonus segment and this whole thing.
We voted for Kirby Superstar over Ocarina of Time, and both of us said it's because basically we both agree that Ocarina of Time is one of the most, by the gaming community in general, overrated games there is.
I've tried playing it and I can't stand it.
When Zelda wins 3D for me, it just didn't work.
Even Wind Waker, or not Wind Waker. Wind Waker is fine. I like Wind Waker and I like Zelda for the DS.
But I don't like, you know...
It's not that I think it's a bad game.
I don't care for the more mature looking Link. I don't like the 3D ones that are on Nintendo 64 and I didn't really get into...
And I just love the Super Nintendo ones so, so much. It's one of my favorite games of all time. Seriously.
Maybe it's not solid talking but for me Kirby Superstar is the better game there because Kirby Superstar is like many games in one. Many adventure games, also multiplayer games.
And basically, although the story in it, or many stories in it, aren't as deep as Ocarina of Time, so you can have a better time playing it.
And even replaying it, like Great Table Planet is one of the games there.
It's basically an adventure game that you find treasures.
I think there's like 100 treasures you have to find and it's very difficult to do it in one simple run. You have to replay it again and again to get there.
Act out, but maybe you just want to admit that maybe a little bit you're just a Kirby fanboy.
Maybe. So, I do like Ocarina of Time and maybe it's one of my favorite games of all time but...
I just want to make that point that maybe Ocarina of Time is not that great of a game.
It's not all that in a bag of chips.
I'm sure there's many people out there that disagree, but you know what? That's the reason I love doing this show is because everybody has a different opinion.
And we have ours and I'm sure many of you have been asked in emails we did this week about how we hate Ocarina of Time. It isn't true. We like it.
Yeah, different strokes for different people.
Exactly. If you want to put it that way, then fine.
Alright, Act out any other comments you have for our listeners tonight.
I want to say that I already got my ticket for video games live, so in two weeks I'm going to see it.
Will we expect a full report?
You will.
Alright, sounds good. Take care Act out, have fun with video games live. We don't talk to you before that.
Same.
If you want to give us a call, we'll take one more call. 877-GAMELAR.
The call's coming back to back tonight. Hi, Aaron. Who's this?
Hey, hey, it's Ronald.
Wow, you got through. What do you own in Zaku and Raven's Dolphin? What is it that you guys have to get you in the chat before anybody else?
A fast trigger finger.
I guess so. You guys are good. Alright, well what's on your mind, Ronald?
Well, a couple of things about the whole of Nintendo online thing. Well, I don't blame them for setting up the preset text chat and all that, but when friends get together and play, it is the most rowdy-ness ever.
I mean, really, if I'm going to play Mario Kart Wii online with my friends, I'm left to curse like a sailor. I want to say this, I want to say that.
Me too.
Yes, I would.
Me too. The weird thing is that thanks to technology, I'm still going to do that, whether it be this whole Ventrilo thing or the, I love the idea of, I think it was even Loki or Chatter that said it.
You sign on to the Xbox 360 and do your chat on the 360 and then play the Wii.
Well, for me, I'll just bring my laptop next to the Wii and I'll just put my headset on and just like, everyone goes back there. Let's just go, you know?
Do you think maybe that's it? Do you think Nintendo maybe knows that, you know what, those people don't fucking care. They're all about, you know, coddling the family to make sure.
I'm just trying to be double-degged.
I think it tends to be on the fact that they're a quote-unquote family company, family gaming console and stuff like that, you know?
They're scared shitless about online is what it is.
It's pretty genuine chat, but it's more fun when it's multiplayer offline.
Honestly, when I get Mario Kart Wii, I'm going to be too busy hosting racing parties at my house and trying to get my Wii online and sit in a lobby, call my friends and get into the chat room and to the lobby where we can all play together.
You know what though, I gotta say though, Janine, sometimes that's not an option though.
You know, one of the beautiful things about the internet is that it brings you together. One reason I'm so obsessed with WoW to the point you guys make fun of me over it is that I get to play with some of my friends I don't see on a regular basis.
For instance, one of my closest friends lives in Kansas, so we play that way and we also have a guy in our guild who's from Idaho who's hilarious.
And yeah, there's a bunch of local people on there too, but we have a good time, you know, just laughing and playing the game and all that.
You know, a lot of our listeners, you know, we get to play games on DS sometimes, I get to play with people in New York City and all that stuff. So, you know, sometimes the internet really helps fill in that void and you can't have people on the couch.
True, true.
Alright, any other thoughts, Rambo, before I let you go?
Yeah, a couple of things, but number one, remember when you said earlier about a Hello Kitty PlayStation 3?
Yes.
I thought you had a thing for Batch Maroon.
It is the Batch Maroon thing, not a Hello Kitty thing, but I've just accepted the fact that people are just going to loop it all in the same thing and when I say Batch Maroon is Sanrio, they're going to go, oh, you like Hello Kitty.
Plus there's the whole fact that I have the toaster and the coffee maker, which doesn't help.
They don't make, like, if they came out with a Batch Maroon toaster, I would sell that thing, my Hello Kitty wanted to garage sale so quick and replace it, but they just, they don't do it.
No love for penguins.
So does my sister, they had the Hello Kitty AR-15 that came back.
You know, I was surprised no one got me the waffle maker for Christmas.
So many people said they were going to give me the waffle maker, but it was one of those things where I think no one wanted to buy it because they all thought everyone else was getting it.
Which is funny.
And before I go, when I went to chapter five a couple of weeks ago, a couple of interesting things. Number one, in the game room, they had a 32 inch HDTV set up, went to the Atari 7800, playing Mario Brothers.
That's fucking hardcore. You know, I have to admit, I have to admit, when I was at the record store this weekend that also sells the old games, and I saw some of the games that they had on the 2600, like combat and warlords and all that stuff.
And I was like, man, how fun would it be just for one day to hook up the Atari 2600 games to the TV, the big HDTV, and just have a brawl.
Brawl.
What?
Come over.
We'll hook up the 5200.
Let's just TV that shit.
I want to actually have the 5200 hooked up because even though the controllers broke really easily, I would totally love to get like a Kix game going on.
Oh, good times.
I want some epic Kaboom.
Actually, not a game, I really love.
I want some HD Kaboom.
I love kangaroo.
We need to do that one weekend.
And leave us.
I think one weekend, we need to just marathon the shit out of old school Atari games.
Why don't we do this? How about twice a month, or you know, we can manage the time.
We pick an old console, hook that shit up and play it.
You're talking old console, or you're talking twice a month.
You're talking about my, you know, vault in my house.
Yeah, I know.
It does need to get played.
It does.
I think we can do it for click-a-vision and television.
Let's make it happen. Let's not let this go the way the Super Metroid thinks.
We set a time, we set a date, and we do it.
I bring it over to Justin's TV cam so the chatters can enjoy it too.
We'll point it at the TV and just go to town.
Let's do it.
Let's do it. When?
Okay, we can't set a time right now because we have to consult our calendars, but Rama, you're in charge of bitching at us until it happens.
Well, this isn't early April.
All right.
We will do.
We have to wait that long?
Well, because I'm not able to do with content.
Oh, that's right.
And I'm getting shot in the head next, not just right at the neck.
All right, so Rama, you stay on our asses until it happens, all right?
That's what I will do.
All right.
We gotta let you go, Rama.
All right, most of our game is in the game room.
My match club is Brawl.
Out of all the hot games, everybody was online from Brawl.
All my best friends came and were screaming.
Oh, my God.
Brawl was so good.
It was so good.
I'm like, dude, relax.
Over your room.
Change your underwear.
Go back to play, okay?
Relax.
The line was like going all over the place.
Yes, you had data.
Everybody was there to play Brawl.
This game isn't clear.
At least 500 copies per se.
But you know what?
You were looking at Brawl's target audience at that place, you know what I mean?
Of course, all the people that go to anime concerts are excited about Brawl.
Most of them are Nintendo fanboys.
But still, I mean, you have people my age going, let's go to the forest.
It's gonna be huge, stellar.
I'm not doubting you on that, Rama.
It's gonna be huge, stellar.
We gotta let you go.
This call's going on for very, very long.
But thank you so much, as always.
Take care, everybody.
Sorry.
This is getting to seven minutes.
I'm trying to keep them at four minutes now.
One more call.
We're wrapping up.
Let's see.
How far are we in the show?
I think we gotta wrap up.
That's just part B.
Cause the bonus there.
Bonus statement tonight was 15 minutes.
It's 9.30 here.
We gotta end this shit.
So, that being said, quickly, Loki, any last minute stories?
Yes.
I have last minute stories for you.
Alright.
Okay.
Lego MMO.
We know and love that they have coming out.
What's cool about it is if you build stuff in the game, you can actually hit a button,
much like you can in Spore, and they will spit out a kit that will actually be shipped
to your house where you can build stuff in the game.
That's pretty awesome.
Wow.
That's kinda neat.
You don't know Jack has become part of Yahoo Games.
Oh, I'm so sad that missed the cut tonight.
That is very exciting news.
I'm very excited about that.
Is it up now?
Can you play it?
Yes, it is up now.
Shut up.
I don't know what I'm doing tonight.
I'm not sure.
Resident Evil Zero is coming to the Wii in Japan to support the GameCube thing and much
like...
Yeah.
Anyway.
A Finnish company, or Finnish stopper company, called FutureMark Game Studio has filed papers
to trademark pwnage.
Yes, they're trying to trademark pwnage.
Was they gonna put it on shirts and stuff?
I don't know why.
Interesting.
Let's see.
Then, the PlayStation Store is apparently gonna be overhauled in April.
It's gonna look more like the Things Store, which, you know, a little different, a little
bit easier to navigate.
So that's kinda cool.
So we'll get for that in April there.
And this will be Arcade Stage 4 is headed to PS3.
That's pretty cool.
Wow.
This is not a game I'm gonna be importing, though.
I learned my lesson the first time.
Did the other Initial D games come out on console?
I don't think they ever did.
They're not here.
Even here.
And they have Initial D on the PSP as well.
Strange.
And lastly...
I have a PS3 one.
Hmm.
Lastly, to piss off people even more, a guy named Vandal had an Xbox 360 which he had
signed by team members from the budget staff, Xbox 360 team members.
There's even a sketch of Spartans done by the Rooster Teeth guy.
Anyways, his 360 died and had the free ring, so he sent it in to get sick.
He even, you know, took precautions of asking them, hey, you know, can you send this back
to me in the same case?
If not, you know, can you make sure you put the new case on the new system?
That kind of stuff.
Well, he gets it back.
Serial numbers match and everything, but they rubbed off the Sharpie, you know, drawing
was on the case.
It's not a new case.
It's actually the old case and they literally rubbed it off.
You can see parts where the Sharpie marker is still there.
Somebody didn't get the memo.
Why would they do that in the first place?
Why would you rub something off?
I mean, that's just being a dick is what that is.
And no one else that didn't make a cut.
The singing store is also going to be getting 67 songs in the next update, which I believe
is supposed to happen in April as well.
The only problem is those 67 songs weren't all the other King Star games, so it's nothing
new.
Alright, well, let's go around and get everybody's final thoughts.
George Parker, we'll start with you tonight.
Your final thoughts.
Tired.
My final thought is wine is good.
Plum wine was good.
What's your final thought?
My final thought is I'm still working on that 360.
It's still being a seller.
Alright, well, after our amazing February of fail, we hope March has been a good month
to you guys so far.
I think it was a good show tonight.
I do think it was a good show tonight.
So thank you everybody for tuning in and supporting us and supporting independent radio and independent
podcasting.
You guys are awesome and you know we only do this every week for you guys that continue
to support us.
We, you know, we don't charge or any of that stuff for the show.
So if you like what you hear, just tell two friends.
That's all we ask.
Help spread the word of Orange Lounge Radio and that'll keep us motivated to come back
next week where there will be more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Until then, I'm Rob.
She's Dark Sakura.
That's Loki.
We'll see you next week.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and on-time videos, head over to our website, Orange Lounge
Radio dot com.
We'll be right back.
See you next week.
You've been listening to the Orange Lounge Radio lost episode.
Now for my shameless plug, www.marathongamer.com.
Thanks for tuning in, guys.
