Orange Lounge Radio
There's a host, Dark Sakura, Skye and Loco
Tonight, March 23, 2008, Puzzle Quest on Xbox Live gets a new expansion,
Gibson sues even more businesses over Guitar Hero,
and could Kid Icarus be really making a comeback this year?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet, and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me, as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura, Jamie Summers.
Yo.
How are you, Miss Summers?
I'm full of waffles.
Enjoying the Easter waffles. Isn't this a tradition in your fam?
Well, with our big group of people.
Although it seems that every year there's a new baby added with our friends who join us.
Because one year they have Bob, the next year they have Tatiana is her name.
They call her Tater.
That's a nice name for a child, Tater.
She's cute. She's a cutie.
I don't doubt it. Babies are cute.
And, um, um, we basically just, you know, went to Marie Callender's and got, well, everyone goes, I finally learned my lesson after doing this for eight years.
Is, um, they always go through the omelet line, and I get sick on the omelets every year for some reason.
So I was like, screw your omelets! I'm having eggs Benedict and waffles.
And I had waffles and chocolate eclairs.
Here we go with the whole Food Network thing again.
I swear, our podcast. Video Games Plus Food Equals Yum.
That was great.
That was the alternate name for our podcast, by the way.
No, I'm making that up.
Alright, well, Happy Easter to you, Dark Soccer. I'm glad to hear it.
And the blessed Ostara to you.
Waffly good for you.
And Happy Easter, whatever the heck it is you guys all celebrate.
Well, technically the Spring Equinox is Friday.
If anything. Huh?
The Spring Equinox is Friday.
Alright, then Happy Equinox. Happy whatever.
Happy day. Just happy day.
Happy day, Loki. Tech Master Loki, also here every week.
Hello.
How are you?
I'm okay.
Did you do anything special today? Did the Easter Bunny leave you anything good?
No, I just went over to my mom's house and we barbecued ribs.
Mmm ribs!
You guys have interesting ways of spending Easter.
I mean, interesting good. Not like interesting bad.
But more food.
Or as Frisbee in Chat Room says,
chat.orangelandtrader.com, the always present fourth guest on the show.
Waffle Lounge Foodio.
That could be the name of the show. Waffle Lounge Foodio.
You could play the waffle song from Mystery Science Theater.
No, we're not going to play the waffle song right now.
We're going to get into How Was Your Gaming Week, but first a teaser.
A little teaser.
We have big news to talk about. Like, big.
Like, we just found out 30 minutes ago big.
We'll be talking about that in just a moment.
I know a lot of people in chat are kind of going like WTF because they can hear us on Justin TV talking and like want to know what's up.
And yes, someone died. I killed them.
No, no one died.
The ferret died. Where has he been for the past like year?
Actually, I found the ferret the other day and then I put him back in the dusty corner and I found him and...
Hey, you should have brought the ferret out.
Alright, DarkSakura, how was your gaming week?
It was uneventful.
Really.
That's it?
It was uneventful.
No DSing? No Ragnarok? No nothing?
Well, I played Ragnarok.
Well, of course. Of course. I mean, that goes without saying.
But I actually did not touch my DS all week. I moved that game.
That game that Dan brought me home that I'm not going to play.
The Professor whatever the fuck it is.
Professor Layton?
Yeah.
You know, I've heard a lot of good things about that game. You might actually want to check it out at some point.
He's hearing. I'm not going to play it.
Well, then give it to me. I'll play it.
Well, you can borrow it.
She doesn't like learning games. She's above that.
Yeah, you don't like learning.
No, I've already learned.
And I found your copy of Every Extend Extra.
Sweet.
Yeah.
Oh, that's where it went.
At my house. It got lost in the vault.
Things disappear at Dark Sakura's house.
That's okay. I found some of Kristen's movies, too.
Alright.
Alright, well, then since your gaming week was uneventful, I'll turn to Loki. How was your gaming week?
I wish I could say I was much better.
I did play a game.
I played Saints Row multiplayer and also the single player stuff because that's why I was playing during lunch.
Now, really this week, though, I was still trying to fix that one 360. I have it now not three-ringed anymore.
So, I just have to see if it stays that way because I don't know if I mentioned this, but I had a third 360 go down on me now.
So, now it's three there, three ringed, and three there not.
So, what percentage of Xbox 360s does that make?
50.
50% of them.
50%.
Luckily, this new one, though, what I did for this one, or I'm planning on doing, is right now it's in one of the clear cases.
So, I'm going to put the old case back on it, and then I bought off of eBay a security label from Microsoft,
you know, one of the ones that they removed on there.
So, I'm going to slap that back on there, and they can fucking replace the thing because I'm not touching it, bastards.
Yeah, and I'm addressing this comment in chat because some people may not know.
Mike W. says, how many 360s does Loki have again?
So, please refresh us.
How many 360s do you have?
I have six.
And why that many?
I had to land them in a game room, and I got them for that.
That's amazing.
That's amazing.
Well, I had five originally, but then I bought one to replace another one, but I ended up fixing the original.
So, we have six.
Wow.
One that hopefully will be fixed here pretty soon because, like I said, it's not three ringed anymore,
but I think it may have overheated so many times that it's damaged, but we'll see.
And then this last one, which I'm sending to Microsoft, so that will be fixed.
So, hopefully it will all be fixed at one point.
But it's not very promising that three out of the six have died within the last, like, three months.
I don't know.
Nice.
So, that's all I really got around to playing this week.
I do have a lot of stuff lined up for this week, including K Project, which is that Res Beta that got released out there.
So, I want to try that because that looks cool.
I've got to dig out my Dreamcast for that.
And then Final Fantasy VII Crisis Core.
Oh, actually I played a little bit of Smash Brothers this week.
Just space emissary stuff.
Oh, and I added everybody in the goddamn friends code list, so stop your bitching.
Okay, seriously.
Nobody was online when I was online earlier, so you know what?
Stop complaining.
Talking about the Orange Lounge Radio forum thread, right?
Of course.
Yeah.
That's what I thought.
Yeah, I added everyone.
No, I didn't add everyone, but I added most people, like...
No, I think I might have added everyone.
So, because I have, like, 40 codes in there, and I've hardly ever played Smash Brothers.
But I'm guessing since Loki's done, I'll go over to my game a week.
I have been playing Smash Brothers a little bit.
I've been working mostly on, like, the single player stuff, not emissary mode for some reason.
Because my friend played, like, 70% through emissary mode, so I didn't even really have to.
I mean, I guess I should go back to his file and beat it or something so I can get some of those characters.
But I've been working mostly on single player and trying to unlock everything in the gallery.
Like, you know, play five brawls with Princess Peach to get Super Mario 2 and, like, things like that.
I've been trying to do as much of that stuff as I can.
So, good times.
And otherwise, I haven't been playing a whole lot.
I went back to the Xbox 360 and just played some random old stuff.
Nothing really of note was playing some World of Warcraft, but I was out of town this weekend.
And I was staying about a block from the Metreon.
Didn't even think to go there.
Just didn't, it's not what it used to be.
You know, if you were there next week, you could actually go to a Crysis core launch party.
That's alright.
Well, actually, I do have to go back to San Francisco next week anyway.
So, maybe I'll check it out.
Well, it's like Tuesday.
Oh, never mind. I'm not going on a weekday.
Hmm, interesting.
Alright.
So, yeah, no new games to review this week.
That's kind of odd.
I've been playing Scrabulous on Facebook.
It's just like Scrabble.
I rented a movie on the Xbox Live movie service thing.
Oh, what'd you rent?
I rented Dark City.
And how was that?
That's a cool movie.
I've seen it before, so it was cool.
Was it in HD?
No, they didn't have an HD version of that, but it's just standard definition.
It wasn't that expensive.
240 points.
And, fuck, it's pretty easy.
You don't have to wait that long.
You just kind of download it and about, I'd say, 30 seconds later, you could start watching it.
Yeah, it just depends on your bandwidth.
If you have dial-up, you might have a problem.
Well, if you have dial-up, I don't think you're going to fucking be downloading a movie.
That would suck.
One gigabyte file?
Yeah, no thanks.
I don't know. It was okay.
I just want to hear something funny, too.
Actually, I have a friend at work right now who's really into rock band,
and he keeps playing all the hard songs for me and then locking me achievements.
Nice.
Because, you know, I can't fucking play the game on hard.
What am I talking about?
I can play guitar. I can't do drums.
Oh, I played rock band this week.
I played a lot of rock band this week, actually.
That's why you take it to parties.
Because of that new, and I don't want to spoil the story of this coming up,
but some of you guys know, rock band had some enhancements this week,
and we'll talk about them a little more a little later on,
but I went to check them out.
I haven't checked the rock band store in a long time,
and I forgot that you can get some Nine Inch Nails songs that are pretty cool,
and I got that.
And then the B-52s have a song on there, so I had to get that,
so I went shopping on rock band because I heart microtransactions.
I've spent way too much money.
Not really, but yeah, I've spent way too much money.
Yeah, way too much on rock band, seriously.
But just think, the next party we have is going to be so bitchin' with rock band.
So we need a rock band party.
The thing though, they don't make it very easy because of that stupid digital rights management.
You know, anything I download, and if I bring it over here,
whatever, I have to be logged in on live in order for all that content to be available.
It sucks.
Yeah, it really blows.
ActDeft is crying in chat.
He says, Mexico still can't access the music store in rock band.
You know what, in some ways it's a good thing,
because then you just start spending money so stupidly,
because you're like, oh, I have points.
I could just spend them.
That's a sad face.
Yeah.
What?
That is a sad face.
That is a sad face.
Very sad face.
So, there you have it.
Okay, so let's get to the big news, and it actually really sucks.
Like, there's really no easy way for us to kind of mention this.
Literally we just heard about some of the changes that have been going on with our streaming provider,
which is Live 365, literally about 30 minutes before our show went live tonight,
and the long and the short of it is that Live 365 is making some obscene changes in their pricing policies,
and they are going to be upping their rates to these obscene amounts.
Basically right now we pay about $60 a month to have about 100 live listeners.
We would have to pay under this new plan $120 a month for 60 live listeners,
which would only barely accommodate what we do on Sundays.
Usually we don't talk about ratings.
We get about 50 to 60 live people on a good Sunday night,
and we've actually gone beyond that before.
I think our highest show had 70 or 80.
I think we've hit higher than 80.
I want to say we have, but I don't know.
It just sucks because it kind of came out of nowhere.
Supposedly, Live 365 sent an email a month ago.
I don't know. I never got it, so whatever.
They're upping these rates, and even if we could afford it, we kind of don't want to.
We've made a decision that we will be leaving Live 365 effective on April 12th.
So that really sucks because that means the feed that we started in May of 2002 is going away.
I wish this was an April Fool's joke chat.
It's not. It's completely legitimate.
This is not an April Fool's joke, like a preemptive strike or something,
because it's not even April yet.
But we have no choice but to leave Live 365.
You'll note I said we are not quitting the show,
so the question is now how do we continue to do Orange Lounge Radio,
but not with Live 365, who we've kind of had for about five and a half years and so on.
And trust me, a lot of the obvious things you guys are talking about in chat,
we're thinking about them too.
So we've sent some emails.
We've kind of put our feelers out there and done some discussion
to see what we can do over the next week,
and we'll hopefully have further information to announce for you guys next week.
And whether that's our own shoutcast, I haven't the foggiest idea.
Again, guys, you have to understand literally we found out about this like 30 minutes to an hour ago,
so we're still trying to kind of scramble to.
But regardless, our live feed will be closing effective April 12th,
meaning that those of you guys that listen at work to the lovely video game music
that plays all day long and the retro lunch and all that, it's going away.
And what I feel most horrible for are the other live folks that we've had
bless our stream with their presence for their hard work in live shows over the years,
including DMN, including Travis Donovan, of course,
including extra for back when he had his show,
including the three of us that do our spinoff shows and we feel like it,
and the things that we had planned that we wanted to do with the live feed
that now all those plans are effectively off, unfortunately.
And obviously we'll do whatever we can for our friends that broadcast as well,
but we have to kind of like our number one priority right now is relocating our Sunday show first,
and then we'll see what we can do after that.
Act Def asked, what's going to happen to DM Insanity and TDL?
I hope they keep going.
I hope they keep going somehow, but unfortunately,
Orange Lounge Radio won't be around for them to do that with.
So Orange Lounge Radio kind of ends in a way on April 12th
because Orange Lounge Radio was the radio station.
This show is actually Orange Lounge Radio Live,
but obviously over the years it's just been like Orange Lounge Radio.
So yeah, I don't know.
The next week is going to be very interesting.
So that's the news.
If you have suggestions or offers, I guess, I don't know,
send us an email.
You can contact me in my personal email box,
rob at orangeloungeradio.com or our general email bag,
mailbagorangeloungeradio.com.
We think we know what we want to do.
We think we know the option that makes the most sense to us,
but it involves other people.
We have to make sure they want to do it too.
So that's that.
You got anything else you guys want to add?
I don't know.
I've kind of been dying.
I don't know.
If you don't like what's going on, you send your emails,
I'd say, to the Live 365.
Professionally, please.
Yeah, professionally.
And then in turn, they hopefully will send emails
to whomever is charging them.
Unfortunately, I think that they probably
know what's going to happen because they're raising
all the rates on their stations.
Obviously, a lot of people are just
going to forego paying those rates and just quit
or find elsewhere, and that's unfortunate.
I imagine we're not the only station that's doing this.
And I'm sure that they didn't have, you know,
it wasn't really their choice to do that,
but that's kind of they have to build.
It does go back to the royalty things you've probably
heard about from the past year.
At least that's what they're blaming it on,
but I still think it was kind of a bit out of left field.
It gives them taking advantage of that situation
for their own personal gain.
I can't help but feel there's a little of that going on.
Anything you want to add, Jamie?
As to somebody who's been a live broadcaster for this long?
Not really.
Not that it hasn't already been said.
So, it sucks.
Wah, wah.
Only to get a fuse.
No.
Ross Steele, UT, says Life 365 is simply
using the RIAA boogeyman as an excuse to screw people.
I don't want to knock them right now,
but let me put it this way.
We have the money to keep going if we wanted to.
We could do the 60 listener limit,
but we just kind of don't want to.
We think we can do better.
This is more of an incentive.
It kind of shows us that like, hey, Orange Launch Radio,
you guys have been kind of lazy the past six years.
Just stay on the Life 365, because it was convenient
and it was there, and you just touch a button
and everything's all set up.
So, this is really going to kind of force
us to explore alternatives.
And it could be exciting.
It could be the beginning of big change.
Big change.
When one door closes, another opens.
Absolutely right.
I was just going to check that out.
This is also another option right here.
They have actually people that do hosting for unlimited listeners.
We'll see.
Maybe.
We'll see.
Maybe.
Maybe.
I don't know.
So, we'll see over the next week.
We're exploring lots and lots of ideas.
So that's that.
Obviously, our number one priority is keeping this show going.
I don't think that many people's worlds will be crushed without a 24-7 music feed.
I apologize to those that have been listening to our 24-7 music feed.
I know there are some that do,
but obviously Sunday show is the priority for us right now.
So, we'll see.
All right.
Too much bad news tonight.
Too much bad news.
We need to get into some other news.
The show will continue.
Even if we have to do a non-live show for a couple of weeks, we will.
While we relocate, we'll do whatever it takes,
but we don't plan on shutting down this show,
the Sunday night program as it is.
So, that's that.
So, we're still here.
Na-na-na-na-na.
You can't shut us down that easily.
All right.
Let's get into other housekeeping tonight.
The other housekeeping tonight, of course,
a happy Easter or whatever it is you celebrate today.
If nothing at all, then happy Sunday to you.
To all of our Orange Launch Radio listeners,
yes, we are here live on Easter
because everybody, I guess, did their stuff this morning.
I went to the Bay Area this weekend,
had a very lovely weekend in San Francisco.
It was good.
Speaking of San Francisco, this is more of a personal favor.
I promised some friends of mine.
It's another hobby of mine that I do,
and I promised them I would plug this on the show.
It's kind of a live appearance for me, so to speak,
and it would only work if you're in the San Francisco Bay Area,
so I apologize to our listeners who are not.
But on Friday, April 25th,
in the city of San Francisco at the Clay Theater,
which is at Clay and Fillmore in San Francisco,
I'm going to be appearing in a live showing of Shock Treatment,
which is a movie that is the sequel to the Rocky Horror Picture Show, sort of.
I mean, it's not really the sequel, but...
It has the same characters?
Kind of. It has Brad and Janet.
If you see it, watch it again so that you'll get it.
Yeah, exactly.
And the thing is that they do Rocky Horror Picture Show,
and I've been involved with that for a long time.
You know, the show I did before Orange Lawns Radio actually started
because of Travis and I's mutual love of Rocky Horror Picture Show
under Station Live.
I still am involved with that, not as heavily as I used to be,
but I still respect the scene and the counterculture that it provides.
This is very rare to have this show on the big screen.
This is probably the only time this year, outside of a convention,
this will show on the big screen, anywhere.
So it's Friday, April 25th.
I'm going to be in it. I'm in the cast.
It's a huge cast. There's like 15 to 20 other people.
So check that out. It's at the Clay Theater, April 25th.
And a guy that was actually in the movie is going to be there, too,
Gary Shale.
He was an Oscar drill of Oscar drilling the bits.
He's going to be there, and he's performing live at the show.
Is he going to play the same character?
That'd be funny.
About 20 years later, I think so.
I don't think he's going to be in the movie,
but he's going to do a live performance of probably that song,
and I think he's done a musical career since then,
so maybe like one or two of his other songs.
I want to go.
That's pretty cool.
You should go. It'll be fun.
I'll have to arrange work earlier that day.
All right. So it'll be fun. Friday, April 25th.
Completely different than video games,
but I promised the cast I would give them a shout-out.
Shout-out!
The Orange Lounge Radio Wiki.
Jamie, I showed you that before the show.
Isn't that awesome, the Orange Lounge Radio Wiki?
I love it that you're missing some jokes.
You need to go old school.
We have like, you know, cake, death cake.
There's lots of old school jokes,
but I've got to say I'm very impressed with the work
that the folks that have been working on the Wiki have done.
Again, the place that the Orange Lounge Radio Wiki is at,
orangeloungeradio.wiki, that's W-I-K-I-A dot com,
and just to give you an idea of what's there,
and this is all the listeners that have been doing this.
This is incredible.
They have a page of like inside jokes from the show
that includes like the locust, tingle, bet,
and just some of the other things that have come up on the show,
and there's been...
They can hear the plane over the live feed right.
Can they hear that on the podcast?
They're hearing that on Justin TV.
Probably Justin TV because the mic's right by the window.
Oh yeah, because the window's open.
Yeah, they probably can hear the plane outside.
Okay, yes, we live by an Air Force base,
or it's not actually...
It was an Air Force base.
Air Force base.
It used to be an Air Force base.
It used to be an Air Force base.
It was a CHP.
Oh, somebody's breaking the law.
We don't live that far.
Sorry.
Isn't it now like a business airport is what they use at Fort primarily?
Like FedEx?
And air shows.
Yeah, and air shows.
Oh God, the air shows.
Oh God.
I mean, the Blue Angels kind of get old to me after the first couple times,
and they're so loud.
I used to go see the Blue Angels when I was a kid, okay?
That's how fucking old they are.
It's just really...
No, we've always lived by the airport,
but now it's just tonight the window's open because it's hot here now,
so we have the fan on and the window open.
Yeah, and I think it's bad now.
We only get to like 110 outside.
By the way, I found out the information for you on an air conditioner.
All right, excellent.
We'll talk about that later.
That's the reason why we can't afford Live 365.
Because we need an air conditioner.
We just have, you know.
All right, enough about the plane.
Okay, where the hell was I?
I was talking about the inside jokes, and they've compiled...
Okay, get this.
There's a list of every single Orange Lounge radio episode,
at least the two go in podcast editions,
and like Dark Tetsuya or somebody went through,
I don't know if this is everybody,
they actually listed what happened on every single episode.
It's nuts.
And then like Dark Sakura's Classic Game of the Week,
an entire archive of the Classic Game of the Week is up there.
Which helps me tremendously.
Yes, because now she won't repeat anything on accident.
Exactly, because I was actually looking at the game I picked today,
goes, I've mentioned this so much, should I already do it?
So we'll find out what that game is a little later on.
And we'll see, it'll be a race to see who can add it to the wiki first,
what the game is tonight.
So we'll get to that a little later in the show.
All right, but let's get to some gaming news.
Too much housekeeping and stuff tonight.
We need to get into the thick of it with some gaming news.
So, Loki, please start us off.
So this week, well actually I should say,
it hasn't come out yet, but they announced,
Sony has announced that a new firmware update
will be coming to the PS3 that's going to add Blu-ray Profile 2.0 support,
which I think is better known as BD Live.
And it will allow you to do different things with your movies,
including they'll have additional downloadable interactive content,
as well as like interactive games with leaderboards and that kind of stuff.
All stuff that you can kind of throw together on a Blu-ray disc,
which is pretty cool.
Some other cool stuff that they're enhancing,
you'll be able to play DivX in Windows Media files larger than two gigabytes.
Also the music and photo playlist can be exported from the PS3 to the PSP.
DVDs and Blu-rays will resume playback for the moment you last stopped them.
The PSP can be used as a remote control to play music on the PS3.
And the web browser will feature a faster page loading times
with the ability to save links and stream linked videos.
That's pretty cool.
And also I guess another thing they call mosquito noise reduction
will be added to AV control panel for Blu-rays and DVDs.
I don't know what the fuck that last part is, but I'm sure someone out there does.
I have no idea what that means either.
What was that called? Mosquito?
Mosquito noise reduction.
My guess may be like...
Is that to like filter out the planes that fly by while you're watching the movies?
I don't know about that. Maybe like line humming or something like that.
It removes like the hum off the line.
Interesting. Well, I thought Blu-ray was supposed to be like perfect anyway.
What the hell is there doing line noise?
Your Blu-ray may be perfect, but your theater setup may not be perfect.
Ah, I see. Okay. All right.
And my God, that sun is so fucking bright through that window.
I'm just like blinded by that.
I'm sure the Just2TV people that are watching us on there can see,
but as we're taping, you know, just the way the sun is.
I'm just fine.
The sun is shining like right on Loki and I during the entirety of tonight's show.
I'm hiding in shadows.
Yes, we know Dark Soccer. We know.
You know what? Why don't you just like duct tape a towel up there?
Nah, it's cool.
Loki's just re-situating.
See, what will be funny is that then later the sun will move slowly and hit you in the eyes again.
Isn't it going that way?
Well, like last week it kind of went down after a while.
It's shining through the last window right now anyway.
Constant exposure to your eyes will eventually give me a headache.
Yes.
And I'm already starting to get one.
Maybe that's why I had a headache earlier. I don't know.
Stories.
All right. Anyway, sorry.
So the PlayStation 3 is not the only thing getting a firmware upgrade,
you know, for the whole Blu-ray 2.0 or whatever you want to call it.
PSP just got a new firmware. It got the 3.93 firmware.
It just rolled out recently.
It's not a whole lot of new stuff.
It's 20 brand new players in the internet radio feature, and that's really it.
Although I imagine it probably closed some loopholes in the hacking world,
but my other question would be, has this already been hacked, Loki?
No, it hasn't because really all it did was add just those 20 stations,
so they have a workaround to add those 20 stations if you want,
but otherwise they're not worrying about cracking it because it's basically just that.
Oh.
It seems a little silly to do a whole firmware upgrade just to add.
Those better be 20 damn good stations.
20 damn good stations better be in there.
We'll see.
I don't know, does 3Speech have their own radio station? I'm sure.
No, I think all games where we're syndicated on Monday nights and Tuesday mornings,
I think they're on there, so that's all you really need, right?
We're not on there because Live 365 doesn't go on ShoutKastV,
so we've been paying all that money. Why?
Well, we can't even get listed on PSPs.
Oh, forget it. It's old hat now.
Things are going to be changing soon.
I have two words for that.
Oh, AlphaKantagram says it's not stations, it's players.
So I guess I'm what, like different skins and stuff?
Well, that's even lamer.
Yeah.
Tony players.
RasteelUT says OLR should be on 3Speech Radio.
That would be fun.
Then we could talk about all the great things in the Sony world and nothing else.
Let's talk about all the good things in the Sony world.
And our show would be only five minutes long.
Hey, I have some great things in the Sony world to talk about.
All right, then please do share.
More like Sony being fucking stupid.
Ha ha.
No, basically EA put out a patch for the Orange Box on PS3
that's supposed to address these problems with connectivity and frame rate issues
and slow loading times, but they haven't put out any other documentation
to really say what else it's supposed to do.
And the thing is like 128 meg.
So it's kind of big.
And no one else really knows what else it does.
And the whole thing is it's not really Valve that did it.
It's from their third party, so whatever.
Well, at least it's not like, I was going to say like Bully got patched recently
and apparently the patch didn't do anything.
See, Valve, this is what you get for having software on PlayStation 3.
I don't know, RustyOUT in chat says the patch does nothing.
Well, he said what the patch did.
It's just, I don't know.
It's supposed to do.
Well, I am looking that up right now because I don't remember off the top of my head
because I don't own the PS3 version of the Orange Box.
And you know me, I don't care about anybody but myself, so I don't know.
I don't have the PS3 version either.
I have the Xbox 360 version.
And keep in mind, the only version worth having is either PC or Xbox 360.
PlayStation 3 is, it's not meant to be online.
Well, I mean, let's not get mad at them.
I mean, who cares?
Okay, the PS3 version, they maybe didn't program it just quite right.
Well, we actually had a discussion on that earlier today
about which version of Bionic Commando we were going to get.
And Dan was pretty much saying that even though it's going to be scaled back for resolution,
we're talking about getting the Xbox 360 version because there will be more people online to play with.
I guess that's true.
And I don't know if they're going to actually scale it back resolution-wise.
I mean, after all, they did allow them to break the barrier for Street Fighter 2 HD Turbo Remix,
whatever the fuck it's called now.
I think that that was the last announced thing, though, that they were having to scale it back
because the game wasn't quite working at the full resolution.
I'm sure Microsoft will let them bend the rules a little bit to make it work with a big game like that.
Okay.
Anyways, since we've wasted enough time, now I can tell you what was in that patch.
They fixed graphical issues where a player would have the explosion effect
left on the end of their rocket launcher while attempting to rocket jump.
Some memory leaks fixed an issue where the player's name would not appear on the stats comparison screen.
There's an issue that would cause the vote tallies to disappear when you viewed a scoreboard between rounds.
Online server issue.
Let's see here.
An issue with players not always being added to the player's menu and across media bar.
Fixed a bug where a player viewing a friend without an EA account
would have an empty entry in their friend's leaderboard.
Fixed an issue where it was not possible to connect to EA servers if you have more than 30 friends.
Sounds like they fixed a lot of issues, but nothing really important like frame rate issues
or anything that really needed to be fixed.
Huh, unfortunate.
Speaking of Valve, you know what I checked out?
Finally, after all this time, and I know some of you guys are going to be like,
Oh my God, Rob, you're behind the times.
I finally downloaded and checked out Steam this week after all this time.
It's a nice little front-end program.
It kind of reminds me of X-Fire, but with game purchases available inside it.
And I actually thought about getting Portal just so I can have it on the computer
because I'm a sucker for that game as a lot of people are, what can I say?
So other cool stuff that's happening this week.
I believe Famitsu Magazine, I want to say they were leaked out.
I wouldn't really say leaked out, but they had Persona 4 covered in there.
I guess it was their exclusive with a bonus DVD with a bunch of screenshots and movies
and all sorts of stuff from the new game.
Apparently, Persona 4 is coming to Japan in July.
Interesting enough, it's actually coming out on the PlayStation 2 and not the PS3.
So that's pretty cool.
And it looks, to me, I think it looks a hundred times better than Persona 3.
So I'm sure a lot of people will be very happy about that.
No word of what's coming over to the U.S.,
but seeing as they've brought over Persona 3 and Persona 3 FES,
it makes perfect sense that they would actually bring it over.
Absolutely, and with Persona 3 getting the cult-ish style acclaim that it has over here,
I mean, Persona 3, definitely those that have played it have really enjoyed the game,
and I keep getting people telling me that I should play that game lots.
I'm just surprised though, because the screenshots I saw, or at least the pictures,
I think a lot of that was from the full motion video in there, which is all anime.
But it looked to me almost like a PlayStation 3 game,
but I guess it's PlayStation 2, which is, hey, awesome.
That is pretty interesting that they're packing all that in a PlayStation 2 game,
you know what I mean?
That they're still cranking them out for the quote-unquote old system,
but, you know, I guess still tons and tons of PS2s out there,
it's still one of the better selling game systems, eh?
Yeah.
Why not?
I guess it makes sense.
Well, another game that folks are looking forward to,
not just on the PlayStation 3, but on the Xbox 360, is Street Fighter IV,
and it seems like little bits and pieces of Street Fighter IV news
come out every week to keep this game on the blog radar and on places like our show,
and it works brilliantly, because, you know,
there's some interesting news this week that has been announced,
and that is that it has some more in common with Street Fighter II.
This game is starting to sound more and more like just another like Street Fighter II port,
but just like completely new graphics and everything.
Really? Just like Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix.
Well, but yet, you know, it's got the whole, it's 3D-ish element,
and, you know, the whole new characters and all that,
so, you know, the fighter guy and the, what was her name, Crimson Viper, whatever her name was,
so there's some, I think it'll be very cool,
but the news that was announced this week is that not only are there some small,
you know, cosmetic changes in the game and da-da-da,
but that the old combos will work exactly the same way in the new game,
and that means the old combos from Street Fighter II.
So, and if you use, like, if you got, you know, a Guile combo down that you used to use in Street Fighter II,
apparently you can use them in Street Fighter IV as well.
Interesting.
Obviously, I'm assuming it doesn't end there, and you can, there's all sorts of new combos and things as well,
but kind of interesting that those folks that were, you know, experts at Street Fighter II will be a leg up already on Street Fighter IV.
Awesome. All the more reason for me not to play this game. Why?
It was in the arcade.
Makes me long for, uh, Co-Co-Co-Combo Breaker.
Dude, I love Killer
But that's just, have you ever played against, though, one of those people who are just, like, the combo people?
It's painful.
You know, strangely enough, not so much in Street Fighter II, but in Mortal Kombat, I used to get those people all the time, and it used to piss me off.
I was one of those people on the beta version, though, just because I learned the Kitana's Infinite combo.
Which was funny, because people get mad. Anyway, speaking of pain...
I gotta say this real quick in chat, Rob D. says, uh, there's no way they could get away with skipping those combos.
This is nothing new. They never change mechanics that much.
True, but when you consider the age of Street Fighter II, you know what I mean?
It's kinda, kinda cool.
Can I get on with the pain?
You may. Bring on the pain.
Well, pain is gonna be on Playstation Network, at least for the PAL PSN, for 4.99 pounds.
Basically, it's a game where you throw stuff for points.
I can't really describe it much else than that.
Didn't you buy pain?
No.
I thought you did.
I have not bought anything. Well, other than Flow, I bought that on there.
But other than that, I have not bought a game on the PSN, because I do not like their payment method.
It's like jackass in the game.
I don't like using real money. I like points.
Sorry, Jamie.
Basically, the whole point of pain is that, you know, you're causing misfortune in people, and people grow up and laugh at them.
They get laughed at, so basically that's sort of what pain is about.
Anyway, to get back to the story, there are also additional packs that are 69 pence each,
and it will be the Scurvedog, Muffy, Santa, Hunglo, Ginger, Cookie, and Fun with Explosives packs.
The last one is supposed to be a freebie.
You know, but any game that combines Santa and Fun with Explosives, you think would be Instant Win, so I don't know.
If I had a band, it would be named Fun with Explosives.
Really?
But also, the store also has the Shranglehold pack for $9.99.
That's, again, in pounds.
That has multiplayer maps.
It actually should be the one that they got on Xbox Live.
You should see if that name is taken in Rock Band.
Fun with Explosives.
Well, if not, then I would be stealing the one from clerks that Dan came up with this morning.
What's that?
Making Fuck.
It's probably taken.
I wouldn't doubt it.
I think I have the name Emergency Kittens, but there's no one in the band, so whatever.
Anyhow, let's move on to some release dates for other things coming out around the world in the regular stores, the big box stores.
Yes.
This week, we've got some pretty cool stuff coming out.
Of course, winding down a little bit until we get to Mario Kart and Grand Theft Auto.
But in the US, we've got Dark Sector coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Also this week, Viking Battle for Asgard, that's also coming out on both PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Just a little game here on the PSP, Final Fantasy VII Crisis Core.
That'll be coming out as well this week.
Probably one of the biggest releases on the PSP for a while at least.
Also this week, we've got Opuna on the Wii, that's that Koei RPG that you can actually control the entire game with the nunchuck only.
I'm actually very curious to check out Opuna.
I definitely want to check out that game.
There's a little budget puzzle game called Octomania, $19.99 for this game, and you can play it online with other people.
So that's not bad at all.
Also this week, Naruto the Ultimate Ninja 3 on PlayStation 2.
Obscure the Aftermath on PlayStation 2 and the Wii.
Let's see here, a really crappy game called Backyard Baseball 2009 for the DS.
I don't know what number release this is this year, but one of the billion releases for Harvest Moon this year with Harvest Moon DS Cute.
That's going to be coming out on the DS.
Ninja Gaiden Dragon Sword also on the DS.
That'll be fun too.
Does Ninja Gaiden still have the epic cinema scenes like the old school games have?
I'm not sure.
God, I hope so on the DS.
But the whole game is controlled with the stylus, so that's pretty cool.
And let's see here, we've also got some more crap here.
I guess, oh, this is also coming out on the 31st.
Monokhemia Alchemist of Alrivis, and that is a new RPG by Koei as well.
And that's pretty much it.
Yeah, for right now.
And I know next week there's absolutely shit coming out, so enjoy it while you laugh.
Alrighty, well let's travel to Japan and check out some of the releases that will be coming out in Japan very soon.
On the Xbox 360, you get Dark Sector comes out, as well as Raiden Fighters Aces and Tomb Raider Anniversary all come out in Japan on the Xbox 360 this week.
Also, a DVD lens cleaner, if you needed one of those for your Xbox 360.
On the PlayStation 3, also a DVD lens cleaner.
Imagine that.
Hori's cranking out the DVD cleaning.
I guess folks are getting their PlayStations and Xboxes dirty over there.
Also, Lego Star Wars The Complete Saga, and after all this time, Japan, I know you've really been waiting for this on PlayStation 3,
The Golden Compass finally gets its port on the PlayStation 3 over in Japan, or as they call it, Lira Nobuken.
That's the name of it.
Coming out on other systems on the Nintendo Wii, Lego Star Wars The Complete Saga also on the Nintendo Wii.
Ninja Reflex Nitro Bike makes its way out of there.
Here's a spoiler for Japan, Nitro Bike sucks.
And how do you know that?
Because I played it, and it sucks.
What sucks about it?
You can't say a game sucks without telling us what sucks about it.
The game sucks, the graphics are horrible, the polygons and textures are low-res, the game controls like crap,
and it's trying to be Excite Truck, except it's nowhere near Excite Truck.
I got it for Nelly because I thought, hey, this looks like an Excite Truck.
It's got rockets and everything, and it's created by the people at the Excite Bike 64.
What could be bad about it?
Well, apparently a lot, so that's why it sucks.
GS68, by the way, refers to one of the earlier titles we mentioned in the chat.
He says, Golden Cump Ass, get it?
Golden Cump Ass.
PlayStation 2 sees Guilty Gear XX Accent Core Plus comes out,
as well as Neo Angelique Full Voice in a premium box and a super premium box,
as well as the original comes out.
Silent Hill Origins makes its way to some Asian regions this week,
but Korea's the only one we see mentioned, so be sure to check.
It might be a little bit longer before it makes its way to Japan.
Nobunaga no Yabu Online comes out in Japan this week as well.
Lots of fun stuff.
Let's see real quickly what's coming out on the handheld systems.
On the Nintendo DS, we have Business Ryokukente DS comes out.
Katakushi Hitman Reborn, Bongoshiki Taisen Battle Sugoruku comes out.
Baseball game.
I like that it says Hitman Reborn in it in the middle of it, though.
Kind of makes me think of a different type of game.
Maybe it's baseball with Hitman. That would be fun.
No.
They need Battlefield Baseball. That would be pretty awesome.
Let's see, Simple DS series gets volume 35, the Genshin this week.
Lost in Blue 2 gets a price reduction, and Mobile Suit Gundam 00 comes out.
Mina de Flash Anzen DS, Mina no Atsumare Quiz Party comes out,
and wait for it, the Golden Compass on Nintendo DS.
PSP, check in real quick to see if anything's coming out of note there.
Monster Hunter Portable 2nd G, that might be kind of cool,
as well as Tomb Raider Anniversary comes out on the Sony PSP.
That's it for Japan.
That's all.
Okay, well, I have for our UK listeners another set of release dates.
We have on the 27th, the Gran Turismo 5 Prologue.
You've heard us talk about this, so don't worry about it.
The Golden Horde on PC.
On the 28th, we have Coded Arms Contagion, Football Manager 2008,
God of War Chains of Olympus, King of Clubs,
Naruto Clash of Ninja Revolution,
Powershot Pinball Constructor, which sounds pretty fun, that's on DS,
Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 on Wii, Sega Bass Fishing,
Universe at War Earth Assault, Viking Battle for Asgard,
Warriors of the Lost Empire, Warriors Orochi on PC and PSP,
and Worms Space Oddity.
That would be it.
Coming out here not very soon, but soon enough,
in June, Activision actually announced that they will be bringing
Guitar Hero on tour to the Nintendo DS.
Now, you may be wondering, how the hell are they going to do that?
Well, there's actually a brand new peripheral that they're releasing along with it,
called the Guitar Grip.
It has four fret buttons and a wonderful little hand strap to put your hand through.
So, you use that just like you would, you know, the fret buttons on an actual guitar,
and then you strum on the touchscreen with a stylus,
or actually a pick stylus that comes with the game to do that kind of stuff.
And, of course, you know, plays just like Guitar Hero.
It's supposed to have 20 songs, or more than 20 songs in the game,
and 80% of the songs will be original master recordings.
So, that's pretty cool.
If my memory serves me right, it's $49.99, comes out June 22nd.
Oh, just in time for my birthday!
By the way, they've wasted no time in whoring this game to the masses.
I don't know if you guys ever visit yahoo.com, like just, you know, out of the blue,
but it's one of the pages I'll go to, you know, for, like, news and search and stuff.
And there's a little flash ad that pops right up there.
It's already whoring the Guitar Hero on tour.
Oh, yeah.
They're wasting no time.
And I would recommend pre-ordering this if you're really interested in it,
because, like most other Activision games that include peripherals,
especially brand new peripherals that they're breaking ground on,
this thing will be hard to find.
Frisbee asks, is anyone honestly going to buy this crap?
I actually have mine pre-ordered already.
I'm considering it.
But I'm not going to probably play it, because that's what I do.
It looks interesting.
I'm interested enough where I at least want to play it.
I don't know if I want to drop, what, you said $49.95?
$49.99.
I don't know if I want to drop $50 on it, especially if it's only 20 songs.
But I'm interested in, like, checking it out.
I don't know. I think it's neat.
I don't think it would be that difficult if it's only four buttons
if I can already play five button mode on the, uh...
Dude, Konami really missed out, man.
They could have done Guitar Freeze with three buttons.
Mm, I've been saying that for a long time. Just saying.
All right.
Well, I'm interested. Actually, I'm interested.
Let me ask chat.
How many folks in chat are interested in picking this game up,
Guitar Hero on tour?
Quick, quick poll of chat,
because I imagine most of you that own DSes or, you know,
or if you don't own a DS, imagine you did.
Would you pick up this game?
And Frisbee says, please just smack yourself.
Elite Beat Agents.
Okay, thanks.
Oh, I feel so sorry for Elite Beat Agents.
I was in Fry's the other day, and that game's, like, on clearance.
Yeah.
Tons and tons of copies.
You can't buy it anymore, actually. It's kind of sad.
So sad. That game is awesome.
But, you know, hey, and here's the thing,
and I don't know if you should start getting worried about this or not,
but they're really whoring Guitar Hero out.
I mean, Activision, I don't know if they're going to drive it into the ground or what,
but, I mean, we've got, actually, literally a week after this,
Guitar Hero Aerosmith coming out.
Then you've got Guitar Hero 4,
and who knows how many other shit, you know,
games that they're going to throw in the middle there.
They're really whoring that franchise out,
and, I mean, and people are kind of really buying into it, unfortunately.
Alright, let's look at our instant poll results in Chat Room.
I'm not going to read the nickname since that'll take me too long,
but really quickly, here's some of the comments.
Question was, are you going to buy Guitar Hero on Tour DS?
I'm not. Zero percent. No. No. Not me.
Just get a PSP and DJ Max.
Depends on the song list. Maybe.
Only for the peripheral to make it easier to play Puzzle League.
Strap for the win.
If the game has songs I like, I might download, I mean, pick it up.
I may get it if they guarantee cheap expansion pack song cards minus peripheral.
Never ever ever ever.
I will purchase Guitar Hero on Tour after I'm done burning $100 bills.
No. Nope. You'd look like a damn fool playing it.
No. No. Not ripped off.
And, Con.
There's your instant poll results.
Well, I was just thinking, I mean, this is a good game for kids,
especially when you're taking them on the road and stuff.
They can play their Guitar Hero with headphones on in the car
and not bug Mommy and Daddy while they're driving to Grandma's house.
Yeah, I think, again, the soccer moms are going to make or break this game.
Really, I think is what it's going to be.
I think you're absolutely right.
It's a great game to just give to your kids.
Give your kids some headphones in the game,
and look, you can play Guitar Hero in the car. Have fun.
Shut up.
Really, the only reason I'm buying it is so we can show it on the show.
That's pretty much the only reason.
Oh, don't waste your money.
Well, hey, just because I ordered it doesn't mean I'm going to actually buy it, okay?
Because I don't have to.
I just put it on order to kind of hold my spot.
RosteelUT says,
Loki, you're high. They'll bug Mommy even more with this game by singing along.
No, maybe my wife would do that, but, you know.
Just don't put songs with words in them. There you go.
All right.
It's your mental only.
Let's go into more lawsuit news from Gibson.
We already kind of talked about this last week,
but if you can believe it, even more lawsuits coming out from Gibson.
You remember Gibson sued Activision.
They sued Harmonix last week, all over the fact that Gibson says
they have had a patent for electronic guitars for quite some time.
And get this, this week, now they've sued GameStop, Walmart, Target, Kmart, Amazon, Toys R Us,
all these major retailers that sell Guitar Hero games,
seeking basically to stop the sale of the games.
Did you see they also sued EA, even though EA doesn't make Guitar Hero at all?
It's crazy, yeah.
I was going to say, in the next piece here, they sued Harmonix, Viacom, and EA now as well.
Just because, I guess, they want to sue as many people as possible.
I don't understand this. This makes no sense at all.
I don't know. They're looking for money.
But why would you sue the retailers to get them to try to stop selling the game?
Because they're trying to make a big stink.
They're trying to make a big stink and seeing who will give them money.
Loki says the EA suit is over Rock Band.
I don't know if it's over Rock Band, because they mention Guitar Hero in the lawsuit.
It's not Rock Band.
Is it because now Harmonix is a part of...
Oh no, I guess it was just an agreement. I don't know.
That just sucks. Let's sue everything.
I like that comment from Gerardimo in chat.
Well, you've got to wonder, is this Gibson thing legitimate or not?
There's actually an analyst out there.
Of course, we love analysts.
This is actually a legal analyst working for Wedbush Morgan.
He's an analyst.
He says this about the lawsuits.
Michael Pastors' name.
This is a poorly masked attempt to extort money.
They are using any way they can to have Activision write them a check.
Seriously, this is the third game.
Well, the third major release of the game that's been out so far.
I think at one time they had Gibson guitars in the game, I want to say.
I don't know. I may be wrong.
How could they not be aware that they're violating the patent?
I mean, oh, wait a second.
This is a guitar game? How retarded are they?
I would say the fact that the Gibson guitars were in the game should negate the whole damn thing,
because they've known this that long, and they made that agreement.
Now they're absolutely after burning themselves.
And if we want to really draw straws,
they weren't the first ones to come up with the whole guitar game thing anyways.
It was Konami, and if I remember correctly,
I thought Activision was licensing the rights to use that from Konami,
and not Gibson.
They're just...
All I gotta say is the next fucking guitar games you guys put out,
just forget about Gibson.
There's plenty of other guitar manufacturers out there you can license guitars for.
Well, anyhow, this news I know makes me angsty every time I hear about this,
and I'm sure you guys feel the same way.
So you know it's time to bring on the FUs of the week.
...
Well, I guess Fly 365 goes without saying,
so I'm not gonna really go too much in depth on that.
But FU2 having way too many people in the house
when I had a doffy to work on,
I suddenly got her blushed,
and I haven't finished with the rest of the face.
FU2 basically being kind of middle income,
because we make too much money to be able to afford some of these low-income,
first-time buyer loan programs,
but we don't make enough to really afford a decent house.
So people who actually make less than us can afford a nicer house.
I don't know. That fucking sucks.
FU2 Live 365 goes without saying.
In fact, I think when this show comes back in a non-Live 365 place,
we should actually probably rename this segment to the Live 365 Memorial FUs of the Week.
That might be fun.
Also, I want to give an FU2 the CAT scan I had on Thursday.
It was so miserable.
Look, I still have a bruise from where they gave me the little shot thingy,
or the iodine thing.
I was so miserable.
I reacted so bad to it.
Yeah, I had to have a CAT scan,
because I'm still having those pains that I've been having,
and they're not going away, which sucks.
And I don't get the results back till Monday,
so FU2 waiting.
That sucks.
It does suck.
I'll tell you what, though.
This is the best diet I've ever been on.
I'll eat a couple things, and I get extremely full.
It's like I had gastric bypass or something,
without having to pay for it.
It's great.
All right, that does it for the FUs of the Week.
Let's get back to some gaming news.
Wow, we have almost a whole segment of music game news, don't we, Jamie?
Yeah, how's that?
Right before they're screwing us over.
Anyway, MTV has said that they've sold more than 6 million, I think,
songs in Rock Band as downloadable content.
So now Harmonics is bringing in the Rock Band music store
for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360,
so that you can actually download your songs in-game without leaving the game.
And so you can sort them by artist, genre, album, title, pack, and other ways, too.
There's album art.
You can listen to song previews and difficulty levels.
And the patch is actually supposed to be out this week.
Or maybe it's already out.
Yeah, the patch is already out.
Didn't you say that you...
I did, and it's lots of fun.
Sorry, I just... he's eating toast.
I know.
I give that F.U. to not being able to eat, and then I'm eating.
Excuse me, sorry.
So yeah, I did download the music store,
and it's actually kind of cool because you get the little album art,
and then you can download the song previews now.
So if you're not sure exactly what a song is,
I think I've heard that song, but I'm not sure.
You can download the little song previews, and it stays on there.
So when you're scrolling in the list in the future, you can kind of hear it,
like it was DDR or something.
Especially the music store kind of looks like a DDR selection screen to me.
I don't know.
I like the fact that you can actually preview the songs,
something that I thought should have been on there in the first place
instead of having to buy these songs blindly
unless you have a YouTube link where you can watch the video
or listen to the song.
I think that's smart.
I think the whole thing was smart because I realized there were songs in there
I wanted that I didn't realize I didn't have.
Yeah, because it's hard sometimes,
especially when you recognize a song on the radio by the song,
not necessarily by the title,
or you might not even know who the artist is.
You just recognize the song.
Press Start in Chat agrees with us.
The previews in Rock Band are evil.
I downloaded like three more songs because of them.
There you have it.
Well, there was a little bit more that I saw about them trying to add more features
that were based off of requests by the community, so that's pretty cool.
It's supposed to be new content every week through 2008, so that's pretty cool.
That's, of course, only in the U.S. right now.
That's pretty cool.
You know what I'm surprised they don't have yet is vision camera support
or camera support to basically film yourself doing your little rock concert shit
in front of your TV or whatever with your friends
and then posting it like a YouTube thing
with some sort of contest maybe lumped in with that,
although at the same time I'm kind of glad they don't have that
because that would be a motivation for some other people
to try to get me to do things I don't want to do.
Let's see here.
This week we've got a new download pack coming to Rock Band.
It's actually six songs from Boston and quite a few that you'll probably like here,
including, let's see here,
Hitch a Ride, More Than a Feelin',
Peace of Mind, Rock and Roll Band, Smokin' and Something About You.
So that's pretty cool.
And you can buy that in a pack for 800 Microsoft points or $10
or individually for 160 Microsoft points or $1.99 each.
So you save $2 if you buy it all.
Whatever happened to you getting that Rock Band stage kit?
When is it not out yet?
When does that come out?
June.
June?
Yeah.
We're going to have to wait that long to rock
and we won't even be able to do it on Live 365?
That sucks.
Is that right?
It's one of those things that we need to have a camera for
so we can see the entire garage being filled with smoke.
Here's a little clip of Boston if you actually need a reminder.
It's the same song that's in Guitar Hero.
And I think it's also in Cariote Revolution.
Boston is great.
Boston is pretty awesome.
I'm telling you though, I want my Queen pack, my Journey pack.
Where's my Journey pack?
I need me some Queen because that'd be awesome.
The Queen pack would be epic.
And also, you know what else we need?
We need some really kick-ass hardcore industrial stuff.
Get some bands that aren't around anymore, like Gravity Kills.
That should be awesome.
How about Tracy Lords?
That'd be awesome too.
I love Tracy Lords.
She apparently sucks live.
I'm sure she does.
She sucks on tape too.
She was funny in Crusty Baby.
Oh yeah, I love Tracy Lords as an actress.
Good stuff, wasn't she?
Well yes, she was on the NBC show.
Was it The Pretenders for the longest time?
I thought you were talking about it before.
No, I'm not that type of actress.
Although, sure, people everywhere can appreciate her fine work there.
Something else you folks can appreciate is Free Stuff.
Who doesn't like Free Stuff?
We don't if it's Yaris.
Well, this isn't Yaris.
It's actually on the Nintendo Wii.
It's sort of a, we're sorry, please forgive us type of thing.
Remember how the whole Wii Guitar Hero 3 on the Nintendo Wii only had the mono sound in it?
And they have to do all these replacement discs for the stereo sound now?
Well, you're also going to be getting a Guitar Hero face plate.
A free Guitar Hero face plate.
It's actually kind of neat looking.
It looks like fire a little bit.
It's red and yellow and black and it looks like a phoenix kind of rising up from this fire-ish looking thing.
So, it's kind of cool.
And it's small black leather and it says, please don't sue us.
Please don't sue us.
Please no class action laws here.
By accepting this face plate, you agree not to do a class action law show?
I don't know, Jamie, don't you think that looks kind of cool?
It looks better than the guitar I have in the living room.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Listen, I hate how the Wii mote goes in the guitar like that.
It's so weird.
But I guess it makes sense and probably makes things cost less.
But anyway, free face plate for those of you that are going to be getting the replacement discs for Guitar Hero on the Wii.
I understand. It hijacks Wi-Fi like a college student in an apartment complex.
Can we please move on with the gaming news at this time?
Sure, why not?
At least, you know, I would be more than happy to if my computer would decide that it would let me pull up the stupid file.
Sorry.
There we go.
Got none at the time?
It's all you.
Anyway, especially know that there's quite a few really hardcore fans out there who are probably listening.
I can think of one in particular.
They're actually saying that there may be another version, another song pack for Guitar Hero that would be all Beatles stuff.
And that's pretty cool, although I've been corrected as far as information in the article that their catalog cannot be distributed on iTunes because of a lawsuit going on between Apple and Apple Corp.
So I'm not going to go into all that.
Read Wikipedia.
But they said that they're trying to work about bringing a few songs out for a particular song pack, so I think that would be kind of cool.
Don't they have to get the rights back from Michael Jackson, or did he sell that stuff when he started becoming poor?
I'm not the expert.
Well, another bad idea sounds like something coming from Ubisoft with their brand new title in their Imagine series. Imagine, people actually buy this shit.
Imagine Rockstar.
It is absolutely in no way a ripoff of Rockband, I'm sure.
And it kind of revolves around fashion and stuff.
The Imagine series is meant for girls aged 6 to 14, or in the case of Jamie, she likes Imagine Babies.
And it will allow little girls, I guess, to be able to play drums, guitar, bass, and piano with each other via Wi-Fi.
And each instrument has its own unique control using the DS stylus, and players will be able to customize the look of each bandmate and create the most stylish rockers.
Only girls can play? That's not fair.
Fine, you too can play.
Yay!
And they work their way up the charts to become the number one recording band.
How is that different from Rockband?
Don't you get to dress your characters in Rockband?
You have to understand, this is shitty Rockband, not so crappy.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
But if that's not for you, there's also, of course, the rest of the Imagine series, including Imagine Figure Skater, Imagine Fashion Designer, Imagine Animal Doctor, Imagine Master Chef, and Imagine Babies.
Imagine Master Chef.
Yeah, it's funny, if you read the Master Chef really fast, it's almost like Imagine Master Chief, and that's like, hey, wait a second.
I wonder if we could get the Imagine people on the show.
I mean, why not?
Let's hear them, I don't want to say defend themselves, but let's hear about their contributions to the gaming scene.
I make fun of them because it's not my demographic, but you know what, there is a problem with a lot of games not being focused towards girls, and so they are kind of working that market.
Same with UFO Interactive, they make a lot of these, was it Smart Boys Game Room, Smart Girls Dream House type thing like that, it's games that are aimed at kids that are three years old, like really get you hooked young.
Start them young.
Exactly, so it's nice that they're aiming for this demographic, obviously though it's easy fodder for us in the press to just kind of make fun of it because we don't understand it, and it's different.
Back in my day, we had Mario is Missing, and we liked it.
Mario is Missing was great, and besides that, I personally, for some of these, I don't really feel like perpetuating any type of stereotypical behavior or traditional roles, I think that it's up to...
It's just like when Nintendo tried Super Princess Peach, and that flopped, and so they said, fuck it, boys will play games, girls will do nothing.
I play games...
I like Super Princess Peach, screw you.
I like shooting things in games, it's like...
You will play your Kirby and your Peach games and you will like them, that's it.
No...
And now the chat room is just going off with all these different imagined things, but Amaze Hetsuma, I like this one, says, imagine these games in a landfill next to E.T.
I like violent games.
Frisbee says, Peach is awesome in Brawl, that's actually true, like the two characters I use most are Pit and Peach.
I don't like the fruit fruit games.
It's like the Peach Pit.
Get it? What?
I don't like fruit fruit games, why do you think I have to play fruit fruit games?
Cause it's funny.
I want Explosive Portal.
That's the joke.
No it's not.
Do you like Final Fantasy Tactics?
No.
Well then this is not for you, Final Fantasy Tactics A2 is coming out on the Nintendo DS, and there are some folks that are big fans of Final Fantasy Tactics.
I like Final Fantasy Tactics, like the old one on the Playstation 1, I kind of lost the series since then, but this is definitely worth checking out as Final Fantasy Tactics A2, and it will be coming out June 24th is when this game is coming out.
Apparently this game has to do with the Ivalice Alliance, it's related a little more to the Final Fantasy XII series.
A little bit I guess.
Check that out loosely.
Another way to whore that series even more.
Stop whoring your Final Fantasy series.
Final Fantasy XII was a good game.
Make one game, move to the next number.
You do not need to expand upon this series in tax-dick games.
And besides, I mean, I don't know, Revenant Wings, did you play much of that?
Not really.
Yeah, okay.
Cool, you can be the killer tomato in this game, or at least I think you fight the killer tomato, that's kind of cool.
This game actually looks kind of rad.
I still need to beat Final Fantasy XII, though, and that other Final Fantasy game you bought me on DS, Loki.
Looks like fun.
I'm sure we'll be hearing from our listeners on this game.
Well, we hear from them about everything else.
I mean, hi!
No, we know Codemasters, right?
We're familiar with them.
Sure.
Codemasters Online Gaming basically said that they want to do two MMOs for home consoles.
They were saying that they've had a little bit of success already in the market,
and so they're looking to bring stuff out for PlayStation 3.
This is one of the ones listed, and they're saying that now is the right time to hop on it.
So there's not anything specific yet, but they said that they're really going to gear it for the consoles.
So I personally don't think MMOs work very well on consoles unless it's like, you know, PSO.
Here's what I'm hoping, and I know that they don't make this game, at least not Codemasters.
APB, that game that's coming out that's just like Saints Row, but it's an MMO.
I hope to God that I don't have to pay month to month for that thing, because I really want to play it, like badly.
Well, most MMOs you do have to pay month to month for.
Yeah, but Guild Wars is out, and they really need to follow that line of thought there.
Everybody, look at Guild Wars. Look at it.
And there's a lot of games out there that are free to play, and you know, you buy download content.
That's what they should do, just give out free games, and then I'll pay for download content later on.
Like Second Life?
No, Second Life is stupid. That's like if I wanted to go pick up virtual horror.
It is free, and you get what you pay for.
And you pay for your downloadable content.
Yes, but that's a game where you...
You just described Second Life.
Okay, but Second Life is a bad example, because that game sucks.
And it's not really a game, it's just an addiction. It's like the MySpace of MMOs, okay?
But it does specifically do what you were suggesting.
Okay, it does, but it sucks at it.
So, what I'm trying to say though, there's like other games out there that are also free to play,
and most of them are Korean, because apparently they understand how to make a good MMO.
Or apparently Malaysian, like one of my friends is on...
Yeah, go figure. Malaysia, you know, where a lot of piracy used to come out of,
and yet they're making good games that are free.
I don't know. That's kind of weird.
But I digress, so...
There's kind of a little bit of a different topic here,
but once again, and we haven't heard about this in a while,
Massachusetts now is considering the whole games as porn bill.
Apparently it's House Bill 1423, being dubbed of course as the games as porn bill,
would use the rationale to prevent minors from buying violent games,
because they're treating it the same as porn.
I don't understand this, because porn is way better than games.
Exactly.
Come on.
And the bill was drafted by Boston Mayor Thomas Menino,
which if he's up for re-election, remember that when you're voting.
And with the assistance from, of course,
well this right here is why the bill is bad in the first place,
Voldemort was the inspiration on that bill.
And of course, legislative sponsor,
Republican Linda, or I'm sorry,
Representative Linda Dorsina Forey,
who happens to be a Democrat.
And of course, this thing,
much like all the other ones in the past,
will fail because it's not constitutional.
But at the same time,
what do we got to do to stop these people from wasting our tax dollars
on these bills that they know they're going to fail?
You know, it's like the fucking...
Is it so that when they re-run for office,
they can say like, hey, I took a stand against this.
Yeah, it's really...
Video games are poisoning your children,
and I take a stand against this.
My name is Rob, and I approve this message.
Well, great.
So it's really for their own personal gain,
and it's still wasting taxpayers' money.
All the more reason you should hate it.
I don't know.
Do our children really need to be protected from games?
I mean, do we really need the government to step in
to tell our children what's okay to play?
I mean, are we that retarded?
I know some people are that retarded,
but I would like to think that, you know,
most of us are not that retarded.
Because if we're all that retarded,
then who the hell are we going to elect in as president?
Hey, I promise you shiny things.
Okay, you got my vote.
I don't know.
Alrighty.
Well, we'll see...
I'm sure we'll hear about this game later when it fails.
Meanwhile...
Or the bill, not the game.
Meanwhile, we're going to get to the end of part A of our show here,
but not before we pay a little respect to our elders in this segment.
We always do every single week here on the program.
It's Dark Sockra's classic video game of the week.
So Dark Sockra, you've dug through the archives,
you've verified this pick is not a duplicate per the wiki.
What classic game should the kids be checking out this week?
Jackal!
Jackal is a great game because you drive tanks and blow up shit.
Best game ever.
And yes, I'm talking about the Nintendo version specifically.
This is when the music is cool.
How is that?
I used to play this game.
It's like Akari Warriors, but you're in a jeep.
Yeah, this is the game that makes me think of that line from Hot Shots.
War is fantastic.
But no, which I don't really believe.
But anyway, I love Jackal just because...
Okay, I actually have memories of this game before my papa, who is my dad's dad.
Before he died, we would actually sit in front of the big screen TV.
And we're talking like, you know, early 90's style big screen.
So this was a big deal.
Playing the Nintendo and playing Jackal with papa, that was great.
But the game actually, it was an arcade released in Japan.
It was called Tokusho Butai Jackaru, which would be Jackal.
Special Forces Unit Jackal, which was released in the US as Top Gunner.
Basically, the whole point of the game is you go through and you can run over...
Well, I like to run them over, but you can shoot down enemy soldiers wandering around.
And you rescue POWs and you have to actually take them to the extraction point where a helicopter will run off with them.
And then you fight like whatever your boss is at the end of the level.
But again, it came out over here in the arcade as Top Gunner, but it did come out as Jackal on the Nintendo.
Also though, for anyone who happened to be one of those few people who has a Famicom Disk System,
it was brought out as Final Commando Akaiyousai, which basically is Final Command The Red Fortress.
The game is just really fun. On top of that, when you play two player, it does force you to cooperate.
Because it gets to a point where if one person is going one way, it won't let your other person advance.
And sometimes one person can draw fire while the other person goes in and does something else.
It's really a unique one for the whole Run and Gun series.
You can actually blow up different areas in the game where there's hidden stuff.
You can get extra power-ups, you can get rocket launchers, or you can get...
I actually preferred to keep the grenades because the grenades would go over a wall, whereas rockets just sort of explode on the wall.
It was really cool.
I like how you pick up the little dudes. I didn't play this game a whole lot. I think I remember playing it once and I just wasn't that into it when I was younger.
But I like how you pick up the little dudes in the houses and drop them off at the plane. It's like a rescue mission thing. It's cool.
You can, though, keep upgrading your missiles to where you get your missile launcher, you get one with a higher range, you get one that produces shrapnel, and an area damage missile that shoots out from left and right.
I still preferred the grenades because they went over the walls.
You can also control which direction you fire in, which was pretty cool. You can turn and fire forward in a different way.
I mean, it's like a tank. So, it was really cool. It's one of my favorite ever games. On top of that, I actually have really good memories of the game, so it was kind of cool.
And also, there was a bootleg version of Top Gunner that would let you use the Ikari Warriors-style control. That was pretty cool.
It had a version on the IBM PC in 1988, like I said, the Famicom Disk System, and I wouldn't mind seeing a sequel.
Or the inevitable Xbox Live Arcade port at some point, probably.
Could you imagine this Hi-Rez?
That would be pretty awesome.
Sweet.
All right, there it is, your classic game of the week, Jackal, in this case on the NES, but on a variety of systems, as DarkSakura pointed out. Check it out.
All right, and that's our cue to take a quick break, so that's exactly what we're going to do.
We're going to take a break, and we'll be back with more of Orange Lounge Radio right after this break.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights, and is podcasted to the world twice a week.
Tune to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
