Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and released to our podcast stream twice weekly.
To listen to the first half of this episode, visit www.orangeloungeradio.com
for links to websites with listings of past episodes.
Now the conclusion of this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Easter Sunday, March 23rd of 2008.
We are live here in the studio.
We had some unfortunate news a little earlier on.
If you haven't heard it yet, go back and listen to part A.
Big changes coming to OLR very soon.
And hopefully next week we'll have more information on that for you.
But in the meantime, the show goes on and it will go on as it always has.
And it will go on right now with Loki spreading the rumors.
Yes, and this rumor keeps coming back around.
Remember last week we talked a bit about Reggie teasing
that they're going to announce a major holiday blockbuster game
that will be coming, or the announcement will be coming at E3.
And of course, people are speculating on what the hell that is.
We thought maybe Animal Crossing.
However, some people over at IGN think it might be Kid Icarus because...
Hey, wait a minute. That was my Dark Horse pick.
Copiers? Plagiarists?
But according to the latest Nintendo voice chat podcast,
Matt Casamassina, and I guess the rest of their crew there,
were speculating that they thought it was Kid Icarus
because they know it's in the works.
How do they know it's in the works?
I don't fucking know, nor do I care.
To be honest, as much as I think Kid Icarus is pretty cool,
I don't think that's going to be a blockbuster game, you know what I mean?
Unless it has Mario and shit in it.
Unfortunately, the casual gamer out there,
I mean, like your mom and pops, probably we don't give a shit about Kid Icarus.
I don't know, I think you underestimate the fanboys.
I would say that it'd be cool if a Kid Icarus game came out.
I don't think it's the game he's talking about.
I think Animal Crossing is the game he's talking about,
but if there is a Kid Icarus game in the works,
I mean, they'll be pretty big, but...
I don't think it is the game that they're going to be announcing.
I think it could be a game they're announcing.
Yeah, a game, yes.
The game, no.
Well, then, Loki, consider this news, and we're going to come back and talk about this,
but I want to get out this news,
is that Super Smash Bros. Brawl shatters records everywhere.
1.4 million sold in the first week it's been out in the US.
That's crazy, 874,000 of those on the day it was released alone.
That makes it the fastest selling video game in Nintendo of America's history,
dating all the way back to the NES.
And, you know, no surprise, this game was going to be a big seller,
but this was a, like, really big seller.
The game is sold at a rate of more than 120 units per minute
between the day it launched, March 9th and March 16th.
So that is a huge selling game.
And RosteelUT, though, is the first to point out...
He's Debbie Downer UT right now.
He says, still slower than Halo 3.
Wah, wah.
But, I mean, it is kind of a good point.
It didn't sell quite as much as some of the guys on Xbox did,
but still a huge seller for Nintendo nonetheless.
Yeah.
And also you have to remember, too,
that they don't have as many units of the Wii right now as they do the 360.
They're still number two in the US.
But, I mean, not by much, so that doesn't really make a big difference.
Is it a big deal that it didn't meet up to those Halo 3-type numbers?
No, I don't think they were ever...
It made history for Nintendo,
so I think that they're more than pleased about it.
I don't think they really have to live up to being like Halo,
because you know what?
Fucking Grand Theft Auto's gonna outsell Halo anyways,
so who gives a shit about your fucking Halo numbers right now?
I mean, that's gonna get blown out of the water soon anyways.
So, I don't know.
And really, Halo 3, yeah, it sold a lot
because there was so much hype behind it and shit,
but was it really that great of a game?
All right, so going back to the story earlier about Kid Icarus,
would it be a game that people would recognize or not?
This is a huge game.
Pit is a character in the game.
It does a good job at kind of reminding you that Kid Icarus is out there,
what with the virtual console thing and the stages and the music.
You know, it's one of the first things you see in Subspace Emissary,
is the whole Pit coming to life thing.
True, but does that mean we're also gonna get like a Rob the Robot,
which I would totally buy that day.
I would totally buy that day one, absolutely.
Fuck yes, bring back Rob the Robot.
In fact, make my old one compatible with the Wii.
That would be cool,
because then mine would actually be good for something other than sitting on the shelf.
Yeah, I mean, like,
can Rob do anything besides spin things?
You know what they need to know?
You know what they need to do with Rob the Robot?
They need to make it like one of those fucking Robosapien things,
or like fucking Furbies where you can program the shit out of that.
Or the, uh, what, Ibo?
Ibo, yeah.
Just, like, something like that, just like really crazy, you know,
get people to buy that shit that wouldn't have a Wii or something like that,
and just go crazy with it.
But, I mean, I don't know about you guys, but like,
when I was playing Smash Brothers Brawl,
and I played that Subspace Emissary mode,
and I saw the Kid Icarus thing,
and with the music and him flying through the air, flying down to Earth,
and with the music playing, I'm like,
God damn, we need a Kid Icarus game now.
Like, that was initially the first thought in my mind,
and I think we might have even been broadcasting on Justin.TV,
uh, when, when I was doing that in the game,
and I, I seem to remember exclaiming,
God damn, we need a Kid Icarus game right now.
Like, a new one.
Maybe.
I hope so.
Uh, Tiger Claw says if they do the new Kid Icarus,
it's no doubt that they would also have to bring back the Eggplant Wizard.
Hell yes, the Eggplant Wizard was also a very memorable character.
Everybody knew him as the annoyingest little fucker in video gaming history.
One of the most annoying characters, seriously.
You know what's great, though, about being turned into an eggplant, though?
What?
Is it if you press down to where you can see his feet,
and then you slide across the floor as an eggplant?
Yes.
It's like, it's like, uh, Metal Gear Solid Eggplant.
It's great!
I know, I love that, too.
You just hope that nothing saw you.
And, and you can even hold it down and jump as an eggplant,
and that was great, too.
And you, and, and who knew that hospitals could cure the eggplant curse?
I know!
Although, you could also turn into an eggplant from watching too much TV.
This is true.
Well, anyhow, uh, huge numbers for Smash Bros. Brawl,
and I'm sure this game's just gonna continue to sell through Christmas,
so, uh, we'll see how it holds up throughout the year.
Well, in other news, dun dun dun.
Okay, well,
we know we were talking about how Namco was talking about, you know,
not too many people are, uh, playing their games.
Well, I should say Bandai Namco.
Um, but now they're talking about, well, actually, they'd also blamed it on the Wii, too,
which I think is kind of stupid.
But now they're talking about, um, bringing out games, um,
that will combine the arcade and Wii titles to where,
I guess they'll, they'll share scores or that they'll have some sort of interactivity,
but it would be for a data exchange between the different versions of the games.
And you know what I have to say about that?
Neo Geo.
And you know what I have to say about that?
F-Zero GX.
And you know what I have to say about that?
Nothing. I just wanted to join in.
No, seriously, though, I mean, they were part of the whole Triforce system that, you know,
I think that was only pretty much used for the F-Zero GX stuff,
but, uh, you know, it had cross, uh, platform stuff between, um, the arcade and the GameCube,
so let's do something similar with SD memory cards,
because those are widely available.
Fuck, what, two gig memory card for, uh, $9.99 at Fry's today.
That's pretty awesome.
Um, but anyways, they've got, you know, they could do that very simple and exchange data back and forth.
I think it's smart to make arcades like a gamer's hub,
and I know that kind of sounds like a big duh type of answer,
but I think it's smart to kind of make your arcade games somehow talk to the console games
and give gamers a reason to sort of convene in one place, in real life, outside,
you know, not having to use Xbox Live and rely on that type of stuff.
I think these kind of ideas are smart.
Can you imagine, like, a Smash Bros. arcade game or something like that,
like, done on a huge screen, you know, with four, uh, joysticks, you know, set up and stuff,
and then have, like, additional characters and all that stuff?
Or things that unlock based on what you do on the home version, and things like that.
Absolutely. That would be rad.
sj100matt in chat says,
Loki, one could dream.
I agree, one could dream.
So, we'll see what happens with this.
Another cool thing that probably will never come to fruition, but, you know,
at least with all the buzz that's going around about it,
but a fan of Metroid 2 is actually working on a remake of the game
that he's been working on right now for about three years now.
Metroid 2 Return of Samus.
Um, awesome looking thing.
He's using sprites from Metroid Zero Mission,
as well as the remake of the classic Game Boy game,
and some other sprites.
He's also hand-drawing from the ground-up, I guess, Metroid Fusion,
which is the other game he's using,
and using the program Game Maker 7,
the guy who goes by Dr. M64,
and totally awesome looking game so far.
They've actually got a, I guess, not really a beta or demo,
but a proof-of-concept demo, I guess, that you can download and play
straight off of a bunch of websites,
and if you're interested in checking it out,
it's metroid2remake.blogspot.com for the website.
And we have a little YouTube that TigerClaw sent us of this in action.
Neat, looks like Super Metroid.
I imagine that's not the sound in-game.
No, they actually do have an in-game...
I don't think this is it, though, is it?
No, that's the actual game, but that's not the...
Damn, the game looks good, though.
It looks like Super Metroid.
That's not a bad thing.
Nice wall jumping.
I approve. This looks good.
Yeah, I hope the project doesn't get shut down by players or something.
Oh, there you have it.
Mackman says, oh shit, I thought it was going to be a Rickroll.
No, I trust TigerClaw's links.
Some of you other people, I don't know so much.
I might get Rickrolled by you,
so don't think I'm not going to check.
Rickroll, you get blacklisted.
That's right, you Rickroll me, I ban you.
That shit was funny like three months ago.
It's a little old now, so please do not be Rickrolling.
Anyhow, Metroid 2, yes, I approve.
And I hope the project doesn't get Rickrolled by lawyers.
That would suck.
Just like, was it the 3D remake of Chrono Trigger?
That sucks.
Oh, that thing looked hot, too.
You remember seeing that that game looked hot.
They apparently are making the full version.
The people they're working on, they're going to make it for themselves,
but they can't release it because...
Oh, that shit will end up a bit torn so fast.
Well, they still could get in trouble, I think.
Yeah.
All right, anyhow, today is Easter,
and so I guess this news is going to be a little bit old
for some of our podcast listeners,
but this is just too cool.
Some people were seeing this earlier this week.
Nintendo Miis, as in the characters that you create on Wiis,
were being used to advertise Easter service at a San Francisco church.
Yes, that's right.
They used a little Mii that looks like Jesus
standing next to a bunny that looks a little grumpy,
and the little postcard says,
Come and Follow Mii, M-I-I.
And it was Easter Sunday, which was today at 11 a.m.
at the Mission Bay Community Church.
So, you know, just clever ways of advertising.
And, you know, I like churches that are hip and with it,
and I like churches that don't feel like
they're still living in the Old Testament.
Did you see the one that was the wedding invitation
that had the two Miis on there?
No, I don't think I saw that.
And then when you open it up, it says, Wife Get.
That's awesome.
That's awesome.
That sounds like something that Mel and Mel,
my buddies would be doing for their wedding.
Sounds like something they would do.
Nice.
That actually, yeah.
That is very cute.
I like cute, innovative ways of doing things.
All right, bless you.
Are you okay?
I'm allergic to...
Something here in the studio?
Are you allergic to me?
Are you allergic to Jesus?
That might be a problem.
Mildly.
All right.
Well, hopefully you're not allergic to mail
because this is the part of the show
where you're going to read some for us
as the listeners email us
at mailbag at orangesonsradio.com.
Did we get better participation this week than last week?
Well, we did get some interesting emails
and one of them is from our friend Rob Booktubes,
but he didn't provide the link to the article in the email,
so he's basically just talking about an article
about the outcome of the guy who,
I'm just going to read this from the start.
Here's a pretty good article on the outcome of that guy
who bludgeoned a baby to death for accidentally breaking the Xbox.
Some interesting stuff in that article.
One, the article does not imply
the guy was playing his Xbox at the time.
Two, the article does not specify
if the murder happened immediately after the Xbox broke
or when Spellman the convicted discovered it.
Three, social workers visited the house regularly
and four, the autopsy showed evidence of prior abuse.
It implies a pattern of abuse that shows the man
was a ticking time bomb.
As you said when the story probably came out,
it wasn't really about games at all.
So...
Exactly.
Pretty much, you know, it's no surprise
that the media, you know, hopped all over this
trying to make it a video game thing
when it really had nothing to do with that.
No surprise there.
But thanks for the update, nevertheless.
I'm not saying that at you.
I'm just saying that in general.
Like, here goes the media again.
Video games are evil.
Blah, blah, blah.
Big surprise.
Well, also, Nige linked me a story on CBBC
that is actually pretty cool.
It's more just pictures of a bunch of people.
A lot of people dressed up as Mario,
but also others dressed up as different characters.
Like, there's a giant Spyro here,
a very well-made costume,
just walking around that says
they're trying to break a record,
but I don't see...
They broke a record for the most cosplayers
in one spot, I guess,
or something like 80.
It was just 80 cosplayers.
What?
I think the average anime convention
could break that, like, in a heartbeat.
I think specifically, though,
that these are all video game characters.
Speaking of anime conventions,
I was told via a text message earlier this week,
I don't know if it actually ended up happening or not,
because I didn't get any text messages tonight,
but I'm being told that our show is right now
being played at Anime Boston.
So if that's true,
a big hello to you kids at Anime Boston.
And you know who sent me a text message,
so I know for a fact you guys are listening in there,
because I don't see anybody in chat or what have you.
But then again, my phone's in the house,
so maybe that's what happened.
Well, if you've got the mind, text me.
Yeah, there you go.
Well, that's pretty cool.
Hi, people.
And here's the thing.
What you need to do right now,
or not right now because you're listening to the show,
but as soon as the show's over,
all you bitches need to get your cosplay gear on
and get 81 of you together and shatter the record.
Do it.
Dude, I would participate in that one
if I had a finished costume right now.
Yeah, the record was for the largest gathering of game characters,
or games characters.
All right, so you guys have to dig through your luggage
and get your game ones specifically.
Just gather a whole crap load of Guilty Gear cosplayers.
You'll be happy and done.
And remember, would Naruto count?
Because technically they have Naruto games,
but Naruto is an anime character.
That's kind of a gray area.
In fact, a lot of anime characters are games in Japan, right?
I think it counts.
Next email.
All right, yes, next email.
And this is from GS68.
Hey, O.O.R. Crew, since Dark Sakura,
if I recall correctly, isn't going to fight on me this year,
will you still do a panel there?
It's one of the things I looked forward to last year.
If we are invited to, then yes.
I don't see why not.
Do we always submit?
I thought somebody submitted for us.
You always have to submit.
I submitted the last two years.
Are they accepting right now?
Yes.
Oh, I guess we have to submit then.
I don't know.
Loki, are we still going to do a panel?
Sure, I can try that.
Why not?
We'll bring a mannequin.
I'll let you take one of my doffies.
And put an angry face on it.
We'll say it's Chibi.
I'll make you a very small doffie to take with you.
Yeah, we'll still do a panel if they'll let us.
Why not?
Well, next email.
Hello, it's DJ Jinai again.
Thanks for reading my email last week.
I was surprised.
I knew about the Smile DK news for a good month.
As soon as it was okay to release the news to the public,
O.O.R. was the first place I went to tell.
A bit about me.
Yes, I'm an actual DJ and I live in Las Vegas.
Arcades are still alive here.
I usually mix anime and video game music.
But when it comes to DJ anime conventions,
I got my start as a DJ at Fanime Con 2002.
That's cool.
I'll be going to San Japan Con to meet with Smile DK.
I might faint when I meet them.
Hee hee.
Other conventions I'll be attending are
AntiJam in Fresno, California
and Anime Vegas Con in, wait for it, Las Vegas, Gasp.
So yes, I have a Wii and I will be waiting for Mario Kart Wii.
I'm surprised that they removed snaking.
Well, I'll find another new strategy to overcome that mwahaha.
I'm also surprised at how easy it is to find Brawl
and still no Wii consoles to be found.
I haven't eaten at Olive Garden yet.
I want to have my first Olive Garden experience with O.L.R.
I can only dream.
Bye, DJ Genai.
P.S. You pronounce my name right.
You win an internet and a Mudkip X3.
You know, ironically enough,
I might actually be going to Vegas in a couple months,
so it's on.
Olive Garden like what?
There's a good Olive Garden in town,
which I hope there's got to be in Las Vegas, right?
There's got to be.
There's got to be an Olive Garden.
No, there's no Olive Garden in Las Vegas.
That would suck.
Suck for Vegas.
So I'm like, I seem to recall I was in the middle of BFE Pennsylvania
and there was an Olive Garden there.
I wouldn't be surprised if there was the Olive Garden casino in the works.
DJ Genai is in chat and says, yes, there is an Olive Garden.
If I get three breadsticks,
does the machine spit out never-ending breadsticks?
And Sauce confirmed that there are a few.
Thank you.
And the reason I pronounced your name right is because I'm not Rob.
Rob Steele, shut up.
And Rob Steele UT has a good point.
He says, why would you go to Vegas and then go to Olive's shithouse?
That's actually a good point because Vegas has so many great restaurants.
Why the fuck would I go to Olive Garden?
I'll tell you where I would want to go.
Where?
I would want to go to the Rio and go to the seafood buffet,
the massive seafood buffet that I went to on the DDR Freak moderator trip
that ate a lot of my money.
I need to go back to Quark's Bar.
Get me a warp core breach.
I can do one of those myself.
I am so going to Vegas in a couple months.
I can't wait.
I want to go.
My 30th birthday.
I still have to get you your present, you know.
I know.
I already bought you your present.
Your birthday's not until next month.
I am.
Well, I love my present, but I have a special present for you
that falls in line with my present from my 30th.
Sweet.
I'll be looking forward to that.
I'll be looking forward to helping you with it.
All right.
No, we have more e-mails.
Yay.
If you are ready for said e-mail.
This is, hey guys, let's have tea here.
Cool, I'd like some tea.
Thank you.
Oh, wish I could be listening live tonight,
but I'm on a plane right now flying home,
so there's not really internet access on airplanes.
Anyhow, years back, Rob did a review on trace memory
for the Nintendo DS.
Trace memory is actually called another code
outside the US for any international listeners,
and he went off on how amazing the game is.
After I heard that episode, I went out and bought the game,
and I agree with his reaction to it.
It was an amazing game.
Recently, I found a game that was made by the same company.
Hotel Duskroom 215 uses DS in the same way that trace memory did,
but with a little more guidance to it.
Oftentimes, in trace memory, I'd get lost and confused,
but that rarely happened in Hotel Dusk.
The puzzles in Hotel Dusk are generally pretty neat
and are excellent ways to use the touch screen.
The game is so incredibly well written
that it feels like you're actually interacting with the other people in the hotel.
Excuse me.
And for those of you who have no clue what trace memory is,
it's a point-and-click adventure game that uses the DS hardware to the fullest.
The game is filled with all sorts of little puzzles that you have to solve,
and most of them are very well thought out.
There's even one puzzle where you have to shut the DS
just so that you can see the reflection from one side of the screen and the other
in order to understand a riddle.
At any rate, check out both of these games.
Very goodbyes.
Take care, and please don't forget to save the podcast feed.
I'll need something to listen to on the flight back.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. We got it taken care of now.
You know what's funny?
I've never played trace memory, so I don't know how I reviewed it on the show.
I have a feeling it was Miklotov that played it.
Yeah, it wasn't him.
I think it was Miklotov, not me.
And I've been advised that you need to go to Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville.
Ooh, Margaritas. I'm down with that.
Okay.
So, last email.
No!
I need tragic music for this.
Anyway.
What was the song in Beatmania 4th Mix that was the Gothi song?
I don't know.
Hey, OLR. Shout-on here.
I was going through some old episodes somewhere in the late 100s,
and noticed that Rob at one point brought up Feel the Magic and repeatedly griped about Sprung.
This got me thinking.
Have any of you ever been interested in the visual novel genre?
Not many visual novels have been brought over to the US,
the Ace Attorney series being among the most well-known one on American shores.
However, many more visual novels that are, in my opinion,
vastly superior to the Ace Attorney series are unlikely to be released outside of Japan,
even though it wouldn't be a big deal to edit them like with many other games.
So I guess the main question of this paragraph would be whether or not any of you,
mainly Jamie, have imported or pirated Japanese visual novels such as Fate,
Stay Night, Tsukihime, or Clannad,
two of which have been fairly popular anime based off of them.
I mean, FSN and Clannad, there was no Tsukihime anime.
Was that just fan art?
Actually, I did have one, and I actually heard of this one when the Sega CD was new,
and it was called Takaru.
I had remembered seeing that they were going to bring it out in the US,
but it never did on Sega CD, if I recall correctly.
However, I have a PC version of it that's fully translated.
I've definitely heard of Clannad before, but I haven't played it myself.
I've heard of the band.
Yeah, I hope I'm not getting confused with the band.
No, I'm pretty sure I'm not. I've heard of the game.
I think that's Enya's sister.
Anyway, there's a few of them that I've heard of,
and they sort of did something like that one for the Silent Hill comics too,
at least they tried to, but it didn't.
It was more just like, oh, we're going to have dramatic music with the comic book panels.
Okay, so that wasn't quite the same thing.
Anyway, moving forward.
Anyway, the next question involves an email you received last week
that concerned the length of arcade shooters like Gradius being too short.
I completely agree with Jamie that taking the time to get a high score or play through
on one credit in games like these gives bragging rights.
This is doubly true of much more difficult games like Japanese Danmaku
or bullet hell shooters like Ikaruga, Radiant Silver Gun, or Mushihime-sama.
So this leads to my next question.
Have any of you ever played any games from the popular PC Danmaku shooter series Toho?
The Toho game started on the PC-98 with a game called Highly Responsive to Prayers.
The game series features a perpetual protagonist named Reimu Hakurei,
a Miko who operates an unpopular and out-of-the-way shrine in the land called Gensokyo.
Toho's first appearance on Windows was the embodiment of Scarlet Devil,
so if it catches your interest, I would recommend starting with that.
The games are very popular for their music, art style, and curtains fire pattern
and sense of inner game character development.
The games are available for free download on doujinstyle.com,
and I would definitely advise anyone who still has fond memories of Radiant Silver Gun to check the series out.
Keep up your exemplary work, Charon.
I have not played those games, but due to that well-worded free plug, I just might.
I'm familiar with Toho's games, but if it was PC, I hardly played it, so I was more of a... I'd brought up Bongayo before. That was one of my favorites.
I mean, it was more of a recent one, but I like those kinds of games.
Actually, I really, really love Radiant Silver Gun.
Alright, well then this sounds like something you ought to check out, too.
Well, I was actually pretty thrilled that when, um, that had the aforementioned DDR Freak moderatorship.
We went to this place called, um, I want to say Game Land?
They've gone out of business since. This was probably in 2000... something?
I don't really remember when.
Um, but I found a Radiant Silver Gun arcade machine.
And played the hell out of it!
Everyone's like, ooh, Mambo a Go-Go! Let's go play that!
And I'm like, fuck no! I played that, and uh...
Mambo a Go-Go was kind of cool, though.
It is. But I was too busy on Radiant Silver Gun and Biohazard Gun Survivor 2.
Ah.
Alright, so that's it for the emails?
Yes.
Then you have to say, no more emails.
No more emails!
That's the best ever.
You said you wanted some type of sound effects.
That was really tragic. That's more humorous.
Alright, if you want to send us an email,
Mailbag at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place to send them.
Meanwhile, we get back into the news, don't we, Loki?
Yes, we do.
Um, so, hopefully you haven't bought this already,
because if you did, you just wasted some money,
but, um, Bungie is now going to be putting out the Halo 3 Legendary Map Pack.
I believe it was previously $10.
Um, and included three maps.
Out for free, starting at 2 AM this Tuesday.
So, that sucks.
But, um, hey, it's free.
And, um, you know what, though?
If you're still interested in spending some money on maps,
there are some more coming the next Map Pack,
which is going to include a Sign Winder remake,
or I guess a spiritual remake,
including other ones known as Ghost Town,
and one other mystery map, I guess.
That's going to be coming on the 15th of April.
Or if you're like me, you're like,
Halo 3 got new maps?
Yeah.
Like, I stopped playing Halo 3 months ago.
Now you can go download them,
and then you might as well wait until these maps become free as well,
because, you know.
Yeah, no, I only download them after they're free.
I don't need to pay for them.
And, like, I don't know.
I used to play Halo 2 with my college buddies a lot,
but we really haven't been playing Halo 3.
It's kind of sad.
Well, what was it?
They had a map that they released in the last Map Pack
that I want to say was empty,
and it was just this big empty warehouse that you could build stuff with.
Nice.
And it's like, you know,
but you can build all these cool things and forge with it.
It's like, thanks, but you really didn't do anything.
You just made an empty warehouse, you idiot.
So, I don't know.
All right, well, you can check that out soon.
One guy who might actually be back into checking this out
was the really depressed guy who had his Xbox 360 ruined by Microsoft.
Do you remember this?
He had his personalized 360.
It was white clean when he did the whole Red Ring of Death fix.
Remember that?
Yeah.
They cleared it all away.
PR Nightmare, this story ended up on blogs everywhere.
Well, guess what?
Apparently, a recent delivery has come from Microsoft back to the same guy.
It came with an Xbox 360, a handful of games,
and what you should definitely pay attention to is that this new Xbox 360
was signed by the entire Xbox team,
Bungie, which had also replacement artwork on it by Rooster Teeth Comics' Luke McKay,
and Bill Gates signed the front of it.
So, he got more than he had before.
Yeah, he got a care package from Bungie and also from Microsoft.
Way to kiss ass.
So, this will probably be the last time you ever hear about this story on the blogs,
and now everyone everywhere is screaming,
Microsoft, fuck up my 360.
I want a cool little care package like this.
Dude, the art's pretty cool on it.
Yeah, that's pretty rad.
Watch this guy just turn around and sell it on eBay.
That would be tragic.
That would be funny.
I want them to draw on my Xbox now.
Anyway.
They should have a service where you can send in your Xbox and get it drawn on.
I guess that is a little silly.
I would be happy to provide that service.
You pay me $200 and I will customize your Xbox 360 with a Sharpie.
Although I'm actually not joking.
Send me your faceplate and I'll customize it.
If that is a contest, we should get a blank faceplate.
They have blank faceplates, right?
We can customize it somehow.
We have some of the Ace Combat ones that we can paint over.
Okay, that'll work.
Well, you can just get a faceplate off of a core system or something,
and they're white.
Oh, there you go.
Or actually all the original faceplates are white.
That might be fun.
Something to do.
I have some extra ones.
All right, anyway.
Well, there's some information that's out now about Bionic Commando Re-Armed,
which is the 2D-style Bionic Commando that they're coming out with.
The title is supposed to be out in May,
and it will be on PlayStation Network and Xbox Live Arcade for $10, American.
And there will be a PC version, but they don't have a price on it yet.
But the Xbox Live version is going to actually be for 800 Microsoft points.
The PlayStation Network one is $10.
And that it will, for the PC version anyway, it will require Windows XP or Vista.
I'm so sorry.
At least 512 megabytes of RAM and 650 megabytes of hard drive space.
And it may or may not have unique content.
It may or may not.
Well, thank you for covering the full spectrum of possibilities.
This game may or may not be good.
I have more information.
The minimum specs on this is XP Service Pack 2 or Vista.
I have a Pentium 4 2 gigahertz or an AMD XP 2200.
512 megabytes of RAM, 650 megabytes of hard drive space.
128 megabyte DirectX 9C compatible card or NVIDIA GeForce 6600 or ATI equivalent.
DirectX 9 compatible sound card, internet connection, keyboard, mouse.
Their recommended ones are actually quite a bit better.
But, you know, honestly, why?
Okay.
I guess there's like, you can download minimum content
or you can have like the maximum content that's saying you want 2 gigs of hard drive space.
I think it's just the minimum requirements versus the maximum.
You can either install the entire game off the DVD
or you could just run it off the DVD and some of it on the hard drive.
Whatever.
So, it's kind of interesting though.
There's been some stuff leaked out from the German ratings board, the USK.
Of course, they had leaked out some stuff a while back
including the translation of Catan and Casarone to Xbox Live Arcade.
Well, now they have another board game turned Xbox Live Arcade.
Did you mean Carcassonne?
Carcassonne, whatever.
You said it like casserole.
Carcassonne.
Whatever.
I had to, sorry.
Yeah.
Okay, you finished?
I'm done.
I promise.
Anyways, one of the games that they had on there was Ticket to Ride
which, if you've played it, it's a train-themed game.
Also pretty fun.
Some other games that they've also were revealed on there.
Of course, Penny Arcade's games on the rain, Slick Precipice of Darkness.
Rugu and Golf, tee it up.
And at least, we don't know when they're coming, but at least they're on their way.
What are you giggling at?
The Rob D in chat says, I'm going to go play that Super Mario goulash game next.
Whatever.
Chat room's funny.
I love chat room.
Chat.orangelandradio.com.
Yeah, chat's just perfect.
I love chat.
I also love more Xbox Live Arcade games as long as they don't suck, but hey, it might
be kind of cool.
Fable 2 is going to be interacting with apparently three different Xbox Live Arcade games.
That was recently revealed this week in an interview with the guy behind Fable 2, and
money that is won in one of the games can actually be transferred to funds in Fable
2.
We already knew that.
But Carbonated Games has made apparently some casual games, and there's three titles involved.
One is called Keystone, one is called Wizard's Tower, and the other one is called Mage Dice.
So when you play these games, which involve a little bit of gambling in them, you get
Fable Gold in them, and you get to use that Fable Gold in your Fable game.
I'm just looking forward to co-op in this game.
You know you can't wait for co-op in Fable 2, Loki.
Yeah, the only bad thing about Wizard's Tower is it's really just Yaris renamed Wizard's
Tower.
Shut up, really?
No.
Oh, I was going to say, that's horrible, if so.
I wonder if these are going to be free, because they are kind of like, you know, marketing
Fable 2.
No.
Hopefully they're cheap.
They better not be expensive.
They're going to whore this game out like a whore.
Basically achievements in the game, a Fable by the way, achievement points are going to
be tied to the game's morality scale.
So basically achievements, you know, would be being pure, pure good and pure, pure bad
could be interesting.
Well duh, they're going to of course have stuff like that as well as like, I don't know,
kill your dog, I don't know.
But at the same time, like, the original Fable sounded so freaking awesome and then it was
kind of, it was okay, it was okay.
But I'm definitely interested in checking this game out, so we'll see.
Well, you know, there's another game that I think is, well okay, I'd never played it,
but I know a lot of people did, Puzzle Quest.
Well, Puzzle Quest, you know, is doing pretty well on Xbox Live Arcade, so there's actually
going to be a expansion and they're asking the players to name it for them.
Sort of like a, if you actually go onto the contest website, which is at puzzle-quest.com,
ooh, actually it's already over.
It ended on the 21st.
Dang, that went by fast.
It wasn't even open when I last checked earlier this week.
It ended on the 21st.
Well damn, I was going to try to get our chatters to spam them with Puzzle Quest Orange or something.
Not really.
Well, at any rate, they said that once they've decided the name, then the expansion's going
to be out in the spring over Xbox Live.
So have fun.
But what about all the other places they hoard Puzzle Quest to?
They just get shafted, huh?
I have no idea.
I would have never thought Puzzle Quest was going to get an expansion or any type of microtransactions
whatsoever because of the fact it was on the DS and all these other systems.
So I'm kind of surprised at this news.
So it's just interesting.
I don't know how else to explain it.
Interesting.
I wasn't expecting that.
Were you expecting an expansion?
I sure wasn't.
An expansion?
No, because I thought they would just hoard that out in Puzzle Quest II or something like
that.
But I guess something to kill time until Puzzle Quest Galactics comes out or Galactrix
or whatever the fuck they're calling it.
The I-can't-believe-it's-not-puzzle-quest?
Yes.
Gotcha.
Alright, so this weekend there's been a whole bunch of drama revolving a supposedly leaked
game Sonic Unleashed with tons of screenshots out there available for it.
People are wondering is this an actual game that got leaked?
Is this an April Fool's joke?
Who knows?
Well, first it started off, eh, it's probably fake, you know, who knows?
But then there's like a hundred some screenshots for this.
So I don't know if it is fake, it's one of the most elaborate fakes I've ever seen.
But then apparently now there was news that, you know, Sega of Europe said that it is official
and that they were going to be announcing it during their May gamer's day and also make
an official announcement at E3.
But then there are some sort of, you know, kind of wishy-washy stuff going on with that
and now it's maybe not real again.
I think at this point it's safe to say with the video out there, with the screenshots
out there, I would say it's real.
I don't see how it can be a fake at this point based off that video because that video is
pretty kick-ass which is out there on YouTube somewhere, right?
You have to check out the video of this game, it looks like finally they got the right idea
with Sonic.
It's basically like a Sonic 2.5D as they would call it.
It's very much like the traditional Sonic game, looks pretty good.
The screenshots that they've been showing were supposedly from an Xbox 360 version.
There's some other rumors coming out that the game is going to be on the cover of next
month's Play Magazine and also that there's going to be some stuff running the official
Nintendo magazine, the UK one, that's going to be, I guess, the cover in August for them.
So right now we're speculating that it's coming out for the 360 and probably a version for
the Wii and you can probably assume that there's a version for the PS3 if there's one coming
out for the 360.
ActDeft in chat says, hope for Sonic's future equals rising.
I really hope so because the last few Sonic creations in a row minus his appearance in
Brawl have all been very disappointing.
So God, I hope so.
Don't you hope, Jamie?
I hope they got it right finally.
I can hope.
The screenshots are pretty awesome.
I watched the movie file, it's pretty sweet.
I think, like I said, if it was a hoax, then the hoax game needs to come out, honestly.
That is one hell of an elaborate hoax to fake, I don't know how many screenshots of this
game.
Or even a mapped level.
The video followed the level all the way through.
It's very unlikely that it would be an April Fool's joke, but hey, you know what, credit
to them if it is an April Fool's joke because that's one of the most convincing April Fool's
jokes I've ever seen.
Another convincing April Fool's joke was the rumor about Wario's Woods coming to WiiWare.
Some screenshots came out earlier this week that appeared to show a version of Wario's
Woods on the Wii.
I'll tell you what, these are damn good screenshots.
Look at that.
That is pretty convincing.
This whole, it has a more 3D-ish look to them and it shows the Wii remote and some little
text in Japanese, I would have bought this, but guess what, it was a joke.
And some of our listeners may not even know this, you may have just saw the news earlier
this week, but yes, it came out Go Nintendo ran a report with a video from the guy who
actually created the whole thing and he kind of shows how he did it.
It was actually meant to be an April Fool's joke and apparently what happened is that
he posted the joke in IRC trying to get some feedback from some of the folks in IRC like,
hey, is this believable?
Well, some of the folks in IRC like sent it to Joystiq and it got out there a little bit
early.
Whoops!
So, unfortunately, it is fake.
Wario's Woods not coming to WiiWare.
At least this one, I mean, but then again, you never know what Nintendo might have up
their sleeve.
It may not look like this, but as far as I'm concerned, whatever artist did these did a
pretty darn good job and Nintendo maybe ought to think to talking to this guy.
Maybe they ought to cook something like this up.
So we'll see.
But sadly, no Wario's Woods on WiiWare anytime soon.
That's poopy.
Unless Nintendo's getting the last laugh, who knows?
Well, something that came out in the April issue of UK's official Xbox magazine said
that Ikaruga was out now and was getting a 9 out of 10 from the magazine with no actual
release date.
So you know what?
Is this real?
Oh, what, another April Fool's joke?
Probably.
Who knows?
Ikaruga?
Well, I mean, it came out in the April issue.
No, I think that is.
It was a piece talking about Ikaruga and usually in the corner it'll say release date, you
know, March or whatever, and it says release out now because it's the April issue.
So this hasn't...
Well, the game is coming.
We've had a story on this before, yeah.
The game is coming.
That's not...
Just for a moment when you were talking about April Fool's Day, I was like, wait, they better
not be taunting me with Ikaruga.
God, I hate April Fool's Day.
I know.
I mean, seriously, it's going to be like this for the next two weeks.
Well, they did have it out at the Tokyo Game Show.
I just wasn't thinking that it was out quite yet.
But Ikaruga is like one of the best shooter games ever, so that's really cool.
And it's Treasure.
GS68 in chat says, game publications should be banned from making April issues anymore.
I kind of agree.
I kind of agree.
Maybe it's just me.
Well, if I were a game publication, I would just flat out, you know, post a little editorial
in my magazine saying, while certain other magazines and, you know, publications may
want to, you know, joke about April Fool's and stuff like that, I would just say, you
know, we don't do that, and we figure that you would appreciate more accurate coverage
than something that may confuse you, I don't know.
Which is, you know, I think the kind of stance we take on this show, you know.
April Fool's is...
Usually our jokes are pretty obvious.
Yeah.
And I don't think we're going to do one this year now in light of the other news that came
out, so we'll see.
The joke is we're going to stay on Live 365.
So moving on with more news then, Loki.
Well, we don't like to talk about him too much, but there was a brand new story this
week about our friend Jackie Poo, or Voldemort, as you may know him.
The Florida Supreme Court has sent an official notice to Jack Thompson that he now must have
an attorney to basically approve any further cases he has.
The court's ruling is basically saying that the numerous abuses that Thompson had made,
including submitting pornography and stuff like that, is a relentless and frivolous pursuit
for vindication of his claim that he is being victimized by the Florida Bar, and the continued
ability to maintain the minimum standard of decorum and respect for the judicial system
in which the litigants, and especially the attorneys, must adhere, because of this basically
the motion has been made that for any lawsuit that he is now putting forward, it must be
signed off by, I guess, an accredited attorney or something like that.
In other words, he needs a babysitter.
Yes.
So it's interesting.
I don't know.
Hopefully we'll see a lot less of him unless he gets some other retarded person to kind
of help him along and kind of join forces with him.
I think it's about damn time.
To Lord Voldemort from your friends at Orange Lounge Radio, you probably couldn't hear that
again.
Let's try this one instead.
Hold on.
That's wonderful.
No, and here's the best part about the whole thing.
After this ruling came down, apparently Thompson sent out an email describing the Supreme Court's
order as both good news and idiotic, because he's got them right where he wants them now.
Does he live on another planet?
Speaking of crazy stuff, there's that new Street Fighter movie coming out, Street Fighter
The Legend of Chun-Li, and it's getting a more full cast.
Chris Klein is in it.
He plays Guile's friend, which apparently is a big role.
I don't know.
Charlie.
Right.
Charlie Nash.
Kristen Kreuk, who is the Lois Lane on Smallville.
She's playing...
No, I guess it would be Lana Lane, because it was a daughter, right?
I don't know.
I don't watch Smallville.
That's her.
Whatever.
She's going to be Chun-Li.
I bet half the guys who watch her don't even know what her name is.
They just watch her.
She's going to be Chun-Li, and Michael Clarke Duncan is going to be Balrog.
Get this.
Taboo from the Black Eyed Peas is going to be Vega.
He's the guy with the long hair and the black eyed peas.
He's going to be Vega.
That's going to be interesting.
Neil McDonough is going to be M. Bison.
And I've never really heard that name, but then when I see his picture, I'm like, okay,
that guy.
I think I've seen him before, somewhere.
And I agree with SSJ100Matt in chat who says, this movie fails for one reason.
No Kylie.
And I kind of agree.
Oh, this guy was in Star Trek First Contact.
That's why he looks familiar.
Minority Report.
Band of Brothers.
Okay.
He's been hand fulfilled.
You know why this movie also fails?
Uh oh.
Why?
Because it's a Street Fighter movie and anybody that thinks of Street Fighter the movie is
always going to think of the last horrible Street Fighter movie.
Okay, I just killed...
I just...
Horrell Julia.
I just realized why this guy looks so familiar to me, but I almost don't want to say why.
And it's because of one of the movies he was recently in was the last movie I saw on DVD.
It was I Know Who Killed Me.
I actually watched that on DVD and he was in it.
Because I have to see...
Okay, when a film wins the award for worst movie of the year, I have to see just how
bad it is.
And it was pretty bad.
No you don't.
I'm going to give you fair warning that it sucks.
So why do you...
I like that movie.
I love Showgirls.
Showgirls is one of my favorite movies of all time, but it's one of those things where
it's so bad it's good.
Get it?
Like, we actually had a discussion about this at our friend's house the other day.
And the movie actually came up as Caveman.
Have you seen that movie?
No.
It was really, really not a good movie and it was one of the 70s and the dinosaurs in
it were all claymation.
Nice.
But it was so awful that it's a great movie.
Nice.
I've seen Teenage Caveman.
That was like Mystery Science Theater 3000.
Manos, The Hands of Fate.
Alright, can we please move on?
Yeah.
I have some stuff.
So I don't know how I feel about this because, you know, again with all of the movies coming
out from, you know, video games, and especially since the horrible, horrible Ooey bowl is
associated with this one, The Name of the King, A Dungeon Siege Tale is going to be
out on April 15th.
You know, I knew this like a long time ago and I wish I had thought about this, but I
figured it was an Ooey bowl movie and no one really cares.
It will have deleted scenes, behind the scenes featurette, and trailers.
And the suggested retail is $27.98, so look for it in the $5 bin at Walmart in a few weeks
after that.
Has anyone, I don't know if anyone else saw the news this week.
They're running a website for Postal, the movie, because it's launching the same weekend
as Indiana Jones, and they have Vern Troyer dressed up like Indy and it was like, I don't
remember what the phrase was, it was something stupid like, you know, I have a message for
Indy fuck you, or like fuck you up or something like that, I don't know.
But they literally, I think, I'm sure it's supposed to be parody, but half of me still
thinks that they literally think that they're going to beat Indiana Jones in the box office
somehow.
Delusional.
Exactly.
You know what's going to happen when they go back to work Monday morning after that
weekend?
Vern Troyer is going to go drink some more.
No, he's about as delusional as Jack Thompson.
It's basically just going to be, you know, he's going to think it's a great victory for
him and that, you know, it may make him the most money out of any of his movies or some
shit like that, and he'll have renewed hope for making more video game movies or something.
I don't know.
I kind of miss when this show had a soundboard.
I think in our post-live 365 era, we need to bring back the soundboard.
I kind of miss having one.
Yeah.
Okay.
Sorry.
So, Call of Duty 4, a very successful game, they are going to be getting a brand new Game
of the Year edition, which is going to be coming out in April, actually April 3rd for
the Xbox 360 version.
Along with that, there will be a brand new map pack that's going to have a few different
maps of Creek, Broadcast, Chinatown, and Kill House, that's going to be available for $10,
and as you might guess, in the Game of the Year edition, you get a token to download
that for free, so if you haven't bought the game yet and are thinking about it, you may
wait for this one to come out.
It should be noted, though, that for some reason whatsoever, the PlayStation 3 version's
coming out a few weeks after the Xbox 360 one.
I don't get that, but that's going on, so hooray.
Hooray?
I guess.
Also hooray for this, I like the store Target, and Target is apparently getting into gaming
in a way you may not have guessed.
They are selling indie gaming shirts.
They're selling shirts from independent games like Tower of Goo and some other games that
are there, and the shirts only cost you $12, here's the best part, buy the shirt, get the
game with it.
They actually have the game, like I can see in this little picture, the game's actually
kind of hanging around the collar of the shirt, so you can get both for $12.
That's cool.
That's kind of a neat little concept.
That is really cool.
That is strange to see at Target, though, of all places.
I would not have expected this to be at Target.
EGP Apparel.
I would expect to see that maybe at GameStop or something.
Yeah, or some other type of nerd store like Hot Topic, it's kind of nerdy, right?
EGPapparel.com if you want to see more about that.
Buy the shirt and get the game for free.
That's cool.
That's very interesting.
Tower of Goo sounds funny.
MacMan in chat says Target and Kmart.
Tower of Goo is coming to the WiiWare also.
You know what I didn't realize?
I did not realize until just last week that Defend Your Castle game that's coming to the
Wii.
I did not realize that it's based off the old Flash game where you throw the guys up
in the air and watch them explode into millions of pieces, because I saw the preview for that
somewhere earlier this week, and when I watched it, I'm like, oh, shit, that game.
That would be hella fun in multiplayer mode.
That Defend Your Castle game.
Especially when you're drunk and you're just like, ah.
That game is fun.
What's the site that you can play that game for free on?
I don't know, but they had it linked, I know, on the Joystick story for that when they were
talking about.
But I'm sure if you type in Defend Your Castle, you probably can find it.
XGenStudios.com slash play slash castle.
That game is so much fun, even though it's like years old.
I think it's been on the internet for like three years.
Let me post that in chat there so our lovely chatters can take a look at that game.
But don't get too distracted, because it's time for us to open up the Skype line.
That's right.
It's the part of the show where we let you guys interact with us if you want to give
us a call at 1-877-GAME-OLR.
Or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
This is the part of the show where you can do that and interact with us, and we'll be
taking calls I'd say right about right now, at least when they start coming in.
So in the meantime, we ought to go to Loki for some last-minute stories, yes, Loki?
Yes.
Okay, so to start things off, let's see.
We've got some kind of terrible news, actually.
There's rumors that the latest Wii update blocks the freeloader from working.
Yes, that's right.
The brand new freeloader that apparently was supposed to be unfazed by Wii updates, apparently
that's been broken.
Although we're getting mixed, or I should say Go Nintendo has been getting mixed emails
about it.
Some people are saying that it is not working.
Some people are saying it is still working.
But the real update that was supposed to be for that is it's actually supposed to be defeating
a different homebrew kind of hack thing that they had going on.
I told you it would take like 15 seconds for Nintendo to patch that show.
No, it's not the one you're thinking, too, it's this thing called a Trecha Assigner.
It basically allows them to create, because all the files on Wii discs are encrypted,
so this will allow you to create the key and basically put your own files, make your own
homebrew discs for the Wii, basically.
Let's go to the phones.
I've got somebody on hold.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
Yeah, what's up?
This is RossDioUT.
Hello.
Wow.
You're really good at getting through first.
You're like the new Raven's Dolphin.
Whatever happened to Raven's Dolphin?
Did he abandon our show?
Raven's Dolphin, where are you?
I miss you.
Okay, I'm sorry.
RossDioUT, you're cool, too.
What's up?
Okay.
First off, I'm surprised you didn't mention this early on in the show when you were talking
about the Gibson lawsuit bonanza, but here's a link that talks about the patent.
I'm going to put it in the chat right now.
Basically what's happening is that the diagram that goes with the patent shows a stereoscopic
headset, an eight-channel mixer, a FEX processor, among other crazy-ass shit, and an actual
musical instrument.
I don't know if you can see the picture from that link.
Yeah, I'm looking at it right now.
Yeah, I didn't want to spend too much time on that whole Gibson lawsuit because I think
it's retarded.
I was going to get to that actually in a few seconds.
What do you want to say then, Libby?
Well, basically here's what Harmonix's response to the Gibson lawsuit was.
This lawsuit is completely without merit and we intend to defend it vigorously.
Gibson's patent filed nearly 10 years ago required a 3D display, a real musical instrument,
and a recording of a concert.
Rock band and guitar hero are completely different.
Among other things, they are games, require no headset, and use a controller only shaped
like a real instrument.
It's unfortunate Gibson unfairly desires to share the tremendous success enjoyed by the
developers of rock band and guitar hero.
Yeah, looking at this little picture of the guitar, I mean, I know pictures and patents
aren't supposed to be the end all be all because we've seen others throughout the years, but
this looks nothing like the game controller that they're using.
It looks like a MIDI guitar.
Yeah, I mean, it looks so far removed from guitar hero and rock band, I don't even see
where Gibson's coming from.
They're not going to win this, that's for sure, because it's not even close.
Not even, not even, and I'm shocked seeing it that they'd even bother.
But then again, we've seen more stupid lawsuits before.
Oh yes, there was one other thing.
Rainbow Six Vegas 2 came out last week, and if anybody's listening is thinking about getting
it, I would stay away from the PS3 one if you're interested in online, because the online
is broken.
Oh great, what's broken about it?
Well, I'm finding myself unable to get into most games, and the few games that I can get
into, I get booted off right away, and it's not just me.
In those few games, I've talked to the people there and they're having the same problem.
I know it's not me because I'm not having the problem with Vegas 1, I'm not having a
problem with a lot of the other PS3 games, Call of Duty 4 and stuff, but I was actually
rather shocked, especially since the game had a release day patch.
Don't worry, a patch will fix it.
That seems to be the thinking of video games in this day and age.
The patch that came out when the game came out, I'm serious, I pre-ordered the game,
I got it first day, right?
And I go home, literally, immediately, PlayStation Network's like, yeah, we got a patch, download
it, and I was like, alright.
I figured it was a multiplayer patch, but apparently not.
Patches should be for what Rock Band just did.
It added a whole new feature to the thing that maybe should have been there in the first
place, but oh well, it was a new feature, something new and neat.
That is an acceptable patch to me.
An unacceptable patch to me is, oh, I don't know, Bully?
Or countless others?
Yeah, that's another one.
Another thing is, this isn't the first time we've seen an Ubisoft game with a patch to
fix things that were either broken or they were too lazy to get in.
I don't know if you guys remember Naruto, Rise of a Ninja?
Like a week after the game came out, they came out with a Japanese language patch.
It is literally 52 megs.
They're basically unlocking it off the disk.
It's just ridiculous.
I don't know, 52 megs doesn't sound like a key.
Usually a key is pretty small.
52 megs, that sounds like actual dialogue to me.
There's no possible way.
It's all the voices in the town and the cutscenes.
There's a lot more than 52 megs worth of dialogue going on there.
It's all voices.
I don't know how that could be all the dialogue.
It's just too much.
We don't see it as much as we did when the 360 came out.
I think companies are getting better about it.
But we're still seeing this sort of, ah, fuck it, rush it out, we'll patch it attitude.
It's going to start hurting companies, especially with these consoles getting more popular because
you know the majority of them aren't going to be online.
It's just a numbers game.
I really feel sorry for the people who are going to get stuck with unpatched versions,
especially with what Rob mentioned, Bully.
That's going to suck.
Well, Ross, we've got to wrap up so you can go, but any other quick thoughts you want
to get out there?
Actually, no.
I mean, that's pretty much it, except for the whole Ubisoft buying Tom Clancy thing.
The only thing I was surprised was that they hadn't already done it.
I would have thought that was already a relationship that was, but there you have it.
All right, Ross, have a good one, buddy.
You too, Sam.
Bye bye.
All right, if you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR or our username on Skype,
Orange Lounge Radio.
Any other stories you want to share with us, Loki, while we're waiting?
Sure.
There's apparently some pretty cool mods.
Oh, never mind.
We've got to call.
Hi, Orange Lounge Radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's up?
It's the RobD guys.
Well, hello.
Long time, no talk.
RobD.
Hi.
How are you?
Yeah, yeah.
I've kind of been working and all that fun stuff.
I work most Sundays and I close, so that kind of disables me from actually listening to
you guys.
Work?
What is this work thing you speak of?
Yeah, I know.
I need to actually abandon my job and only play games for a living.
Exactly.
See how that one goes for a little while.
Exactly.
All right.
Well, what's on your mind tonight, Rob?
Well, I've got to say, actually, just listening to Ross steal UTT's call, now that Ubisoft
actually owns a Tom Clancy license, we're going to see Tom Clancy's, I don't know,
Tom Clancy's Nautilus or Rise of a Ninja or Tom Clancy's Enchanted Arms now that they
actually own the property.
I somehow doubt that would happen, but usually, that's kind of like the same thing with
the whole, when Activision bought Blizzard or whatever, the whole World of Warcraft will
come to Guitar Hero tomorrow.
That'd be great, but I got to say, the reason I called in is I don't really have a topic
to discuss, but I need to just express my joy as a fighting game fan of just the titles
coming out this year, because you've got King of Fighters XII, you've got Super Smash
Brothers Brawl, Street Fighter IV, Super Street Fighter II HD Remix, Soul Calibur IV.
I can't remember a crop of fighting games, well, at least-
Tekken 6?
At the very least, with this pedigree, yeah, exactly, with this pedigree for a very long
time.
We'll see if all these games end up panning out to be good.
That obviously remains to be seen, but as a fighting game fan, I just haven't been
this excited for games, especially to see some of these franchises go multiplayer, well,
with online multiplayer for the very first time.
Hopefully we'll see that out of several franchises this year, especially good multiplayer out
of Street Fighter.
That'd be-
That's a good point.
I can't think of a year that has been quite as big for fighting games as this year is
shaping up to be.
I haven't really had it put in perspective for me like that, but yeah, that's a lot
of big-ass franchises all coming back.
I think the only big franchise I can think of that's missing is Mortal Kombat, and
most would say that franchise peaked quite some time ago, so whatever, but that's
kind of interesting.
I still gave some screenshots for the other day for King of Fighters XII, and it looks
pretty hot, I got to say.
Not that I've been-
Yeah, they read you all the animations for all that, so I'm looking forward to seeing
how they'll actually turn out.
Trucker Terry's back, so for all the Terry Bogard, Engrish, hey, come on, come on, fans,
that should make many of them pleased.
Nice.
Speaking of old school fighting games from SNK, you know how your pick, your classic
game of the week last week was The Last Blade.
They have it on GameTap 1 and 2, so I went and played it for a little bit, just because
I had never really played it before.
It's fun, although I was using a keyboard, and fighting games with keyboards are always
kind of wonky.
You've got to really use a joystick, but eh, I had fun while I was playing.
I think it's a really stylish game.
Yeah, it's definitely stylish.
I couldn't figure out any of the fatalities, though.
That was the part I was looking forward to doing, but anyway, sorry, I didn't mean
to derail, but what do you think about the whole Street Fighter IV?
Do you think it's shaping up to be pretty awesome, or is it just like Street Fighter
II ten years later, or what do you think?
Well it's nice to see that they're actually modernizing the look, and I think this is
an important step for the franchise, that they're moving finally from sprites to, you
know, some modern graphics that aren't done by, what was that company that did Street
Fighter EX?
I think Akira or something like that?
I don't even remember, frankly.
To me, it all depends on how the game plays, you can't really determine until the game
actually comes out.
I think it's going to be disappointing if the game doesn't really come out with anything
particularly new in the fighting game engine, especially since SNK has been changing up
their fighting game engine practically every year, and with King of Fighters XI, they really
broke out, pulled out all the stops with the super cancels, well not the super cancels,
because that's been there for a while, but the dream cancels, the saving shifts, a lot
of things that actually changed the gameplay, and just really helped it out as a franchise.
I'd really like to see how the game plays, and considering I really doubt that it'll
actually make any kind of a splash in American arcades, we'll probably have to wait until
it comes out whenever it does.
Do you think American arcades can be saved, Rob?
Probably not, not with how online play has been just proliferated over here, and in Japan
I don't think that's really as much of a concern, since they're not really into shooters
as much as we are certainly, and they haven't had Xbox Live, or at least they don't support
Xbox Live as much as we do, I really doubt you can get gamers that gathered again.
So sad, because it was just not even, you can count how long ago it was when arcades
were still, they might have been getting closer on its last legs, but this show started due
to hanging out in an arcade, so this is kind of sad.
I have fond memories of playing Neo Geo games and playing the old X in an arcade game, Turtles
in Time especially was a favorite of mine, oh god.
You can still play Neo Geo arcade, like they have a Neo Geo arcade machine at Jim Boy's
Tacos, have you seen that?
I don't eat at Jim Boy's.
Oh, but well, okay, well, they have one there, it might be worth looking at.
There's a bajillion Jim Boys around too, I don't know which one you mean.
It's the one over on Folsom and Sunrise, I know that makes no sense to our other listeners,
but anyway.
Well, I used to go to Rico's Pizza, and play the DDR there while I was eating pizza, and
18 Wheeler Pro Trekker.
Yeah, remember when pizza parlors had hella arcade games in them, like it was like pizza
slash arcade, and now you're lucky to go to a round table and see like two games and a
pinball table, that's it.
You're lucky to see that.
Well, we were just talking about, just for the pinball aspect, we were talking, because
I'm sure everyone by now knows that, you know, my husband and I collect pinball machines,
no tables, but we were just talking about how you used to be able to go anywhere and
there would always be a pinball, and some sort of classic game, and whatever was not
exactly new new, but was new about three months ago, they're waiting, you know.
And now it's like, no, we have crane games, sorry.
That's sad.
Yeah, the pizza parlor was where I first played Street Fighter II, so, and I actually, the
first character I ever played as was Dalsim, or as my mom called him, Mr. Stretchy Arms,
so I've always kind of had a soft spot in my heart for pizza parlor arcade games.
My first Street Fighter II was at a 7-11.
My first Street Fighter II was at a college arcade.
My college arcade, I can still remember the lineup for the longest time.
We had Cyber, not, what am I thinking of, I can't remember, Cyberstorm was it?
It was like, it was sort of like a virtual on ripoff, sort of, and we had A Killer Instinct,
we had World Cup Soccer 94, which became my favorite table and I own one now, we had Dark
Stalkers, we had KOF 94, and a bunch of other machines that I usually ignored.
SSJ100Matt says, yeah, I remember when 7-11s had arcade games here, and I was gonna say,
it wasn't a 7-11, but the same type of thing, a little convenience store chain was one of
the first places I played Mortal Kombat II.
Well, 7-11 actually went out of business in Alabama a long time ago, I was really surprised
when it moved out here and saw 7-11s, but I would go to any one of them and there would
always be some sort of game, whether it worked or not was another story, but there would
be a game there, so it was weird.
Now you can find good arcade machines though at truck stops.
I found Derby Owners Club at a truck stop.
Good times.
Alright, well, Rob D., we've been on the phone a while now, so I gotta ask you so we can
get some more calls, any last thoughts, any other things you wanna say?
Uh...
Pawa Dunk!
I'll just send it there.
Alright, have a good one, Rob.
See you guys later.
Bye.
Bye.
I guess he was getting some bad echo on the line, I don't know how that happened, happened,
happened, happened, no just kidding.
Alright, you can give us a call if you want, 1-877-GAME-OLR, our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
Loki, what was that story you were gonna read for us earlier?
Uh, well apparently there's some really cool mods, character mods you can have for the
PlayStation 3 version, or actually the PC version also of Unreal Tournament 3, including
Master Chief.
They also have the guy from Crysis.
There's also, of course, Marcus Fenix, and Cloud, and Spawn.
And actually the one for Halo, I gotta say, looks better than the Xbox 360 version.
Let's go to the phones.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio.
Who's this?
Oh, sweet Jesus.
I finally got in.
It's DJ Dark Knight.
Hi, DJ Dark Knight.
What's on your mind?
Uh, not much.
I was surprised you guys didn't talk about Guitar Hero DS.
We did.
You might have arrived late to the show, it was early in Part A.
Well, I remember I saw Peripheral about it, and all I could think of is, ugh, major cramps
for that game, I swear.
I don't think so.
I don't know.
Cause it's gonna be just like you're holding the guitar usually, but I think it'd be very
comfortable actually, cause the keys are sideways.
It's not like on top, that would cramp your hands, but your hand actually slides through
like a little velcro holder thing, and it still looks like a carpal tunnel nightmare
to me.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, it'll probably, like I said, it'll probably work out, but it doesn't mean,
I know in my case, the way my hands are, I know it's not gonna work too well for me.
Um, I was thinking about something else that totally slipped my mind, cause that was the
main thing I wanted to talk about.
Um, something about the live 365 thing, that does suck.
That does suck major balls, I know.
It sucks and it's nice, like, you know, I'm hearing from people who are offering to
help pay for the increased fees and all that, which I think is really nice, but at the same
time you have to, I just want everybody to understand part of the reason that we're leaving
is because we disagree with the rate increase of such significance, and the fact that maybe
it's just time for the station to have a kick in the butt and, uh, you know, try something
a little different.
You know, we've been doing it the same way for five and a half years, so we're just trying
to see the positives and what is kind of otherwise a depressing thing, and I know it's really
going to suck because it displaces, um, our weeknight shows, at least for right now.
I mean, we're hoping we can take them with us wherever we end up, but, uh, you know,
it's going to be some growing pains, but I'm hoping in the long run it actually ends up
as a good thing.
Well, I gotta say, if you ever need a spot for Shoutcast, we got lines open.
I appreciate it, you know, and I know a lot of people are saying Shoutcast and it's definitely
a possibility, uh, we have ideas and we'll see what happens.
The other thing about Shoutcast, too, is you got to pay for music licensing if we were
going to do something like that, so.
But then, you know, all the video game music, I mean, we just, I mean, I think no matter
what happens, unfortunately, we're going to have to get rid of our licensed music in,
in terms of the cage match that we do every week and the, uh, you know, any shows we had
where we were playing a lot of licensed music, like unfortunately Jamie's old show, uh, Matt's
mix show, you know, things like that.
Hell, my show when I play that.
Oh darn, we'll have to get rid of that show that we got rid of, like, a year ago.
Well, you know what I mean, but you talked about bringing it back, too, and, you know,
it's just, uh, not gonna, it can't happen now, so.
We'll see what happens.
We don't know.
We can always resurrect that My Name Is God-O mix.
But I don't know, when it comes to video game music, it feels differently to me.
I don't think, you know, it seems like a different realm.
I, I would, I would go underground with video game music.
I think we'd be okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, um, like I said, good luck on that one.
Um.
Thank you.
Like I said, other than that, though, um, of course, me being the fancy star of Universe
Fanatic, uh, finally back on the game and whatnot, it's officially White Day in the
game and whatnot.
I keep meaning to sign on and just kind of, like, play around in Fantasy Star Universe
and see if I, I don't know, like it again, um, but I keep, just keep getting sidetracked,
stupid wow and stuff like that.
Well, like Gary said, you can't really enjoy it unless you get the expansion, of course.
Once you get the expansion, then yeah, you can do, enjoy the newer stuff, but I mean,
if you still just have the basic ones, you're still not gonna, you won't get, you won't
be able to get all the new, be able to do all the new stuff and whatnot.
Is these, expansion is what, 20 bucks?
15 bucks?
20 bucks?
Um, I don't know.
I don't look into it.
I really don't know.
I know on live, you can, on live, you can download it.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
On live, you can download it.
Because I have to uninstall it.
40 bucks?
Geez.
I don't know about that.
Yeah, that's a bit much.
But yeah, I mean, I, like I said, I still play that, I still play that game because
it gives, it keeps me from playing, it's the only game I play on my PlayStation 2 now.
That's the sad part.
I don't play anything else on it.
But anyway.
Uh, anything else you want to share, Dark Knight, with our listeners?
Uh, no one else about it, but um, permission to plug?
Oh, hell, why not?
Because we like ya.
Okay, um, I kind of blend my voice to two shows on radio station called Disagenius Radio.
One is my show called DJ Dark Knight's Ninja Dojo, and the number one is called, um, Anime
Damashi on there, which is hosted by, um, the Rob D, me, Foodie Monster, and I guess
the others, which is basically anime show, all, um, anime podcast shows.
Tune in if you like, we on, we got podcasts out and everything, so.
Nice.
Alright, that's it.
Have a good night, enjoy your Easter, talk to y'all later.
Alright, have a good one.
Bye.
Bye.
What do you think?
One more call?
We'll do one more call.
Sure.
Uno mas.
Our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio.
If we are going to be doing a break from live broadcasting for a little while and going
to tape, we will be sure to, uh, have more time for calls next week as we, uh, say goodbye
to Live Thesis 5, because believe it or not, next week is going to be our last show on
Live Thesis 5 no matter what.
It's kind of odd.
Kind of scary in a way.
Eh.
Eh.
That's, uh, Loki's attitude.
Whatever.
Do you have any other last minute stories for us, Loki?
Yeah.
This week in the US, uh, Virtual Console will be getting King's Knight on the NES and Power
Ball on Genesis.
I don't know what either one of those are.
Sorry.
That was something else.
I'm saving it for later.
Okay.
Let's see here.
So, uh, what have we got here, apparently some idiot is working on Mac OS X or something
that resembles Mac OS X for the PSP.
Why?
Why?
Uh, there's some homebrew thing that someone made apparently that will remove duplicate
channels that you may have from playing import games.
Uh, so that's kind of neat.
Let's see here, and, uh, some rumors from EGM, including Tech Mobile is heading to the
Wii and the classic version of the game is coming to the DS, and apparently Warren Spector's
new Disney project that he's working on is a platformer and the goal is to give Mario
a run for his money.
The star of the big platformer would be none other than Mickey Mouse.
Hmm.
That'd be interesting.
That's it.
Alright.
Well, we're actually going to go ahead and close the Skype line because I just realized
we are running a little bit long.
It's almost, it's already midnight on the east coast, nine o'clock here, so we'll take
plenty more calls next week.
Don't worry.
Uh, we're going to go ahead and go around and get everybody's final thoughts though
in the meantime because we're about ready to wrap up.
So, uh, Dark Soccer, your final thought for us tonight?
Milkshake.
My final thought is I would really like my appetite back.
Loki, my final thought is this chair is really uncomfortable.
Sorry about that.
It's alright.
Hey, if I can find another fluffy chair like Dark Soccer is for cheap, I'll get one of
those.
This is metal, and that's why I keep standing up because it...
No, I'm sorry.
Alright, well, that's it.
That's going to do it for another week here at Orange Lounge Radio, and tune in again
next week for the last show on Live 365 where hopefully we'll be able to tell you what the
plan for the future is after that.
Thank you guys as always for tuning into and supporting independent podcasting.
Really appreciate it.
You guys are awesome.
Thanks for supporting us.
And remember, if you like Orange Lounge Radio, or even if you don't like this show, at least
spread the word and help independent radio break through because we don't have advertising
dollars.
We don't have big magazines behind us.
We don't have any of that.
So that's going to do it.
So until next time, my name is Rob Roberts.
That's Dark Soccer.
He's Loki, and together we are Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast program, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
