Welcome back to Orange Lounge Radio on this Sunday, March the 9th of 2008 for this part
B of our podcast, which we hope we'll actually upload to our feed this week with no problems,
unlike last time.
But let me not jinx things, let me shut up and let Loki get back into the gaming news
this week.
This week, well, of course we knew this was coming, but now, other than Steam, you can
now buy the, or soon, you will be able to buy the components of the Orange box separately.
You'll be hitting retail stores on April 9th, you'll be able to buy Portal for $19.99, and
then of course Half-Life 2, Episode 1 and 2 for $29.99 and Team Fortress 2 for $29.99.
All sold separately now, so, awesome.
I don't know, Half-Life 2 I don't think was that expensive to begin with, I mean, might
as well just buy them all.
I think this is a really good way for people who haven't seen Portal yet to get it, because
I know people that would consider that $60 for Portal was a decent buy, and you got all
these other cool games free.
So honestly, this is an excellent, I mean, not to knock the other games, because the
Orange box is a great combo package, but certainly there's a lot of people that want to see Portal
by itself.
I guess if you've owned, if you already owned like Half-Life 2 and Episode 1, although if
you buy the episode pack, you're getting one all over again, so, I don't know.
Oh, go ahead.
That whole bunch of Half-Life is just epic.
It is very epic.
I never realized you were quite the Half-Life fan, DarkStalker, but during our bonus segment
tonight which only the live listeners heard, you're quite a Half-Life fan, I didn't realize.
Well, keep in mind, I can't really play them because I get bad motion sickness when I play
them.
That doesn't mean you don't recognize a good game when you see one.
That's right, and I, you know, I love the story for Half-Life 2, I mean, Half-Life was
sort of like, oh, you crawl through some pipes and you kill some aliens, but I thought that
Half-Life 2 had a very, actually a really involved story, I thought it was very good.
It is very rad.
I was basically loading up everything on my iPhone and listening to it on YouTube at my
desk at work.
RossdillUT has some advice, and I'm kind of curious if it actually would work or not.
He says play on a smaller screen.
Would that help?
No?
That's too bad.
It actually has gotten a little bit better since we started playing on the widescreen.
Huh.
Because I have a 50-inch widescreen TV, and it was a lot worse on our old CRT, which was
smaller.
Weird.
I kind of get the logic behind what he's suggesting, though.
It's kind of weird that it's the reverse.
The flatter the screen, the less sick I get.
Huh.
And I also get less eye strain on my old Trinitron versus my old CRT screen.
Yeah, the eye strain.
Or my standard monitor.
Interesting.
But it still is bad.
No matter what, it still is bad.
However, nothing makes me as freaking motion sick as GoldenEye64 did.
All right.
Well anyhow, moving on.
Speaking of splitting up, Ziff Davis Media owns a lot of stuff, and after this they might
have to split some of it off.
No, I'm just kidding.
I'm not here yelling doom and gloom, but certainly that's what a lot of people are speculating
after they filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy this week.
That's right.
Ziff Davis filed for bankruptcy earlier this week.
They had $390 million in debt since last August.
Now, if this bankruptcy is actually approved by the bankruptcy courts, Ziff Davis is going
to have to restructure some things.
I don't know if that necessarily means they're going to unload some of their properties.
I don't know how that actually works.
I'm no legal expert.
Maybe folks in chat can give us some light on that.
But they're going to have to somehow basically rearrange things to pay off this $400 million.
However, they are saying that all the video game stuff, it should be business as usual.
Jason Young, who is the CEO of Ziff Davis, has this quote, quote, today's restructuring
agreement goes a long way towards resolving the burdens of a debt load and capital structure
established seven years ago during a leveraged buyout of the company.
That's Chapter 11, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Basically, a Chapter 11 is just strictly for businesses only, because we actually, at my
work, we occasionally get a Chapter 11 bankruptcy in for multi-family homes, basically apartments,
condos, that type of thing.
And this is basically done for the purpose of paying back and restructuring their debt.
It's to give the company a chance to make a fresh start.
All right.
Well, we'll see what happens.
And of course, people are screaming doom and gloom, and our chat room is no different.
P.K. Jr. 92 says, does this mean OneUp will die?
No.
Doubt it.
I mean, it's one of their more successful properties.
It's one of their more successful properties, right?
Bankruptcy doesn't really kill something, so.
Well, the bad thing about Chapter 11 is that it's actually really bad for their stockholders.
Gotcha.
Because if their debts exceed their assets, then when the bankruptcy is done, all of their
rights and interests are terminated.
Basically all the creditors have a new business to start with, nothing on the books.
S.J. 100 Matt says, if Dave is going bankrupt, could mean the end of digital life.
I don't know about that, because they were a major sponsor, but I don't know.
We'll see.
I guess that's too bad, though, for them, I guess.
But business sucks sometimes, so hopefully this will be a nice, fresh start for them.
That's what you can usually tell if there's rumors going out about a company going under
when people start selling off their stock.
True.
Anyway.
That's all I got.
Well, how about something that's just a little bit happier, huh?
Sure.
Midway!
We like Midway, except Midway's been losing some money, too, about, well, more around
the amount of $97.4 million last financial year.
So they're trying to cater more towards the casual gamer by having an online portal for
a lot of those games that are out.
I mean, basically, it's just, well, I just completely lost my train of thought.
That's okay.
Midway owns the rights to a lot of classic franchises, though, right?
Yeah.
I mean, Midway, it was, wasn't Midway that brought us out like Mortal Kombat?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, I'm going even further back than that, because I'm thinking about those
like classic packs with like Robotron and Joust and, you know, all that.
They've re-tashed that stuff a thousand times.
I wonder if this is kind of a part of how they're going to launch a more casual games
portal.
Or, because, you know, I could think of casual games as old-school games that were very simple,
or I could think of them as, you know, PopCap-type casual games, like Bejeweled and stuff, that,
again, you know, very easy to pick up and play type games.
I would go in probably with the older games and say, like, re-release that shit over and
over and over and over and over again.
Well, basically, they're only saying that two titles have been out that's used any of
the different type of proprietary technology that they've been working on so far today,
and that was just Stranglehold and Blacksite.
Well, you know, it's unfortunate for Midway, but the games they've released recently haven't
been anything to really scream about.
I mean, I guess there was Unreal.
I mean, don't get me wrong, but some of those other games just didn't really live up to
the hype, unfortunately.
Which is a bummer, because Midway's given us a lot of great games, too, but I think
they just had a rough 07.
So who knows, I heart classic games, though, and if the Portal is built good, where it
does online high scoreboards and maybe some achievement point type thing and some clever
new little innovative things that make it stand out, I would probably check it out.
So I guess we're coming up on the 10th anniversary of the Sega Dreamcast, and to commemorate
that, Sega of Japan has updated their Dreamcast.com website with a question.
Do you still own a Dreamcast?
Yes.
If you do, what you can do is submit your serial number, and they will basically register
an account with you with user.Dreamcast.com, and you'll get an email, which is your serial
number at Dreamcast.com, Gmail account.
What the hell is that going to do for me?
I don't know.
Maybe there's some more stuff that they're going to do.
Right now, actually, the website's down, so apparently enough people think that that's
interesting.
I could register both of mine.
There's hardcore Sega people out there, hard fucking core Sega people out there.
Jamie's kind of borderline one of them, I think.
I have two Dreamcasts.
Maybe I should register mine so I can have another spam email address.
Why not?
It would be fun.
That's weird, though.
You just have your serial number.
I mean, it almost makes me wonder, like, wow, could they release an email program for the
Dreamcast or something really weird all these years later?
But yeah, the Dreamcast came out, what, $9,999, but I imagine it was a little bit before that
in Japan, right?
We're bringing it back.
I think that I got my other one in, I want to say, April?
Yeah, it was probably a few months earlier in Japan.
Yeah, because I had my Dreamcast way early.
Yeah, well, why couldn't they?
I mean, that would be kind of cool to bring it back, just make it all open source type
stuff.
You know what I mean?
I mean, they already have a pretty big open source community for homebrew stuff, but just
a lot of these portable game systems, even like the DS and stuff, aren't that powerful.
I mean, you could probably do a lot on the Dreamcast that you could do on those systems,
so why not?
Well, we'll see what happens, see what this develops into.
I hope we haven't heard the last of the Dreamcast.
Even if it's something, I mean, obviously we don't expect a lot, but even something
little that would be fun, I think them putting out some type of, like, disk image you could
burn and play on your Dreamcast for, like, a 10th anniversary thing would be the cutest
thing.
I mean, it would be fun.
You know we'd all download it and check it out.
Like, a 10th anniversary Choo-Choo Rocket, come on.
Who wouldn't want to check it out?
You know, I have a press kit for Choo-Choo Rocket.
Do you really?
Yep, somewhere, still complete.
Wow, what kind of special stuff was in it?
Just like pictures and write-ups and stuff about the game.
It was just in a box, a big Choo-Choo Rocket box.
Well, technology has come a long way since the days of the Dreamcast, you know, now we
have the Xbox 360, which are on live and all that stuff, and once you know it, it didn't
take too long before we have yet another story coming from a CBS news station, WCBS-TV in
New York is reporting, and this is the headline, Alarming Trend Online Video Game Predators.
Well, here's what the Predators story is about.
It talks about this boy who's 12 years old.
He loves playing the PlayStation 3 game Burnout Paradise, and he says he plays against strangers
he knows only by their username, and when you cause people to crash, the webcam takes
a snapshot of the player's reaction.
I didn't know it did that on the PlayStation 3, too.
Yeah, with their eye camera.
Interesting.
Well, here's what happened, is that according to the story, apparently things were going
fine and then this guy crashed into somebody and the webcam picture came back, and it was
a butt.
Somebody put their butt on the webcam, but it actually, I don't know, it gets a little
sick because Najee's father, whose name is Charles Johnson, said that the image showed
a lot more than just a butt.
It was a picture of the guy mooning the camera and you could actually see his genitals.
Gross!
Why would you send that picture over?
That takes talent, too, because the camera takes the picture pretty quick, so you'd have
to crash your car in, like, I don't know, you'd have to...
Or you'd have to have your friends standing there, waiting to go.
Oh, there you go, yeah.
Never thought about that.
Come on!
Come on!
It's one thing to do that to your friends and people on your friends list and stuff
and people you know very well, but it's another to do it to strangers, especially, you know,
when you consider that it might be a 12-year-old kid who's playing the game.
And as sensationalist as the story is, it does make some decent points.
The father said that he thought it would be fine to play because the game is rated E for
everyone, or E10 plus or whatever, however, of course, the ESRB does have that warning.
It's in the beginning of the fucking game, for a second there, and you have to hit a
button to go past it.
But at the same time, I understand that, but at the same time, come on, what fucking moron
did this?
I mean, to show your butt to your friends is one thing, but to show it to complete strangers
when it might be 12-year-old kids playing the game is kind of messed up, and causes
things like this to happen, where now the media runs with it and talks about sexual
predators.
It's because the media- They were probably high, I don't think they're
sexual predators, they're probably drug users, not that that makes it right.
It's because the media has nothing to talk about.
I'll give you a perfect example, we were watching the local news yesterday, and they were talking
about a fire that happened in North Carolina.
We live in California.
I mean, how fucking slow is the news if you're talking about a building fire in another state?
Oh, and then they perceived this show a, what was it, a chicken sledding, and that's how
slow the news was.
That's why they run with this crap, because they can spin it, and it's an interesting
story.
It'll put some, not really put asses in seats, but you know what I mean, tunes people in.
Rob with two Bs pours a little salt in the wound, says California has enough of its own
fires.
Oh.
Not right now they don't.
They're in between fires, C, sir.
Pendro in chat says this, you should be able to rate people as you play them, like feedback
on eBay or something.
And of course the 360 has a system kind of like that, but what about PS3?
I'm not sure.
I don't know, maybe.
I think there needs to be a way where something can be done a little more immediately.
I mean, I know on Xbox 360, they swear up and down, they do review that stuff, but there's
got to be something a little more instantaneous that can be done.
You know what I mean?
I don't know.
I don't know if you have to pay people.
My God, dude.
It's a person's ass.
It's not like you're scarred for fucking life.
Well, I kind of see it.
That is kind of nasty, like if you're a 12 year old kid, because they're saying it's
not just his butt, but I guess the whole naughty bits were dangling there too, so you know.
Okay, okay.
Yeah.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah, tomorrow they're going to go out and murder people because they've been severely
scarred.
That's right, you better watch your kids now because now they're going to go on a murderous
rage and go and rape and pillage and fucking, the world is over for you and your family.
Might as well, you know, leave the country.
That's all.
Rasteel UT says, PlayStation 3 lets you block people, but there's no rating system for people.
He also says you're overreacting.
Dark Soccer, you're awfully quiet.
What are your thoughts on this?
It's a butt and it's, you know, dangly bits, I guess.
So you're saying, you know what?
Maybe we should just stop being so frickin' sensitive to...
I really think, that said, if people didn't make a big deal out of this crap, then it
wouldn't, you know, be such an issue.
All right.
Well, if you have some feedback, you know I sent us an email, mailbagorangelanatrader.com,
but regardless, you know what?
Thinking about that this guy was so stupid to do this to strangers kind of pisses me
off and makes me a little bit angsty that this guy was such a moron, so it's time to
have the FUs of the week.
I have a few FUs to compile.
My first one goes, of course, to Daylight Savings Time, because I went to bed at 4.30am
and, of course, woke up at 1.30am.
My next one goes towards the guy who was driving the red pickup truck, which, by the way, was
a Ford, and Ford stands for Fix-Off and Repair Daily.
Anyway, I was in the left lane and he was in the right lane, and then he just cut out
in front of me, like, literally with inches to spare to get into the turning lane on the
left side of me, and I was like, dude, where'd you learn how to drive, you know?
Oh, I'm sorry, you did learn how to drive, if you're driving like that.
I hate stupid people who drive.
And also, another FU goes to my cat for throwing up in an inappropriate place.
Sorry to hear it.
Although, she's a cute baby and I forgive her.
Logie!
FU to this guy named Michael T-something or I don't remember his last name, but apparently
I knew enough because we sat there at dinner on Saturday, no, Friday, I'm sorry, and this
guy went on and on and on and on about his fucking life next to us.
Apparently this couple was on their first date or whatever.
I feel sorry for the woman because this guy just went on and on.
Yeah, one time I had a felony, but they cleared it, so it's all good now, and, you know, I
took in my truck because I'm a, what was it, he was a plumbing inspector, and I took in
my truck one time and they gave me a loaner car and it was an undercover cop car, and
so I drove through the ghetto and everyone was like, oh my god, it's the cops, ah!
Went on and on for two hours and he was still talking the entire time.
I don't think the woman got a word in, so, sucks for, don't meet people on MySpace, this
is what happens.
All right, my FUs of the week go to also Daylight Savings Time, I think it's horrible, and losing
sleep sucks, I hate that, and, gosh, I can't really think of a lot else, I think just Daylight
Savings Time makes up the bulk of my FUs this week.
I think it's unnecessary.
It is a necessary FU, because when you lose sleep, there's never a good thing to come
out of that, so, there you have it, our FUs of the week.
I do want to point this out real quick, Toshin is in our Justin TV chat and says that the
whole Dreamcast thing, says it's a scam, and gives me a link to the Neo GAF forums that
isn't loading for me right now, I'm timing out, so I can't read you the full text of
what it says, but apparently, that Dreamcast thing may not be legitimate.
Eh, who cares, I don't really care.
It's a fucking Dreamcast, what are they going to do with my serial number?
I guess that's true, what can they do with the serial number?
Besides maybe send spam, do you have to give me your email address?
I don't know, I haven't signed up, the site's down, so...
Well, maybe it got taken down for being a big scam!
No, there's an error thing, I think it's just too many people are trying to access it at
one time.
Alright.
Well, let's go ahead and get back into some gaming news.
Oh, actually, no, we're going to go and actually check out the mailbag.
Maybe I should pay attention to the schedule once in a while.
Maybe so.
Maybe I should.
Did we get a lot of emails this week?
I didn't see a lot in there earlier.
You know why?
Because Part B got screwed up, and that's where we had the mailbag last time, so I feel
very sorry for all those people who...
Oh, shoot, I moved all those emails out.
That's alright.
No, that's alright.
Just because I read them.
Yeah, because you read them last week, and technically they were on the show, they just
weren't on the podcast, which kind of sucks for those people, so we're very sorry.
You'll have to email us again, or look for The Lost Show or something, I don't know.
But regardless, we are going to open up the mailbag, because we did get at least a couple
emails, right?
A couple.
And that's enough for us to open up the mailbag and jump on in, so fill up the mailbag.
Give Jamie a lot of work to do next week.
Mailbag at orangelandarita.com.
Here we go.
My tongue.
The first email of the week is actually from Cheeseburger asking us to play the intro to
Castlevania 64.
Make me play the intro from a good game and we'll do it.
Uh, well, he actually emailed us, actually, no, I take that back, that wasn't from Cheeseburger,
it was from, god, now I have to go in that folder to find out who it was, because he
emailed us something else, but I can't read half of it on the air, because it involves
finding a broken DS and using their serial number to replace it, and we're not going
to do that.
We're not going to do that, I'm sorry.
Not after the debates we've been in the past couple weeks, I think maybe that email is
best unread.
But also, he's saying something about, do Koopa and Purin exist in Super Smash Bros.
Melee?
I think he means Brawl, basically, he was saying that if you change the language, Bowser
becomes Koopa and Jigglypuff becomes Purin, which were their original names, and then
you can save them that way?
I don't know what you mean, so, sorry, that's the only other email.
And by the way, that one that I lost was from somebody named Jake.
You lost an email?
No, it's, he didn't put a signature on there, the one that I mistakenly gave to Cheeseburger.
Oh.
So.
That's it?
We didn't get any, like, real email.
Weak.
Except some spam that I'm deleting right now that's titled LOL.
And Rob did it!
What's that?
It's titled LOL and you laughed.
LOL.
I did.
LOL.
Loss.
Weak mailbag.
I'm disappointed in all of you, but then again, I blame not having a Part B last week where
we actually had a mailbag to remind you that you can send us emails, so send us emails.
Are you a hardcore gamer?
Yes.
Have you downloaded the hardcore gamer pack yet?
No!
Well then you're not really a hardcore gamer.
Oh my god, how dare you!
Exactly.
On Xbox Live Marketplace, there is a brand new hardcore gamer picture pack, featuring
such wonderful pictures as Proud to be a Noob, Camper, Respawn, a little target symbol, and
T-Bag.
Yes, T-Bag.
Why?
If you really want to buy this, it's only $1.25 and yes, all people will know that you're
truly hardcore if you buy this and display them proudly.
Or I would like to point out that for free, you can download Community Gamer Picks, and
we're in pack number two of the Community Gamer Picks, and there's a little pick that
says OLR, and if you put that on your gamertag, at least we'll know you're hardcore, as will
all the rest of the OLR me.
So don't download this crap.
Don't pay for this.
Yeah, these look really stupid.
SSG100Matt sums up my thoughts exactly.
Why do they need to endorse stupidity that is T-Bagging?
I don't know, maybe we should ask disruptive media publishers.
I think we should!
Do we have a telephone number?
Let's call them right now, I'm sure they're there.
I don't know, let me get on that.
We'll send them an email maybe this week, we'll see.
Are you going to download the Hardcore Gamer Picks, Loki?
No, I'm doing it right now.
Oh wow.
Well, what's pretty hardcore as well is proposing to your significant other over a video game,
but do you know what's really hardcore?
I remember last year we had this story, I think we had a Viva Pinata story, we had an
Animal Crossing story, I want to say, and this time, this is kind of interesting, he
actually made a homebrew version of his significant other's favorite game, which was Bejeweled.
He made a homebrew version of this on the DS, and this guy Bernie, he's actually a user
on Zanga, what he did, he spent a few weeks actually making this Nintendo DS version of
Bejeweled completely from the ground up, and what happens is that once the game gets to
a certain score, the screen clears, and then what would happen is that a ring of the jewels
comes up on the screen, and what he did is that when his girlfriend was playing the game
and then got on the special screen, Bernie actually had a real ring there and proposed.
Everybody, awww.
Sorry, hairball.
But no, that is definitely dedication to build a game to propose to your significant other
with.
hardcore. So, good for you.
That is pretty cool.
I was just going to say, if you would like to email Disruptive Media Publishers and tell
them how crappy those hardcore gamer pics are, you can email them at info at disruptivepublishers.com.
Also have a mailing address on disruptivepublishers.com, so check it out. They're in Bellingham, Washington.
Ossifer in chat suggests, teabag your girlfriend for instant marriage.
They also have a Facebook community, too.
Let her know you're hardcore.
Because all the cool kids are on Facebook, man.
Teabagger. Right, DarkSakura? If Dan teabagged you in Halo, that's love, right?
My silence is my answer.
I'm getting blinked at. Perhaps we should move on, then.
Well, for anyone who's a fan of Undertow, there is an expansion out, but it costs. However,
it is only 200 Microsoft points, as opposed to 400, so if this is a boo-boo, go ahead
and get it, if you care.
Except I should point out the boo-boo has now been fixed. It's still 400 points now.
Aw, poor babies.
At any rate, though, there is some information on an expansion, Path of the Elect. It's five
levels, you have a new alien race called the Elect, wow, and four multiplayer maps, so
there's no other details than that. And, yeah, it's been fixed.
Huh. Well, it was free for, I mean, the game was free for a while, you know, to make up
for Xbox Live outages, although I'm not sure if that's really more of a punishment for
us or for, you know, thank you, I don't really...
I can't say I was an Undertow fan, but, you know, it's hard to bitch when something's
free. It's really hard to complain. Then again, I think about Totem Ball and Yaris, and there's
been some real shit free games on Xbox Live, but then, like, Age's Wing wasn't bad. It
wasn't great, but it wasn't bad. It was no Yaris, come on.
Yeah, so, I don't know. Yaris is unforgivable. I will never buy a Yaris because of that.
And, yeah, they suck.
So, there is a rumor that there's going to be a price cut coming for European Xbox 360s,
and apparently the price cut is supposed to happen on March 14th. It's going to be a price
cut of 50 Euros, and I guess we'll see if this actually happens. It's being reported
by TechRadar, and apparently they got the news of a new SKU. So, numerous well-placed
game industry sources, they said, have confirmed it. And that would bring a price, I guess,
of the 360 to 250 Euros for the arcade pack, and around 100 and... I'm sorry, 250 Euros
for the 360, and then the arcade would be 197 Euros. So, I don't know. Hopefully that
happens, but I guess we'll find out soon if that's the case.
Well, price cuts aren't a bad thing. I mean, I cannot think of a story where we've talked
about a price cut and it was a bad thing. So...
I'm thinking.
I know Loki, the devil's advocate here on the program, trying to think of something.
I'm sure there's the chat as well. Well, you think about that while I report on this. Other
worldly news, Asia is finally going to be getting Guitar Hero. And what's kind of interesting,
Blizzard is actually going to be helping the game actually come to Asia, because you know
how Activision just recently combined with Blizzard? Well, Blizzard has the institutional
expertise to bring Guitar Hero to places like China and Korea. And if you kind of think
about it, Blizzard did launch World of Warcraft.
I know how they're doing it.
They're going to have it where if you play the game well enough, you gain experience
in World of Warcraft on your account.
Who knows? Who knows? Apparently, the Activision CEO Bobby Kotick has also said this. He's
brought up the possibility of maybe putting other instruments in Guitar Hero, which would
be no surprise if you remember our story on DJ Hero's trademark last week.
I've got a totally great idea. This has never been attempted ever before. We're going to
put singing and drums in the game. And guess what? We also may put keyboards. Never been
done before on the face of the Earth. We are the first.
And then we're going to have a turntable and five to seven keys.
They need a Zither Hero.
I still want Satara Hero.
Where are our awards for originality and innovation?
Give me DigiRedo Hero. That's original.
Oh, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
DigiRedo Hero would rock. And you know it.
Anyway, Clarinet Hero.
To continue on, though, with Guitar Hero information, for Guitar Hero 3, in time for St. Patrick's
Day, there is going to be a pack with stuff by Dropkick Murphys, which is pretty cool.
There will be Famous for Nothing, Flanagan's Ball, and Johnny I Hardly Knew Ya. So that's
pretty cool.
And also right now there's a modern metal pack out, though, that has some cool stuff
on it, too.
How very holiday appropriate.
That's an interesting...
I like Dropkick Murphys, but I like Flogging Molly better. And I would have gone with them.
So I was on YouTube looking for DigiRedo clips so I could, you know, hypothesize what DigiRedo
Hero might sound like. Keep in mind I've never heard this, but this says DigiRedo Techno.
This could be horrible.
It's pretty sweet, actually.
That's actually pretty fucking rad.
That is really cool.
Oh my god, this Aboriginal guy on the streets, this is live. He actually has a little techno
thing and he's playing the didgeridoo to this.
I'd buy that.
I would buy that in a heartbeat.
It's fucking sweet.
So hardcore.
That's awesome.
I like that song.
I am going to link that YouTube. Search for it. It's Didgeridoo Techno on YouTube.
That's pretty sweet.
If you know how to spell didgeridoo. D-I-D-G-E-R-I-D-O-O. I'm going to put that in my favorites on YouTube.
I think that was pretty rad. I'll actually put that in the OLR favorites right now. Check
that out. That's pretty awesome.
All right, sorry, we can go back to real gaming news now. I'll stop the didgeridoo.
I'm telling you, man, this guy needs to put out a fucking album.
Seriously.
That's sweet.
Look, we need to get him on the show. I want a new, I mean, with all due respect to Midi
Head and the great OLR theme he made us, he's an awesome guy. I do think it's time to maybe
get a fresh Orange Lounge Radio theme in here and I demand Didgeridoo in the theme.
And Auto Harp.
Somebody needs to make that happen.
That is fucking awesome.
All right. Orange Lounge Radio, wah, wah, wah, sky, dark, soccer, Loki, wah, wah, wah.
Anyway, sorry.
So, Loki, SingStar.
Sorry, I was so distracted by Didgeridoo stuff.
I know. It has that effect on people.
Even though we still haven't gotten it over here yet, there is a second PS3 SingStar on
the way. But, wait, why is there a second SingStar on the way? Because I thought there
was a whole SingStar with tons of songs that you can download from other SingStar games
already.
Well, apparently it's just going to be some new content, hopefully, but apparently Aussie
Retail Systems have noticed a new SKU for SingStar Volume 2, which is apparently due
in June. So, Australia may see another SingStar game, although we over here in the United
States are still waiting for the first SingStar game.
We actually have a clip of one of the new songs from SingStar.
Okay, I promise that's the last time.
The ESRB is taking a little heat this week because one of the ex-employees has come out
and really slammed the ESRB. The guy's name, Jerry Bonner, that's pretty brave to put
your name out there, by the way, when you do this kind of stuff.
He actually was working as a full-time rater person for the ESRB. He worked for six months,
and now he's come out as being critical of the way that the ESRB is doing its job. And
he actually came out and said these are some factors that need changing. He's complaining
that the ESRB needs to actually play the games at rates. Oh, snap, because you know, have
you heard that? That the ESRB actually, the publishers send information to the ESRB, they
don't always play the games. It's kind of, I swear that's how it works. It's very interesting.
I know they can't play it all the way through. Usually they get a clip or a video of like
gameplay footage that's, you know, supposed to be the most violent or, you know, obscene
stuff in the game. And then they make their ratings based on that.
Which is why, you know, things like Hot Coffee were so controversial, because that was omitted.
But I mean, we're not going to go over that whole thing again. But anyhow, here's the
other big thing. The guy also says that sequels are not judged on their own merits, but rather
the merits of the games before it.
Okay, that's stupid.
That is crazy. Here's some of the bullet points from what this guy suggests should be changed.
Drop the AO rating and add a new rating that's called T16, presumably for 16 years and up.
Play through the games all the way. Stop rating sequels according to the content and their
predecessors and be more open and don't be so secretive. And if it's true, that's going
to be a huge kick in the face, if like a lot of this is true.
Well, they've already come out and said, oh, well, blah, blah, blah. You know, we don't
support his views and all that stuff. And we're the ESRB. We're awesome. You know, that
kind of thing.
Those sound like fair requests to me, though. I don't know if it's just me, but it sounds
very fair to me. What do you think about those revelations, Dark Sakura? I mean, is this
going to...
Not at all surprised?
Yeah, but I mean, you know, we kind of rely on the ESRB as gamers when we kind of, you
know, when these games come out and all these horrible things happen. Like, take the butt
story from Burnout earlier. We go, well, the ESRB did say the rating is subject to change.
But if the ESRB gets discredited with stuff like this, this really screws us in a way.
I don't know. It's kind of sad.
It's a... I honestly think it's a sort of a corrupt institution anyway.
Ross Steele UT has said that Patricia Vance has already come out and denied it. Well,
that seems like a given, though. So, I mean, it is kind of a qua... You know, obviously
take it as a rumor for now, but it certainly is a question. I have heard from, you know,
inside folks, and I'm pretty sure it's out there on the internet also, that ESRB doesn't
necessarily play through the games. They will rate based on stuff that you send them. So,
kind of interesting. And I remember overhearing at a trade show once about people, and I think
you were there too, Loki. I don't know if you ever heard this same conversation, but
about how a particular game I'm thinking of, a particular game with... I don't even want
to say, because I don't want people to speculate, but a particular game, I heard the two developers
kind of... The developer joking with another really big industry press person about how
they got this through the ESRB with a particular rating. I just was kind of shocked to hear
that kind of talk. So, interesting. Anyhow.
Well, there... You know, just to move away from the ESRB and how crappy they are.
Let's.
Yes. Skype is actually coming out on Japanese PSPs this month.
Woohoo!
So, it will be on March 18th, and it's only, of course, for the slim PSP, the newer one,
and it's supposed to be a month later over here in the US. Also, the microphone attachment
is going to be 2,500 yen, or two for 4,000.
Hmm.
So, that's not bad.
Not bad at all.
I'm glad that Japanese PSP users will get to use this. Good call.
And then we'll be able to do it a month later.
We already have it. We got our first call last week on the Skype line from a Skype PSP
user.
Huh.
Gran Turismo 5 Prologue is going to be due out here next month, and they have released
the full list of cars and tracks that are going to be included in that. Tons of different
stuff you can pick from, I believe, was it, I want to say like 65 cars and 6 tracks, including
the Suzuka Circuit, the Eiger Nordwand, Fuji Speedway, London City Track, Daytona International
Speedway, and the High Speed Ring, and a bunch of different cars. I don't even know what
to even cover on that, but lots of stuff to keep you satisfied until the full game comes
out.
Also, it's going to have a brand new drift mode for the US version, as well as the ability
to fine tune your car, and two player split screen racing, and I guess a new set of events.
Not bad for 40 bucks.
So that's not just Prologue, that's the full game, right?
No, that's Prologue.
Oh, that's just Prologue.
Yeah.
Okay. What was I going to say? Seems a little weak for the full game. Alright. That's cool.
Well, if racing isn't your thing, maybe cheering is. Yay! There is a new cheering game coming
out for the Wii and the DS. It's called All Star Cheer Squad, and it's coming to you from
THQ. It's going to be again for the Wii and the DS, and if you're on the Wii, get this,
you get to use the balance board. So you won't just be cheering with your, you can cheer
with your feet and everything. Won't this be fun?
And here's the thing, the game is actually, just to give it authenticity, it's choreographed
by Tony Gee, who also choreographed the movie Bring It On. So that actually, you know, I
have to admit, it actually sounds kind of fun. Doesn't the All Star Cheer Squad sound
just slightly fun, Dark Sakura?
Slightly.
Like to play once?
It sounds as much fun as going to the dentist. Although my dentist is pretty cool.
Do you know how much money I would pay for a YouTube of Loki playing All Star Cheer Squad?
There's no money in the world.
Maybe that'll be the next bet. Whenever we find another bet for Loki to take on, we'll
get him to play All Star Cheer Squad in the Tingle outfit.
We need to make this happen somehow. We will be opening the Skype line after this next
story. 1-877-GAME-OLR, or our username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. Go ahead and give
us a call after this story.
Well, for people who were fans of the Castlevania series and collect action figures, it doesn't
look like we're going to really be getting the new figures that they were discussing.
I mean, basically, they were asked if there were going to be any more in that Castlevania
line and it was reported that there were no plans at all and no news on Castlevania figures
and that they will not be revisiting the license.
Well that's kind of a bummer.
I want a Richter figure, dang it.
Richter.
If you're going to say it, you have to say it right.
Skype line is open. 1-877-GAME-OLR. Your username on Skype is OrangeLoungeRadio. While we're
waiting for some calls, how about some last minute stories? Do you have anything for us
tonight, Loki?
Actually, I don't.
What? We've actually covered everything?
Well, I mean, I'm sure there's some other stuff.
Well, thank God a call's coming in. Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Hi, this is Ross Steel UT. Let me turn the speakers down. Sorry about that.
No, that's all right. What's on your mind, Ross Steel UT?
Not much. I want to talk about the whole thing with the guy whose 360 got wiped clean.
Yeah, and then Bungie actually had to fix it and all that stuff. What's your thoughts
on that?
Well, much love to Bungie, but where the fuck is Microsoft? They said they were going to
help the guy, and then we haven't heard from them since.
But isn't Bungie like it? No, because they split. I keep wanting to say, oh, but Bungie
is a person.
Well, they split, but it still wasn't Bungie's fault. That's the thing. This isn't some sort
of little casual accident, because from what I understand, the console was marked as permanent
marker. Whoever did this had to really get in there, you know what I mean?
I always thought that they just gave the console a different shell, but I guess it was actually
real.
Actually, if you go to Hard and McBloggy, let me put a link. They show a picture of the
console in question, and you'll still see a few little smudge marks. So that is the
console. They just got to work cleaning it off.
That is so weird.
I think they all go through some sort of power wash.
Like a high pressure wash.
Oh, to make your Xbox look new again?
Yeah.
Basically, yeah.
That's interesting. I wonder if... Oh, my gosh. Oh, yeah, and you can see. Oh, thanks
for the link to the blog. That's interesting. You can totally see how some of the ink is
just rubbed off. So that's how you might put your ring or something. I'm thinking last
weekend I watched my friend get her engagement ring washed, and they have a machine that
does it, make it look new again. It's kind of that type of thing. Make your Xbox 360
look new again.
That's weird.
Yeah. I mean, don't get me wrong. I'm not surprised by Microsoft having incompetent
tech support. I had my 360 sent in early November, and I got a refurb, and it took me four
months to finally get my XBLA games revalidated to the console. Needless to say, I'm never
buying anything off the marketplace again.
That is a big mess. When I sent my Xbox 360 back, thankfully, I only had two arcade games
purchased at the time, and they're not ones I play super... Well, I take that back. Joust
was one. I haven't played that in a while, but Geometry Wars was the other. Thankfully,
I haven't had much issues, because since it is tied to your Xbox Live name, it recognizes
me and all that stuff, and it lets me play the full version, but I do have to wait a
couple seconds. Obviously, I'm not going to get frustrated over a couple seconds, but
I'm just thinking I've heard of other people who've lost a lot more than two arcade games,
and it's just a pain in the ass.
Well, the problem with XBLA is that you cannot play your stuff offline if you do a refurb.
You have to be online at all times. A couple of days ago, my internet was on the first
time I couldn't do that, so there goes Geometry Wars, there goes Symphony of the Night, Contra,
a few others.
Is this true? Darktitsuya points out that this isn't just a Microsoft thing. He says
in chat, it's the same with Virtual Console. When I got my Wii back, I had to redownload
them, but they didn't cost extra. They were free to replace. Well, that's not so bad.
At least it worked, then.
Well, yeah. At least you can use them without being online. That's the important thing.
I guess that's true.
I mean, if I got to download it again, sure, whatever. But this just struck me as an especially
evil thing to do to somebody, because there's no reason to do that, especially as the guy
said, hey, I don't want my thing cleaned.
I would understand. If Microsoft did this whole power wash thing, I could understand
how they might miss the special request and just everything goes on the assembly line.
They don't pay really any attention to it. It's fix, line, fix. But I think Microsoft
should at least come out and let us know publicly that that's what happened, like I do.
Because Microsoft is so out there in the community. They worked really hard. They have, what,
Gamerscore Blog, Major Nelson, and all these people. I'm sure these people are aware of
this negative story being out there on the blog. So I really think Microsoft will say
something about it eventually and kind of admit, oops, my bad.
The problem is that Microsoft, for everything they do in the community, there's a million
horror stories. There's the alarming amount of red rings. There's the nightmare with getting
your stuff validated on your console so you can use it offline again. And then there's
this. It really makes you wonder if the left hand even knows what the right hand is doing.
What do you want to bet, though? I mean, all that aside, what do you want to bet, though,
the reason why Bungie did this for this guy is that somebody at Microsoft saw this story
on the blogs, their community outreach people, and made a phone call.
Oh, I'm sure they were like, yeah, could you help us out here?
Yeah, exactly. We fucked up. Can you save our ass? It happens. It happens.
Anyway, on better Microsoft news, the Financial Times is reporting that Microsoft might be
considering more Blu-ray support. Some people have even speculated a Blu-ray draw for the
360.
I have heard about that, that Microsoft is supposedly in talks with Sony about the whole
Blu-ray add-on, which is a very strange kind of marriage, but I guess one step that Microsoft
might have to make at this point.
Well, might have to make. They do have to make.
Well, do they?
You have to understand the majority of people on a console at the end aren't going to be
online, so you're going to have to have the sort of offline option.
How come the Wii doesn't have to do it?
Because the Wii is not being marketed as a media center. We've had this conversation
before. It's being marketed on, oh, look at the cute little novelty controller.
As you start adding in the forecast channel, the news channel, the TV Guide channel, all
this other stuff, it's a different type of center of sorts.
I don't know. I just don't see the marketing in the sort of multimedia center of the home
thing.
I agree with Frisbee. I don't need it to be, but it's also Microsoft.
The only thing that might stop this is that Microsoft doesn't want to be seen as admitting
picking a losing side, that they pretty much had to give away those HD DVD add-ons, which
I thought was funny.
You know what? I've got to wrap up so we can get some other calls, but here's the thing.
I would kind of close on this. I would bet that Microsoft doesn't end up doing it, and
they'll just build it into their next system.
That's my guess. I mean, I would imagine both the 720 and the PS4 would be Blu-ray.
Right. Well, we're probably years off from both, but I think you're right. I think if
they do talk to them about Blu-ray, I think it'll wait until the next Xbox system.
We've got to let you go, Rasteel, because we've got to get some other calls, but thanks
so much for your call. Have a good one.
All right. Have a good one.
Take care, buddy.
Bye.
If you want to give us a call, 1-877-GAME-OLR, username on Skype, OrangeLoungeRadio. That
call was seven minutes. I tried to limit him to about four.
Hi, you're on OrangeLoungeRadio. Who's this?
Yo, it's Xenocore from the Ultimate Quest. How you doing?
Xenocore from Ultimate Quest. How are things doing on the Ultimate Quest, Xenocore?
Well, we've been sort of hectic considering we've been on and off on our weekends, mainly
because I went to Megacon this last weekend up in Orlando. Yeah, doing a little bit of
coverage here and there. My first one, actually, had just popped my contrary on Megacon.
Check that out. What's the website again for folks who want to check out that?
Well, for the convention or for our show?
For the show.
Oh, well, the show is at UltimateQuest.net. You may hear about something on it last week
since I missed a recording. I didn't get back till late this evening. But, yeah, man, Megacon
was something else, my goodness.
Is that what you called in to talk about tonight was Megacon? What's up?
Well, yeah, I mean, on top of that, they had the first Smash Brothers tournament I happened
to catch, which is kind of interesting. But, yeah, the cosplayers, man, I wasn't ready
for that level of dedication at all.
Dude, there's some cosplayers that are so good at what they do. It is astounding. That's
love right there. What were some of the cool cosplays you saw, Xenocore?
Well, I got to mention this one that stood out for everything. A 14-year-old girl doing
the Mighty Edward from Cowboy Bebop in character all three days. Laptop on her head the entire
time.
Wow.
It was impressive. Yeah.
I thought I was cool when I went as a black mage, even though I borrowed the costume from
Rama.
I got a question for you about role-playing games.
Already?
Have you played Lost Odyssey?
We on our show did not. Henderson, man, actually spoke up for the show to review that one.
I haven't grabbed it yet.
I'm just kind of curious, because I know you guys kind of specialize in the role-playing
games. I'm kind of curious, and maybe I'll have to wait until you guys take a few trips.
I'm kind of curious of your general thoughts on the game, because the critics overall kind
of dogged it a little bit, but I'm in love with it. I think it's a fantastic game.
The main thing that caught my attention is something Henderson mentioned. You can't outlevel
the bosses in Lost Odyssey. The bosses level according to what level you are, so the bosses
are always different.
Not really. No wonder there's such pains in the ass.
Not really. They don't level, as far as I'm aware.
They don't level?
No, because there's actually some guides out there, the Prima guides and stuff, that tell
you what level you should be at to play the boss. If you would have to grind a little
bit, you can't just go from one boss to the next.
Is it maybe because even though the bosses level up, you get more skills, so it makes
it easier regardless? That could be my thought, is that maybe, yeah, the bosses are leveling
up, but since you get more skills, you get power on them that way, if that makes sense.
Because a large part of the game is skills.
Everything I've gotten so far is based on Henderson Man's review.
I will be playing it myself sooner or later as soon as the budget allows for it, but until
then I can only go by word of mouth, pretty much.
Well, I didn't mean to put you on the spot, Xenocore. I just had to ask, because it's
been a large part of my gaming time lately. What else did you call in to talk about it?
Anything else?
Well, mainly it was just that, that I happened to come across my first con and decided to
share it with some fellow con lovers.
It's been a while since I've been to a con, but definitely we have Fandame coming up in
May or June, right? When's Fandame? Is it Memorial Day weekend, Fandame?
I think it is.
Yeah, but I'm probably not going this year.
Oh, is it the same time as your road trip? Oh. Oh. So, oh, well that's a bummer, because
we always do our show there. But, let's see, well there's other cons coming up, and I still
want to go to that one in Chicago, ASIN, is that it?
I really want to go to ASIN.
We'll see, we'll see.
And I have information on that too, later.
Okay. Later then. Later it is.
Xenocore, anything else before I let you go?
Just pretty much that, that and the largest Yuri Yowie argument I've ever heard in my
entire life.
No, jeez.
Other than that, that was fine.
Some things you can never escape, but cons.
All right, let's go to YowieCon, the whole thing is an argument.
All right, well Xenocore, thanks so much for your call, and have a good one, and good luck
with your own show, all right?
All right, take it easy, guys.
You too, bye-bye.
What exactly is the Yuri Yowie argument?
Well, hold on, I'm going to ask our next caller.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio, who's this?
Hey, I'm the family jam sessions, what's up?
I don't care who it is.
I want to ask you, DJ Rom S, I want to ask you, what is the Yuri Yowie argument?
Oh, man.
What exactly is the Yuri Yowie argument?
You got these fangirls who argue about what's better, Yuri or Yowie.
They run around with these paddles, they will start smacking you with them if you do not
agree with them.
This is true, that's why I said going to YowieCon is like a whole argument in and of itself.
My friend, my other friend Jasmine, she has this priestess outfit, she walks around with
an anti-Yowie paper fan that she smacks people with.
That is nothing short of amazing, I don't know how else to describe it, but they yell
at each other, this sounds like stupid fun, but they actually get upset over this.
They really do think they're going to beat it into you to like Yowie.
Some of them do, I mean a couple of years back at Animazement, we had this line of people
on one side, you had the ninjas, you had on the other side the pirates, we were shouting
back and forth, ninjas were better or pirates were better, got to the point where staff
had to break us all up, and then maybe about an hour later, we started a conga line singing
ninja rap all throughout the entire convention area.
Cons are so weird.
The funny thing about Anime Expo every year is that wherever they schedule it, they also
schedule some sort of religious convention, so you get the people preaching to the cosplayers
in line, and one year a bunch of us just started completely telling them off in various other
languages that weren't necessarily Japanese.
I know a lot of people that would pay a lot of money to see women beat each other up with
battles.
So you can get this all for free at your local anime convention?
Pretty much, and Jamie, there is a voice actor, his name is Vic, he's like a born-again Christian,
he's the voice of Ed from FMA, at Anime Conza, he has like a panel of Sunday morning service
for con-goers to come and arrive for service.
That's kinda cool.
That's kinda neat.
I've seen that happen at various conventions.
For people that want to do that, why not?
Why not?
Definitely.
Here's another quote that I love from RossioUT in chat, it says, this is different from console
fanboys.
How?
Xbox!
PlayStation!
Xbox!
PlayStation!
Wii!
I don't know about you guys, but I'd rather see a bunch of girls in cute outfits screaming
yaoi vs yuri than a bunch of fanboys shouting what console is better, you know?
I'd have to agree with you there.
Yeah.
Alright, Rama, anything else you want to share with the listeners tonight?
A couple of things.
Yeah.
The 360 with the missing autographs, if it was me, I would have bit the bullet and bought
a new console.
What?
I would have done the same thing.
Yeah, that's exactly what I would have done.
But even, but they gave him back, the problem wasn't that he didn't have a working console,
I don't get it.
I wouldn't have left that to fate.
I would not have put something that valuable in the hands of other people.
I get it.
I get it.
So you would never have sent the console in to be repaired in the first place?
Exactly.
Okay, okay.
That's fair.
And Rob?
Yep.
I used to be a member of Prodigy as well.
What was your username?
Do you remember?
I think it was Ronmecoon76 or something like that.
That's not old school.
That's not old school.
You don't have the random letters and numbers?
No, no, no, see, I got into Prodigy during the age of Windows and stuff like that.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
That's what I got on.
Oh, no, no, no.
I had Prodigy.
You go way old school, yeah.
I had DOS-based Prodigy, HWPD42B.
I remember Radio Shack stores had Prodigy set up for people who were free to try out
and stuff.
Yep.
That's how we found out about it the first time.
And you know what happened to Prodigy, right?
Then they get absolved into, basically they're like an ISP now, aren't they?
Or they're a part of Yahoo, aren't they?
Not really.
They're like the red-headed bastard stepchild of AT&T.
Like about one or two years ago, they were trying to sell off the name and everybody,
the whole thing, to the highest bidder, and they're still trying to do that.
Well, they got their asses handed to them by AOL, which is kind of sad because Prodigy
was really rad for a couple of years when they were the only ones that had that DOS
thing.
That was awesome.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
All right, DJ Romans, we got to let you go, but thanks so much for the call.
It's fun as always.
One more thing.
One more thing.
I promise I'm not here.
Hurry.
You'll never guess what my first game console was.
What?
ColecoVision Adam.
Which is ironic if people know you very well.
Mm-hmm.
I'll see you guys later.
Take care, Rama.
All right.
Bye.
Or should I say ColecoVision?
All right.
ColecoMan!
If you want to give us a call, we'll take one more call.
Maristia2877 specialize.
My name's Maristia2877.
Our user name on Skype is OrangeloungeRadio.
Meanwhile, I did actually get a last-minute news story from somebody.
Where is it?
Here it is.
Is the video game industry recession-proof, a story that was run on MSN?
Video game companies think that they might be able to survive the slowing down of the
economy.
Apparently, video games have defied the sagging retail sales figures of December 2007.
Nintendo actually talked to CNBC, specifically Reggie Fils-Aime, said that his company in
particular was weathering the coming storm and that video games seem to do well in tougher
economic times.
Well, come on, if you're a Nintendo Wii right now, you're one of the few people that's doing
very well, right?
It's interesting, his MSNBC story kind of gets into talking about the history and all
this other stuff as well, so check that out if you want to.
Meantime, we have another call.
I was going to say I have a couple of last-minute stories after this.
We'll get to those right after this call.
Hi, you're on Orange Laundry Radio, who's this?
Hi, this is Ospurr.
Ospurr, what's on your mind?
I always horribly mispronounce your name, apparently.
I always say Ospurr like I'm drunk talking to the policeman, but it's Ospurr.
It's Ospurr, so my bad.
So what's on your mind, Ospurr?
That's all right.
It's just pretty interesting with the whole yaoi-yuri argument, and I'm actually going
to be going to my first convention in May, so I'll be sure to look out for that.
You know what, yeah, just avoid the women that have the yaoi-yuri paddles unless you're
into that.
Watch out for the free hugs.
You don't know if they've been tested.
Yeah, if somebody's wearing a glomp sign, run the other way.
I want to experience full on, so I'm actually going to go run towards them for the heck
of it.
Okay, don't say we didn't warn you, bud.
Rama wants to know what con it is.
I think it's Anime Central.
It's in Illinois.
That's ASEN.
That's the one that we're wanting to go to.
Yeah, we're thinking about going.
That's a big one.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
Yeah.
We'll see.
I don't know.
It's probably too late to get a panel on that and all that stuff.
We'll see.
Not necessarily.
Hmm.
Maybe we might have to make that happen.
If not, we could always do the OLR hospitality suite or something silly.
I don't know.
We'll think of something.
Yeah.
Yeah, we're still plotting.
I don't know.
If it doesn't happen this year, then for sure next year, because we definitely want to make
ASEN a goal of ours.
We know we have a lot of folks in the Midwest that want to meet us, and I want to meet them.
So we'll see.
We'll see.
Well, good luck at that con.
Anything else you wanted to talk to us about tonight?
Just been playing lots of Brawl.
What are your thoughts on Brawl?
Did they get it right?
Was it worth the wait?
Yeah, I'd say it's definitely worth the wait, but really my only frustration is with the
online play.
So I just can't freaking connect and play against anyone.
Is your Wii far away from your Wi-Fi router?
No, it's only like 10 feet away from it.
Oh, weird.
You know, I did play online.
I haven't gotten the friends thing to work.
I'm going to try tonight after the show.
But I have heard, or I did play the random people one, which is a little silly because
it's just like playing the computer pretty much, except you know somebody real is controlling
it.
But it wasn't bad.
It was relatively lag-free, so I was pretty excited.
Oh yeah, I just kept on getting error codes and it would just cut me out saying the transmission
has ended or something like that.
I was just like, what the heck?
But I haven't actually tried doing it through friend codes, so I don't know, maybe that'll
work better.
Who knows?
All right, well anything else on your mind tonight, Ospher?
No, that's about it.
All right, well thanks so much for the phone call.
You have a good week, and try to take that Smash Brothers in limitation.
Don't OD on it, okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
Take care, buddy.
All right, see ya.
All right.
That's going to do it for tonight's Skypline.
Thank you guys so much for your calls, and if you didn't get through tonight, don't worry,
there's always next week.
Or you can always leave us a voicemail.
We do play the voicemails once in a while.
I know we didn't play them tonight, but we'll probably get to some more next week.
1-877-GAME-OLR whenever we're not live.
So you said you had some last minute stories, Lucky?
Yes, real quick here.
There's two things.
At show Dexter, you may have heard about, they're actually now starting to replay it
on CVS, but it's about a serial killer who, instead of going around killing other people,
he goes around killing serial killers.
So they kind of fight his urge.
It's currently running Showtime, and apparently they're making a game from it.
So that's kind of interesting.
The other thing is the game Turning Point.
Apparently the reviews haven't been too good for it, and according to Turning Point's CEO
of the company Spark Unlimited, he's quoted that Turning Point is too high concept for
reviewers.
It wasn't for the critics, apparently.
It was more, I guess, a game that was never meant for core gamers, or is meant for those
who aren't wanting to look at a game with a critical eye, I guess.
So he's basically saying that the game reviewers don't know how to review his game, because
it was supposed to be crappy, I guess.
I don't know.
All right.
I know his next game that they're doing, was it Legendary?
That one that's by Gamecock, I guess?
Legendary the Box?
But now it's just Legendary.
Who knows?
All right.
Well that is going to do it, I guess, for tonight's Last Minute Stories.
That's it for now.
All right.
So that's going to bring us to an end of another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning in to us tonight and supporting independent radio.
You guys are awesome.
I want to go around first and get everybody's final thoughts, and then actually we're breaking
form a little bit tonight.
I have one more story that's very important that we want to do at the very, very end.
We're going to go around first and get everybody's final thoughts, Loki.
My final thought is I want to finish Space Emissary Mode this week, and god damn it,
I wish my 360, the other one I'm fixing, fucking works, because it's three-ringed and been
fixed and three-ringed and sort of been fixed for weeks now.
Now it's three-ringed right now, so I have to heat it up again, and I think it's just
broken.
But I've done so many mods to it that I kind of want it to be fixed, because it'll look
like a Frankenstein's monster when I'm done.
This is a long-ass final thought.
It's a final muse.
It's a final rant.
I'm just messing with you, Loki.
This show just wouldn't be the same without you.
You know it.
My final thought is I cannot wait for Wii Fit.
I really can't.
I think it's going to be very interesting.
Dark Soccer, your final thought?
Say no to bullshit.
Really good final thought.
Appreciate that.
We are going to close tonight on this, and I hate to end the show on such a downer, but
it is very important to acknowledge, and I'm sure if you have an internet connection, you've
heard about it this week, we have to acknowledge the passing of Gary Gygax, which happened
this week.
You might not know the name, but you definitely know the legacy he left behind.
He was the co-creator of Dungeons & Dragons and TSR, and let's face it, without Dungeons
& Dragons, you would not have role-playing games like you have today.
Think about all the games that were inspired by Dungeons & Dragons.
I'm talking about everything from old school games like Ultima and the actual Dungeons
& Dragons games that were on the Apple IIe and all that, and to everything that we have
new today.
The Final Fantasies of the World, the Warcrafts, and if you've actually played D&D, there actually
are a lot of similarities between a huge game like World of Warcraft and this.
Unfortunately, he did pass away this week at the age of 69.
We do want to acknowledge the importance that this man had on the gaming industry, and certainly
we not only want to dedicate everything we've done tonight to his memory, but we thought
we'd close a little bit, again kind of breaking for him a little bit.
We thought we'd close tonight with a song, because moments of silence are kind of awkward
on podcasts, so we thought we'd instead play a song, and this song is from a game that
was definitely, you could say, directly inspired by Dungeons & Dragons.
It's the theme to Neverwinter Nights, and while we play this song, just maybe tip your
hat, bow your head, say some final words for Gary Gygax, the creator of Dungeons & Dragons
who passed this week at the age of 69.
Gary Gygax, the creator of Dungeons & Dragons who passed this week at the age of 69.
We'll see you next week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is an Orange Lounge production.
For more information on our live and podcast programs, visit our website at www.orangeloungeradio.com.
See you next week.
