Tonight, March 2nd, 2008, Metal Gear Solid 4 gets dated and bundled, Mario Kart Wii also gets a date and online texting, and could the game Road Rash be making a comeback?
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always, say hello to the one and only Dark Sakura.
Hi.
How are you, Miss Dark Sakura?
I'm well.
You're well.
That's good.
Yes, I'm well.
You're well.
All right.
I'm hoping in a few seconds here you'll be doing really well.
I'll explain why momentarily.
Okay.
But first I have to introduce the one and only Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
Good.
All right.
Sorry, I don't have anything extra for you tonight.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
And you ran it to the old router, and then you're taking the MacBook and Jamie's and going wireless to that.
So it's bouncing wireless to the router, to my laptop, wireless to the other router.
So right now, Jamie's computer in the Justin TV cam, which is back this week, hi guys, is going through this router that goes through Loki's computer that goes to the router in the house, which goes to Comcast and the internet.
Yeah.
Amazing.
This is Uber Geek Tech Talk here on Orange Lounge Radio.
It's like a wireless orgy.
All right.
And now we're going to turn into the Oprah show for a minute because we're going to do a giveaway here on the program.
I have something for Jamie, and it's actually her birthday present, and it's like six weeks early.
What?
Yes, I'm giving you your birthday present six weeks early because it's something you have to prepare for.
Okay.
So I'm going to give this to you.
Plus, I know that you were having a bit of a poopy week, so I think this is a good time for me to give this to you.
Okay.
So here you go.
E!
E!
That's like close.
That's third row.
Third row tickets.
So quite excited.
Yay.
Oh my God, where is this?
Davis.
Really?
So it's not that far at all.
Cool.
There we have it.
So mark that date on your calendar.
It's May something something.
I'm doing that right now.
All right.
Happy, happy, happy.
There you go.
So I thought that would help after a poopy week.
And my worst fear was that you were going to plan something else.
So I knew I had to tell you.
Or get tickets independently somehow.
I didn't even know.
I didn't either.
I got an email about it.
So there you go.
And I know Jamie loves the Margaret show and I do too.
She's pretty funny.
Hopefully she's not quite so political.
I liked it better when she was dicking fart jokes.
But, you know, she's still somebody I like.
Yes, me and you.
Cool.
All right.
There should be two there.
I was like, okay.
I thought so because I was like, why, okay.
No, you have to take me.
I'm sorry.
Of course.
Of course.
No, this is so cool.
Thank you, Rob.
All right.
You're welcome.
Now we can get to talking about video games, yes?
Yeah.
All right.
So we're done with Tech Talk.
We're done with Oprah.
Now let's talk video games.
How was your gaming week, Dark Sakura?
My gaming week was...
Well, it was interesting because I almost put in Kingdom Hearts 2.
I picked it up and then I had other stuff to do because I watched Tron earlier in the week.
I was like, I love Tron.
I want to play Kingdom Hearts because of the whole Space Paranoids level.
And there was a lot of burnout and I watched Dan play a lot of burnout and I played a lot of Ragnarok.
That was it.
Alright.
Well, Loki, how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was okay.
I played, I actually picked up Poptapon, and I've been playing quite a bit of that.
In fact, that's what I was playing before the show.
It's fun.
It's different.
I like it.
I don't know.
It's very easy to play, but I guess it takes some time to build up your armies and stuff.
Then I played and actually purchased N Plus on Xbox Live Arcade, and that game's just as fun as the original N, so thoroughly enjoying that.
And I actually played a little bit of Frogger this week because we were having this party we have at the end of every month for our work, and this one happened to be leap year themed, and so they wanted Frogger, and they used my system to play Frogger, so I got to play some of that because no one else was touching it.
And then, um... I've been playing a lot of Lost Odyssey.
So, that's actually pretty cool.
I finally got to the point in the game where one of the characters dies.
You know, not necessarily a main character, but I was just very surprised on how, you know, everyone makes that argument of, like, video games being art and stuff.
Well, shit, I think there's a perfect example right there of how powerful they can make the story.
And it was pretty cool.
Um... So...
I'm about 11 hours into it now.
Still on the first disc, though.
And just taking my time through that.
And pretty much that's it, I guess, other than, you know, the usual Saints Row.
But no one wants to hear about that.
For the five billionth time?
Yeah.
All right.
Well, let's see, my gaming week, I also played Lost Odyssey, and I had much of the same experience as you did.
I got to the second disc, which means you kind of go through some big plot twists in the first event, or first disc, let's put it that way.
And I'm amazed by the game, and I'm still amazed that the game is getting as much flack as it has been.
Although, you know, I do understand some of the little complaints about the game, and even one of them I find to be kind of annoying, and that is lack of save points.
Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
And so I'm kind of stuck there for an hour before I get to the save point.
I don't know.
It auto-saves, too, for some things.
Some things.
There are checkpoints, I guess.
Yeah, but not a lot.
I haven't had that problem with save points, but I don't know.
What do you think about the difficulty of the game?
It's not that difficult.
Some of the boss battles were surprisingly tough.
If you grind some of the way through there, because a lot of this game seems like it's very quick.
There's certain areas in the game where there's two or three sections of the map and then that's it.
And then you're on to the next section of the world or whatever.
It's very small.
But, I don't know, it wasn't that difficult.
You just grind a little bit and get your characters leveled up and
and it's pretty easy.
Also, I have the pre-order bonus so I have an item that gives me level 2 guard or whatever so I can block most of the shots and it does zero damage to me.
Nice, I don't have that.
That was something you got for pre-order, huh?
Yeah.
Hopefully they release that as a download thing later.
It'll probably come later on.
Let's go over to the chat room, because we always have the chat room has their own comments.
Chat.OrangeLawnTrader.com.
RawSteelUT says, it only sucks when you die an hour without a save.
Kind of true, but there's also some things where you go through cutscene, cutscene, cutscene, and then you have to fight a big boss battle.
So, I mean, I know you can skip cutscenes, but even then, sometimes you have to sit there, because some of the cutscenes are rendered with the game engine, so you have to kind of sit there and press A, A, A, A, A, A. You can also, you can pause it.
and HitTheBackButton for the cutscenes.
But what about the ones where they're actually talking to each other with the dialogue boxes?
You have to A-A-A.
I don't know.
Oh well, it doesn't matter.
It's honestly just a tiny little blemish in what is otherwise a magnificent game that deserves to be getting more attention than it is.
As far as other games I've been playing this week, I have been playing Super Smash Bros.
Brawl because I was...
Thank you for watching!
Obviously, last week I was sick on the show, and I'm happy to report I'm better.
I did have a sinus infection, so I had to go to a doctor and antibiotics and blah, blah, blah.
But Loki lent me that as kind of like a get-better-soon type thing, which was very nice.
He said I did end up playing Lost Odyssey most of the time.
I didn't actually hook that thing up until, like, Friday.
That's exactly why I loaned it to you, because this is exactly what I'm doing.
I'm not playing Smash Bros.
Well, I mean, even before Smash Bros.
Brawl, I never played Melee very much.
Maybe once at a friend's house, you know, and
The first Smash Bros.
I didn't even touch.
So, I don't know.
It's not really my type of game.
It's fun, but, you know.
I may pick up the US one.
I haven't decided yet if I want to do that or not.
Gerardimo in chat says, Rob, do you think Brawl lives up to the hype even if it's not in English?
Kind of.
It's hard to tell.
I don't feel right giving a fair review on a Japanese game when I don't understand how to get into some of the modes and look at the extra stuff.
It does.
Loki has no problem answering that.
The parts I've seen so far feel like
Smash Brothers Melee 1.5 a little bit because it's like the same kind of engine, the same stuff with just some new characters but I realize that's not being totally fair in saying that because I haven't looked at everything outside of just the brawling but it does seem like there's a lot of the stuff they just copied right on over from the GameCube version so very interesting Frisbee says Halo 3 feels like Halo 2.5 it's a little bit that I don't know how to say it but that's what it is
So that was my gaming week.
So if that's everybody's gaming week, then we will move on to talking about some news, but first some housekeeping, of which we have nothing special of note.
What's that?
We do have something special of note.
What's that?
The award contest thing that's going on through all games.
That's like three months old.
I can't believe you just saw that.
I did just see that.
Hey, I don't read, you know.
I didn't even notice it.
It's all games which our show runs on.
We syndicate on their network.
They play us Monday nights at, I want to say, 5 o'clock Pacific or 5.30 Pacific.
It kind of bounces around a little bit.
And then Tuesday mornings at 9 a.m.
I don't think... No, no, because they do their regular all-game show at 10 now.
So I don't even know what time we run Tuesday mornings.
But I know our show is syndicated on their network, Mondays and Tuesdays, supposedly.
And we were nominated for Awards Are Hard as...
and Tiger Claw says Sky they still haven't announced the winners so I guess it is ongoing for three months now
So, and TigerClaw, I know, listens to all games like every other day or every day, so I know he would know what's up.
I don't know.
I voted for us, so.
Well, I appreciate the support, I guess, for yourself.
I mentioned that I was going to vote for Bobby, but he bought a knife judgment and I can't support that kind of behavior, so.
That's most unfortunate.
Yeah, it is unfortunate.
He also dropped out of the race.
Oh, did he?
As of, like, yesterday, so.
Didn't want to play that game, huh?
I guess.
All right.
Well, if you want to throw us a vote, it's over on forums.allgames.com.
I will plug the other stuff I know we always got.
We have our live journal community at Orange Lounge, our MySpace at Orange Lounge Radio, and our Facebook is the OLR.
Be sure to look us up on our social networking sites.
Meet other OLR listeners.
Look at our posts and clips of the show we have on some of those places like MySpace.
Tons of fun.
All right.
Let's get into the gaming news.
Loki, take it away.
Okay, so there was a lot of stuff coming out this week from Destination, PlayStation, the retail-only conference thing or whatever.
I couldn't go, but other people from my company did.
Bastards.
And, of course, you know, some of the news that leaked out.
Metal Gear Solid 4 has a date, finally.
It's officially coming to the U.S.
on June 12th.
And that, of course, not only was leaked out, but confirmed by Konami.
and they also said that if you reserve your copy of Metal Gear Solid 4 starting April 2008 you get Metal Gear Saga 2.0 a DVD to catch you up on all the stuff that's going on in the series as well as a beta code for Metal Gear Online and then to coincide with that and this
I don't know if this is going to be the official, you know, remember because the 80 gig skew for the PS3 was being phased out, well there's a new 80 gig skew now, same price, but you get Metal Gear Solid 4 and a DualShock 3 controller, all for $4.99, which is not a bad deal at all if you don't have a PS3, because I know a lot of people would be buying a PS3 for that, and it's nice that they're actually throwing in the DualShock 3 instead of making you buy that separately.
No word on when that's coming out, but it's supposed to come out around the same time as Metal Gear Solid 4, obviously.
So, June 12th and on, I guess.
Alright.
Well, moving on to other gaming news, although it still has to do with Metal Gear Solid 4.
Actually, let me back up for just a minute.
Loki, how important is this news to PlayStation fans, you think?
I think it's very important.
I think this is going to sell a lot more systems than the year-old MotorStorm.
They needed to update that bundle anyways, because, you know, shit, that game is old now.
And I think Metal Gear Solid 4 is the perfect game to throw in there, especially now that, you know, I'm assuming the new bundles are going to start coming with the DualShock 3 controllers.
Probably not the 4Dig for right now, because there's supposedly, you know, the one right now doesn't have it, and I don't know if they're going to announce a new one anytime soon.
But it's important.
I think it's actually one of the first major games for the PS3 that you can only get on the PS3.
And that's a little bit of fuel to Sony's fire.
Although this is the first of hopefully many.
But it hopefully does very well.
Let's say Metal Gear Solid 4 does not sell all that.
I mean, let's say, you know, obviously the game's going to sell fine, you know, at least mediocre.
But let's say the game does not sell super duper well and doesn't move all these new bundles.
Is that going to be really bad for Sony or would they get more chances?
They may have more chances, but a lot of the stuff that they're counting on is like way later on.
Killzone 2 will be another one that moves systems Resistance, Fall of Man 2, maybe Motorstorm 2 Final Fantasy XIII, that's so far off that I wouldn't even consider that anything to wait for right now for the PS3 If you're going to wait that long, you might as well just wait for the PlayStation 4 But at the same time, I don't know
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
I was playing with their Blu-ray player a little bit, and it was slow.
It was so slow.
And I'm sorry, I know sometimes we get the mail, like, you guys always pick on Sony, we hate Sony.
Because if we hated Sony, we would still have a PSP-oriented website.
But anyway, it's beside the point.
But seriously, it was slow and clunky.
It reminded me, I guess, but... It's just first generation stuff.
Yeah, it's first generation.
I kind of think, okay, well, the first DVD player we ever had was kind of slow and clunky, too.
I remember when I had a single speed CD-ROM drive.
Now that's slow shit right there.
Well, Rob, you know what?
What?
I think it's funny that you mentioned them getting a Blu-ray player.
Why?
We got an HD DVD player.
Did you?
Did you get the one for the Xbox?
Yes, we did.
Fifty bucks.
Nice.
Oh yeah, because they're so cheap now.
Yep.
Do you think you'll get enough library of movies to go with it?
Probably.
I guess there's enough out there to justify the fifty bucks.
I don't care where else Dan gets here.
But here's the deal.
If you pre-order Metal Gear Solid 4, you will get guaranteed access, quote-unquote, to this limited beta.
It's a little bit reminiscent, it seems to me, like the Crackdown Halo 3 thing, I think.
So, there you go.
But I'm sure most people that would be into Metal Gear Online are already going to pick up Metal Gear Solid 4.
This is just incentive, I guess, to get pre-orders out there, which makes sense to me that Sony would want that, because they're going to want strong numbers out the gate as much as possible to try and
Put next to Halo 3 and what I'm assuming will probably be Smash Bros.
numbers and so on and so on.
Yeah, I mean, don't get me wrong.
It's kind of like their day one big seller that people wait for.
It's going to be the number one game for the console.
It's just Halo 3 may have been the number one game for the Xbox 360, but I don't think it's sold that many systems.
I mean, I'm sure there's people that waited to buy a system for Halo 3, but...
I don't know.
I don't believe a lot of systems got sold because of that game.
Metal Gear Solid 4 might push a lot of systems but then again, their system is still more expensive.
It's a little easier now to make that purchase now that we know that Blu-ray is going to be the high def format of choice and Metal Gear Solid 4 does have a definite date now and we know when it's coming and plus now you have Grand Theft Auto 4 as well.
There's going to be a lot of stuff to play on there but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
There had been talk that Metal Gear Solid was going to be ported to PlayStation 2.
That's actually not happening.
It's just that the Metal Gear Solid Essential Collection is going to be on two DVDs.
It's supposed to be out on March 18th for $29.99 over here in the U.S.
It's going to be a PlayStation 1 game.
That's awesome.
Well, I wouldn't see... I mean, there would be no point to really remake, you know,
Metal Gear Solid 4, PlayStation 2.
Maybe there were people that were hoping that some of the... Because you know there was the GameCube one.
Didn't the GameCube one have some extra frills?
When it came out, I don't know.
I think so.
Yeah, maybe people were kind of hoping some of those extra frills would come over.
I'm surprised they didn't put Metal Gear Solid 1 and then also have VR missions as well.
Well, my theory is that they are going to, this is again just my theory, because really all the VR missions was part of Metal Gear Solid Integral, which was basically Metal Gear Solid done as a first-person shooter.
All you need to do is put in the camera control and you can play it that way.
So they could easily include the VR missions and the, I guess, integral mode.
Hmm.
Well, it's neat.
Yeah, I mean, I guess it's not too, I mean, if this, you know, PlayStation is backwards compatible and all that, you know, at least what little backwards compatibility some of them have, it's not surprising that they only need to kind of put it out there on PlayStation 1 format.
Exactly, and if I remember correctly, I believe this collection's coming out in a couple weeks.
So, should be able to pick it up soon.
And it's cheap, 30 bucks.
Very cool.
A really cool, well, not cool for me because I already own a couple PSPs, but for someone that may not own a PSP yet, you can get a brand new PSP Slim that happens to be red with a giant head of Kratos silkscreen on the back.
This will actually be replacing the Star Wars Entertainment Bundle that they've had for a while.
You can no longer get those, unfortunately.
and of course it will be coming out I believe next week with the brand new game of course God of War Chains of Olympus and some other cool stuff that will come with this entertainment pack.
It will come with a copy of the Superbad UMD as well as a voucher to download Syphon Filter Combat Ops from the PC PlayStation Store.
Now here's my only little problem with this whole thing.
Usually these entertainment packs come with a 1GB memory stick.
I have heard no mention of a 1GB memory stick with this, so yay, I can download a game to nothing.
You have to buy a memory stick separately.
Way to go.
Awesome.
This might be a bad idea, but do you think we're just supposed to assume it's there anyway?
I don't think it is, because they would have mentioned it.
It would have been a selling point, but you know, hey, surprise me, maybe it is in there, but
I'm just going to take a wild guess and seeing as they didn't mention it, and I don't think it was in the press release, although I will double check in just a second here, I'm pretty sure it does not come with a memory stick, which is kind of sad.
Now, Alpha Canogram in chat says, Loki, bigger sizes are dirt cheap.
One gig is useless.
That's fine, okay, but the fact is it's still stupid to offer a free downloadable game
DarkSakura, DarkSakura S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
to save your games and stuff.
It's completely optional.
But, I mean, come on.
God of War, Chains of Olympus, and, like, Syphon Filter and this stuff, you're going to need a memory stick.
And it's just kind of annoying that, like, you get it all home or something.
You just say you get it for Easter or something like that.
And it's like, yeah, I'm ready to play this game.
Ah, shit, I got to go drive back down to the store to pick up my memory stick.
I don't know.
I think it's still kind of cheap.
But whatever.
I mean, if that's kind of your thing, then go ahead and purchase it.
And they'll probably be limited since the last one was too.
Although I think most people that are all crazy about God of War, most of them probably already have a PSP, don't you think?
That's always what amazes me about these bundles that come out so much later.
This is also coming out in June-ish.
I mean, around that time frame.
So it's going to be three months after the game actually comes out.
I don't know.
It's cool, I guess, if you don't have one yet.
Maybe you might think about picking this up, but
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
Another comment from chat from AkeRipper, I think that is, A-K-E, Ripper.
It's chat.orangeonstranger.com, says, Still, one gigabyte, you don't get far.
You know what?
I'm using my 16 megabyte memory stick that came with my original PSP.
Oh, 32 or whatever it is.
I'm using the old school original one from the first PSP bundle.
You know what?
That's fine.
I mean, see, that's the thing right now.
Okay, say you can't...
Just throw in a 32MB one.
Yeah, I know it sucks and you can buy a bigger one later, but hey, you know what?
At least it will get you through being able to save your game of God of War so you can start playing it right out of the box.
And I'm sure since those 1GB memory sticks are what, $30 now?
The 32MB one should be like $0.50, if that.
I mean, so come on.
They've got to be sitting on a bunch of them.
Just dump that shit.
Hey, I'm not alone.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Warhawk is going to let eight people meet in like a war room area prior to a match and you can make out your strategies on a sand table that's like a replica of the different levels in the game and then you go right from there into your match so kind of kind of cute and then Resistance and Uncharted basically your avatars can go into levels from those games
And that would allow you to get to parts of the game that are even completely unseen.
Now, in addition to that, Uncharted is supposed to have a 2D shooter game that's built into it that launches from home.
See, so that's some cool ideas.
That sounds fairly generous and kind of neat.
You know, I imagine the shooter is cheesy, but it's better than nothing, and it's probably kind of one of those cool little integrations.
The news about Home is very exciting and it makes me wish it would have been out a lot sooner.
But, you know, okay, if the delays are making it better, then it's hard to complain, right?
It's all part of their plan to hopefully get more momentum.
I mean, this is also stuff that they can say, look, here, Live does not have this.
You know, this is why you should buy a PS3.
They're giving us reasons now why you should own a system, which is what they should have been doing since the beginning.
Frisbee in chat says, push it back until no one cares.
Am I right?
I don't know, but the more they drop little tidbits like this, it's hard to ignore.
Yeah, but at the same time, though, it's like, you know, Duke Nukem Forever.
Come on, dude.
I would like to see a little more video of this stuff in action, not just screenshots.
You know, just because video helps you get so much more of a sense of what it really looks like than pictures.
The trophy room thing, it's kind of neat, I guess, but at the same time, I'm just like, whatever.
Like, I wouldn't want to walk through someone's trophy room and see a stupid dragon from Lair.
I'd be like,
Wow.
Testament that you played Lair.
Man, you suck.
Well, you know what?
The Xbox is the same thing with the achievements.
It's like, I wouldn't want to walk through someone's room of achievements that they've earned during Totem Ball or some shit.
This is where I played the game for 10 hours or something.
Wow, you have dedication.
You press start.
Achievement unlocked.
Wasn't that one in the Simpsons game?
Madden or...
Simpsons, maybe.
Or Avatar.
You hit something eight times in a row.
1,000 points unlocked.
There you have it.
I don't know, Jamie, you excited about Home on PlayStation 3?
Relatively.
Yeah?
I'm excited because it's free.
If I had to pay for that shit, I'm not playing in Home.
Free is a good thing.
Free is a very good thing.
It's hard to ignore.
Then again, Yaris was free.
Ooh, that is a good point.
Touché from Jamie.
Speaking of achievements you don't like to have on your record...
Well, there actually is a date now for that DualShock 3 over here in the U.S.
We're getting it on April 15th for $54.99, and I don't want that for my birthday, so nobody get it for me.
But it's, I mean, it's basically the, from what I can tell in here, the six axis with vibration, so...
So basically it's the controller that should have come out the first time.
It's finally coming out.
Yeah, except for all the crappy legal problems they were having.
Wait, what was the price again on that?
That's a $54.99.
$54 for a freaking controller.
But then again, Xbox is just as bad, right?
Isn't it like $59 for their wireless?
$49.
It's the same price as their current controllers.
He rumbles $5 extra.
I guess.
Xbox 360 controllers are way too expensive.
Really?
Oh yeah.
I haven't even really played with one ever.
The Wii is actually more expensive if you consider the remote and nunchuck because the remote's $40 and the nunchuck's $20 so it's $60 all together.
I don't know.
I guess maybe for some reason I let Nintendo slip by a little more and I know people want to call it fanboyism but I don't.
Here's my logic.
I let Nintendo get by a little more with having the higher price because that controller is really kind of like the core of the system and the motion and everything but I don't know.
I guess one could argue that
It's the same thing on the PlayStation 3, so... I don't know, but the motion shit on PlayStation 3 is very, like, kind of... Last minute?
Not really last minute, but just kind of... Well, I mean, a little last minute, but just kind of useless, I think.
I like this comment from AlphaCanogram in chat.
He says, Sky, wait.
Game Boy Advance with cable for the GameCube was most expensive.
That's true, because you'd have to buy the Game Boy Advance with cable.
And if you wanted to have any enjoyment out of Crystal Chronicles, you had to get four of those.
You know, we actually still kept our Game Boy Advances for that reason.
so that we could play Pac-Man Versus.
I was going to say, I can only think of like three games that even use that feature, no, four, because Animal Crossing was one.
Yeah, Animal Crossing, Pac-Man Versus, Crystal Chronicles, and Zelda.
Zelda.
Four Swords.
Yeah, and that's really it, just a handful of games.
But Pac-Man Versus is awesome.
And you know it's only a little time before the DS and Wii start to see more of that stuff too.
Didn't Pac-Man Versus come out on the Namco Museum DS?
Yes, that's right.
It's pretty cool.
Random thoughts, speaking of classic collections, just kind of make me go, huh.
I was randomly at a record store earlier this week, because I was, gasp, shock and awe, buying a CD.
I know, I know.
I was actually buying a CD, and this place sells video games as well.
They sell used video games.
And I actually saw on the play, and I was actually looking at, like, old Genesis and Nintendo and Atari to see if there was anything, like, really, like, cool in the retro stuff.
It was all sports.
All sports stuff.
Dreamcast was all the NBA, NHL.
So that's pretty much all they had.
But one thing I noticed on the PlayStation 2 was an Activision anthology.
And I never even knew this game existed.
Because the Activision releases an anthology on every system.
They have one on PlayStation 1.
They've had one on the PC.
I actually own the one on PC.
They've had a ton of them.
I didn't realize they had one on PlayStation 2, but I just thought it was funny because I'm reading the back of the box, like all the games that are in it.
and like this is how they're selling the game is that A, it talks about you can do cool effects to the games while you're playing.
Like you can play Pitfall but it's in a cube or something.
But then the other thing, I thought it was really funny because it lists all these games and underneath that it says never before seen in an Activision compilation.
Pitfall 2 and some of these other like really obscure Activision games.
Although I don't think Pitfall 2 is that obscure but the other ones that were listed were very obscure.
Like Bridge.
What's that?
I think I'm going to order a freeloader.
Freeloader Phil Harrison Crazy Guy
Ken Kutaragi
I don't know.
But that is weird.
If it's true he went to Atari, that's kind of like... I don't know.
But maybe he can help fix things there.
I don't know.
That'd be nice to see them turn around.
All right, well, you know, with all this talk about Lost Odyssey and what a great RPG it is, sometimes I think we've neglected some other RPGs that came out where they were actually really amazing.
One of them was Persona 3, and I admit I did not get to really play much of Persona 3.
I've just heard from other people how freaking phenomenal it is.
But now I'm glad I'm going to have an excuse to revisit it, because apparently Persona FES, which is an expansion to Persona 3, is actually coming out here in the U.S.
on Xbox.
April 22nd and it'll set you back $29.99.
But the cool thing about it, now obviously this is a PlayStation 2 game, it's not in the current gen of consoles, it's in PlayStation 2, but obviously that's what a lot of people still have.
But for such a low price for such a huge game, you get both the enhanced version of Persona 3 and new bonus features and a new chapter that is apparently 30 plus hours.
So this is kind of like Oblivion Game of the Year Edition, but for Persona.
For $30, which isn't bad.
There's still pretty good stuff coming out on the PlayStation 2.
And luckily, though, a lot of the people that put out really crappy shovelware games for the PS2 have now moved to the Wii.
So you get a pretty good crowd, although there are still some.
But luckily, though, they've adopted the price point of $14.99 retail, which, you know, you can't beat that, even if it does suck.
Well, you can download a lot of games for $5, so I don't know, $14.99 still feels too expensive for me.
for a crap game, you know, Hannah Montana Goes to College or whatever the hell they put out.
What?
I don't know.
I pulled that name out of thin air.
You want to know what sad is?
I think that they would make that game.
They just might.
Patent pending.
She'd go to college.
She's rich.
I don't own the copyright to Hannah Montana or the trailer.
Even if I were really rich, I would want to be fully educated.
True.
But then again, if you're, you know...
A puppet of Disney, then.
In my mind, it's a sitcom, just like Saved by the Bell went to college at one point.
I think it's just inevitable that all the Disney Channel stars need to go to college at some point.
That's their exciting new surroundings.
That would have saved Britney from her fate.
Perhaps.
Goofy goes to college.
Gorsh!
Can I read the next story, please?
You may.
Okay.
Well, Motorstorm 2 is going to be coming out.
It says it'll be out in time for the winter holiday, to be politically correct.
I'm so excited that they're releasing Game On Festivus.
Decemberween.
Gives you something to celebrate.
So what's going to be so exciting about Motorstorm 2?
It's island themed, which is so, you know, wintry.
That might be kind of fun, though.
I did think the first one had too much dirt.
This one seems to have plenty of dirt, too.
It's in the middle of a desert.
I'm sorry.
Too much dirt for you.
Although, you know what?
I really have to say that the artist's joystick where we got this information from are very creative.
I would have preferred to see Motorstorm 2 on the moon because I don't think they've done a good off-road moon racing game.
Actually...
There was Cruisin' World.
Wasn't there a level in Stunt Race FX?
Cruisin' World had you go play on the moon.
Yes, Cruisin' World.
And then you ran into aliens that had Bill Clinton and some chick in a hot tub.
Mahalis in chat.
I hope I'm pronouncing that right.
We have a lot of new chatters tonight.
Welcome all you guys.
Mahalis in chat says, Moon Patrol.
Damn straight.
That's old school right there.
Moon Patrol.
That's all the moon game you need.
But Rob, did you take a good look at the screen capture?
Hannah Montana Goes to Her First Frat Party Hannah Montana Goes Wild
Hannah Montana overdoses from drugs.
It's inevitable.
Hannah Montana gets a podcast.
They already do crap like that.
It's called the Evening News.
There you go.
Mahalos again.
Hannah Montana goes to the moon.
There it is.
Right there.
Like two things we need right together.
All right.
Enough of this.
I don't know when we decided we needed more Hannah Montana, but it's funny.
We do not need more Hannah Montana.
We need less of Hannah Montana.
What we do need more of is more colors in PS3.
And there is a rumor.
I was just thinking that.
I know!
No, I wasn't, actually.
I can read minds.
It's a... It's a skill I learned.
Okay.
So, there is a new SKU coming out for the 40 gig PS3.
I know this for a fact, because they're going to take out Spider-Man 3, the Blu-ray.
Because Sony thinks, you know what?
Blu-ray is a winning format.
We do not need to tease you with Spider-Man 3.
You will just buy your own fucking Blu-ray movies.
So there is going to be a new SKU coming out.
and apparently some Circuit City employees have begun receiving their shipments of these new PS3s and on the shipping box there is a model number which is CECHH01 and for those who may remember a while back when we covered that the FCC had an item filed from Sony regarding a white PS3 while the item numbers happened to match.
So is it going to be the white system coming out to replace the black one with the Spider-Man 3?
Maybe.
I don't know.
We'll have to see, I guess.
But if that's the case, it's going to be coming soon.
Are there really people that are like, I mean, do these people really, really exist that are like, I'm not going to get a PlayStation 3 until they release them in white?
or until they release them in red?
Or what are the colors that we talked about?
The silver thing that we talked about on other shows in other countries.
Are there really those people?
I don't think that there are.
People maybe with the DS because it's cheaper.
But I don't think color is really going to sway you on buying the system or not.
It's like people aren't going to go, you know...
Thanks for watching!
I think, with Nintendo though, it's inevitable that they're going to come out in other colors.
That is still a little crazy.
Not that I'm excusing Nintendo's color thing, but you'll notice, whatever happened to the pink Wii's?
Whatever happened to that?
And the blue Wii's and the green Wii's?
Whatever happened to that?
They didn't need to do it, that's what I guess.
SSJ100Matt says, Rob would hold out for a Hello Kitty PS3.
Damn right.
I would love to get a Hello Kitty PS3.
That would be the best.
Chat.OrangeLaunchRadio.com if you'd like to join in.
We do try to keep an eye on Justin TV's chat room as well, but sometimes I have a hard time staying on top of that because that's two different chat rooms.
That's a lot.
Something you're going to be able to play on those white PlayStations would be lots and lots of games coming to the PlayStation Store.
25 old school titles have been leaked online.
by the European version of the PlayStation Store.
Well, also, there are some pretty cool titles in there.
No, there are some very cool titles in there.
That's what makes me think it's probably fake.
Crash Bandicoot 3
Colony Wars, Cool Borders 2 and 3, Destruction Derby 2, Devil Dies, Everybody's Golf, Klona, Klonoa, sorry.
Klonoa is like the best game ever.
Kurushi Final, Motor Toon Grand Prix, Namco Museum 1, 2, and 4.
I don't know what happened to 3.
Omega Boost, Ridge Racer, Ridge Racer Type 4, Roll Cage, Spyro, Tekken 2, 3, Twisted Metal, Vib Ribbon, Wipeout 3, Wipeout 2097.
Vib Ribbon!
Lots of stuff.
Yeah, Vib Ribbon.
Vib Ribbon!
That's pretty awesome.
That is pretty awesome.
That game is crack.
And actually, I don't know if a lot of people remember, Colony Wars is actually pretty decent as far as the space shooter goes.
They have cool borders.
That's pretty fun.
Oh, Omega Boost is awesome.
Son of Dad says, Intelligent Cube, please.
There you go.
Don't they have the PSP one?
Didn't they come out with a sequel-ish thing to that game?
Yeah, they have a couple of them.
And let's see, CrunkyBoyJr in chat says, I got Klonoa once and some antibiotics cleared it right up.
Hey, Klonoa was a great game, but it was messed up at the end.
I have played all the way through Klonoa, thank you.
Nice.
So, in other bundly news, in Europe they're going to get a pretty decent bundle, I'm going to say, that is...
The Gran Turismo 5 Prologue Bundle And it's a 40GB PS3 I'm sorry, my apologies, 80GB Oh, sorry, they're doing two of them, my apologies I was just staring at the red box because it's, well, kind of red and black and very cool colored And it's got a silver car up on the front of it, I can't see what it is though
But they're saying that it's going to be out on, looks like March 29th, and retails for €3.99, so that's pretty cool.
I love all this hubbaloo over Prologue.
It's not even the actual game, it's just Prologue.
You know, to be honest, I think this game's going to hurt their sales for the full game.
You think?
A lot of people, like, you know, if I had to buy a Gran Turismo game, I don't think I'd buy the full one because I don't race 200 cars.
You know, there's only a few cars that I'd actually probably race.
And, you know, after I play this game, you know, Prologue, for however many months until the full game comes out, I'll probably be sick of it.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Ross Steel UT in chat says, Loki, Gran Turismo isn't for you, it's for crazed car freaks.
There's another bundle listed on here too.
What's that?
A Blu-ray bundle, the 40 gigabyte PS3 with Spider-Man 300 and Casino Royale on March 19th.
Now that's reasonable, you know, because obviously now that Blu-ray has officially won or whatever, that's, you know, totally understandable.
There's a lot of people that are going to buy PlayStation 3s just because it plays Blu-rays and games.
You want to know why there's going to be a lot of people to do that?
Because that's how PlayStation 2 won.
Hey, I bought my PlayStation 2.
Well, actually, no, I didn't buy it as a DVD player.
I just bought it because Armored Core was coming out on it, and I love me some Armored Core.
Except they didn't buy Armored Core 4.
Whatever.
I liked what Actdeft in chat says too.
Actdeft says Gran Turismo 5 Prologue, Gran Turismo 5 Introduction, Gran Turismo 5, and then Gran Turismo 5 Epilogue.
And yet, no Gran Turismo Portable for the PSP.
It starts to sound like a Final Fantasy series.
It's like Final Fantasy 7 games now at some point.
And they'll have Final Fantasy Prologue with cars.
Gran Turismo...
There's different kinds of chocobos.
You get to try out different chocobos.
Well, you may not be ready for Gran Turismo 5.
There are plenty of other games to get your attention this week.
Starting things off, we have Bully Scholarship Edition coming out on the Wii and Xbox 360.
It's slightly better than, I guess, the PlayStation 2 version because it has slightly better graphics and a few more missions.
Great.
The game I teased last week, Let's Ride Friends Forever, coming out on the DS.
Worst name ever.
If you're into baseball... Or most unintentionally funny name ever, depending on how you look at it.
There's going to be two games for you.
Sony's MLB08 The Show, and that's coming on PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, and PSP.
And then MLB2K8, coming out on PS2, PS3, PSP, Wii, and Xbox 360.
Army of Two on PS3 and Xbox 360 Chicken Hunter on the DS Imagine Figure Skater I'm almost offended by that comment.
I'm sorry, I'll never compare you to figure skating.
Yeah, exactly.
Let's see what else we have here.
Also, Arctic Stud Poker Run for the PC.
Awesome.
Silent Hill Origins coming out on PlayStation 2 this week.
God of War, Chains of Olympus coming out on the PSP.
That looks pretty awesome.
Pets, Bunnies.
Super Smash Bros.
Brawl Ninja Reflex Ninja Reflex is coming out on the Wii and the DS this week for your Ninja themed party games World Championship Cards for the PSP in case you want to play something other than poker
Mystery Dungeon, Shirin the Wanderer coming out on the DS.
Let's see, we've also got Spitfire Heroes, Tales of the Royal Air Force.
That's on DS as well.
And Homies Rollers on the DS.
That's like Homies as in those little stupid urban figures that you can get out of those machines for 10 cents or 25 cents.
My boss used to collect those.
I believe that's it.
Smash Bros Brawl, that's really all you need to know for this week.
I know, I think Let's Ride Friends Forever doesn't stand much of a chance, but maybe there's a certain audience for that, I don't know.
I will tell you what.
Uh-oh, what?
If Let's Ride Friends Forever sells a million copies... Oh no, here we go, here we go, okay, yes, yes.
If Let's Ride Friends Forever sells a million copies, yes, what?
We'll do the whole Tinkle thing and burn Eye of Judgment.
We'll need another game in there.
More of a chance.
You want to keep giving the listeners some hope, right?
Yeah.
Great.
The makers of that game just thanked you for selling about 100 additional copies they wouldn't have sold otherwise.
Here, I'll make it even more fair.
The combined sales between Let's Ride Friends Forever... Whoa, whoa!
So the combined sales between Let's Ride Friends Forever and Eye of Judgment now... Yes.
Oh, because Let's Ride Friends Forever will be lucky to sell 100,000 copies.
Somebody mark the date and time of this.
Oh, it's almost exactly 7 o'clock here on Sunday evening, March 2nd.
We'll never sell anything, okay?
Come on.
Well, that's something.
That's given the listeners.
That's for the little meter some of the chatters made up.
Some of the chatters actually made up a little meter that looks like a telethon thing, and it's like the road to one million copies.
It'll never happen.
Now it gives them something to add to that.
It'll never, ever happen.
Just like Let's Ride Friends Forever will never ever sell Here's the thing, chatroom You gotta get him to keep adding games to it until he doesn't realize that he's put like 20 games towards the total
Oh yes, someone noted the OLR wiki to add that.
Gold Bandra says another one for the OLR wiki.
I forgot to mention Housekeeping.
This would have been good.
They created a wiki for Orange Lounge Radio.
And you can wiki stuff on it.
Even though I guess... Well, we have an official Wikipedia article.
But now we have our own freaking entire wiki.
Which is amazing because, you know, I didn't really... You'd think I wrote it or Loki wrote that article, but we've never...
Really worked on that.
It was totally the fans that did that, so that was really cool.
I haven't even seen it.
On Wikipedia?
Oh, well, I thought you meant on Wikipedia.
Yeah, the actual article on Wikipedia.
A wiki set up for us.
Yes, but now there is a whole Orange Lounge Radio wiki.
That's what I was talking about.
Yes, I'll give you that link right now so you can check it out.
It's orangeloungeradio.wikia.com
XBOX 360 Arcade Hits Japan
PS3, DualShock 3, Guitar Hero 3, Legends of Rock, Satin Silver, PlayStation 3
S, Actdeft, Drew, Carameldansen
So that kind of surprised me.
Nobunaga no Yabu Kakushin.
And it comes with a... Online, I think.
But it comes with what's called a power-up kit.
And I'm not exactly sure what a power-up kit has in it.
So this is something they haven't released here yet.
Maybe it's two different Nobunaga games.
Perhaps.
The same thing with Devil Kings or whatever they call that over there.
I would like to know what exactly the power kit includes.
It's drugs.
Perhaps, but it does look like another version of Nobunaga's Ambition.
Dang, the last time I played this game was on the NES, and look how far it's come.
It's like Civilization.
I remember Civ 1, I have such fond memories of that.
They had a Nobunaga's Ambition game that came out at the beginning of February for PlayStation 2.
Yeah, but now I can't play those games anymore.
They're too complicated for me.
I'm not smart enough to play those games, I'll admit it.
I think that's just exactly what it boils down to.
They're too much for me now.
They get too complicated.
They need a Nobunaga's Ambition party game.
Yeah, they need like, you know how they like dumbed down Madden for Wii owners?
That's what I need.
I need a dumbed down version of Nobunaga's Ambition.
Swing the remote down to Conquer Japan.
It's too bad they don't have achievement points.
And I accidentally closed out my list, so I'll tell you what, why don't we go to Europe and then we'll come back to Japan.
Well, you know what that actually makes me think?
Did we ever get a current gen release of Risk?
Not that I can think of.
But wouldn't that be a great Xbox Live title?
It'd be cool if we had Risk and Axis and Allies.
Wouldn't that be cool?
That would be very cool.
I love games like that.
Oh, wait.
I got the Japanese release dates back.
Never mind.
Fine.
Europe can wait a little longer.
They're used to it.
That was mean.
Hit what?
Blow the bell.
I'm sorry.
Party foul.
Dear European listeners, please send Rob a smack in the head via email.
Send me your cards and letters.
Whatever, they get Mario Kart early.
Yeah, that's right.
So, you know, shut up.
Go stuff yourself with a carpet.
Hey!
I love Britain.
I love all of Europe.
I love France.
I love Spain.
I love them all.
All right.
On the PlayStation 2, also Guitar Hero 3 comes out there as well.
And guess what?
As if there wasn't enough pachinko in your life.
Hisuu, Pachinko, Pachislot, Koryoku Series Volume 10 comes out as well.
By the way, there's another one that is a Neon Genesis Evangelion version of Pachinko, because I know you were just thinking about wanting to have that.
On the Nintendo DS, Bomberman gets a price cut.
Dorimon, Nobita Ton Midori no Kyojinden DS comes out.
In other words, it's Dorimon on the DS.
and lastly on the PSP and then I promise we can do the Europe dates Dragon Quest and Final Fantasy in Itadaki Street Portable that is a combo kit of those games it's like an Ultimate Hits so there you have it and also Valkyrie Profile also moves into the Ultimate Hits the Lenneth and what was the other one Slamera or whatever it was called they both move into the Greatest Hits Collection alright now that all of Britain hates me and Europe in general
Let's go to their release dates, shall we, Jamie?
Fine.
Well, these are all on the 7th, and one of them pisses me off, but I have a certain bias against it.
Coming out is Army of Two on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, Blackside Area 51 on PS3, Bully Scholarship Edition, Xbox 360 and Wii, Destroy All Humans, Big Willy Unleashed on Wii, Dynasty Warriors 6 on Xbox 360 and PS3, Jack Kane on PC,
MX vs. ATV, Untamed on a bunch of crap, Rock Band on PlayStation 2, that's a big one, The Destiny of Zorro on Wii, Victorious Boxers on Wii, and the one that pisses me off, Warhammer 40K, Dawn of War.
Wait, Victorious Boxers on Wii?
Victorious.
Oh, Victorious.
I thought you said Victorious.
And I'm thinking, like, is that like Victorious Closet for Men?
Like, now they're expanding?
I thought that you were thinking of Spice Girls.
You mean Victorious Secret?
She has a penis?
No, I thought you said Victoria's Closet.
That was a really crappy show.
No, it was Veronica's Closet with Christy Alley.
No, Victoria's Secret.
I thought I heard her say Victoria's Boxers.
Maybe my mind is just focused on underwear right now.
I don't know.
See, you said Victoria's, though, and I was thinking that you were bringing up Spice Girls.
and on the back of them is a big peace sign.
You know, like the V for victory or whatever.
A hand doing a V. Please, let's change the topic.
I hate Warhammer 40k.
Why?
DarkSakura, Drew, Carameldansen
and that's all he ever did so yeah I broke up with him to play with you know to hang out with some guy that played Rift it was fun though running over those little figurines with a toy train because you know if you're going to build your own landscape you might as well already have a train set and landscape built already for that well I can understand having a project that's one thing but when your entire life is your project that's a little something else that and he didn't have a job yeah
Speaking about building little figurines, Legos, you know, you see a lot of Lego spin-offs for different games, including Indiana Jones and Star Wars.
Well, now EGM wants to try to make us believe that there's going to be Lego Halo.
As if we can believe anything that's in their April issue, but they have screenshots to prove that it's real, you know, much like Mushroom Kingdom Hearts, but...
The minute I saw a headline that said April EGM announces Lego Halo or whatever it was, I was like, oh, haha, funny April Fool's joke.
I hate April Fool's.
Hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate April Fool's.
It would be cool if it were real.
I don't think it is, and I don't think you would try it.
It's not.
Come on.
You wouldn't announce something like this in your April magazine, you know.
and of course it's their exclusive they say and stuff like that.
Trust me, if this wasn't a real exclusive, 1up.com would be whoring the shit out of this right now, okay?
Because they like to tease their exclusives, so whatever.
You don't need any more Halo or Lego Halo.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
and turn back into game data.
What a weird concept.
It's treasure.
The other thing you can do with this is you can put them in MP3 format or whatever and spread them out on the internet so people can download them that way.
It's treasure.
It's kind of neat, I'll admit, but when I first read this, I'm like, this is the weirdest thing I've ever heard.
Symphony of the Night CD Hidden Track
Thank you for watching!
and put it in a regular CD player.
And if you know what I'm talking about, you're old school because we did this in junior high.
We would take a copy of Encarta and put it in a regular CD player and it makes the most hideous noise.
And what you do is... It was like the dumbass joke you would play is that you would turn the radio thing up full blast, close the door and run.
Ah, yes.
I just remember...
putting them in, especially they'd also do it on PC Engine Duo desks who say, this is a game disc, do not listen to this or your speakers will die.
That type of thing.
Very interesting feature.
I have to admit, this is a game I probably wouldn't have thought to go run out and buy or even really check out just because there's too many other games on the table, right?
But now I'm kind of like, I might have to look at this game just for this feature.
I'll tell you in one word why I'm getting this game.
Why?
Treasure!
I should have known.
Treasure!
There's no reason why I'm still looking for Chameleon Twist.
Alright, well, let's move on.
That's all I have to say until the game comes out.
Well, I know that quite a number of our listeners are into rock band, so something that everyone should be happy about is that there is a Grateful Dead pack coming out for a rock band that will have China Cat Sunflower, Casey Jones, Sugar Magnolia, Truckin', Franklin's Tower, and I Need a Miracle.
I think that that's pretty cool, because Grateful Dead is pretty cool.
Now, I wonder if you can put weed in the smoke machine kit, because that would be the full dead experience right there.
You know what?
You laugh about that.
Apparently, okay, one of my customers... Oh, no.
No, no, no, no.
Not about the weed thing.
No, one of my customers actually saw the kit set up at one of the GameStops, I guess, in Iowa or Idaho or wherever the hell he's from.
And...
Thanks for watching!
and they react to the sound that you do.
So we could do the show and it would react to our speaking and stuff.
Just what we need.
I'm sorry, DarkSakura.
Well, there's a little bit more to this story.
For people who are not so rock band oriented and are more Guitar Hero 3 oriented, actually No Doubt's having some releases on there, which No Doubt, cool.
Gwen Stefani solo, bad, because she sucks.
That and She's Got Mental Problems, but moving on.
Wow, tell us what you really think.
What songs are coming out from No Doubt, do we know?
Don't Speak, Excuse Me, Mister, and Sunday Morning.
So we don't get Ex-Girlfriend.
That's the song I love.
No, no Just a Girl, no Spiderwebs.
But, I mean, my favorite song of theirs is in the list, so I'm happy.
What song is that?
Don't Speak.
Don't Speak.
All right, let's hear some clips of these songs that are coming to Rock Band very soon.
Here's a clip of The Grateful Dead.
So if you got them, smoke them.
Just kidding, that's bad.
Yes, you can jam to Truckin' pretty soon in Rock Band.
And then we have coming to, not coming to Grateful Dead, coming to Guitar Hero 3, we have No Doubt.
And I'm sure you guys all know Don't Speak, so let's play one of the more lesser known songs, which would be Sunday Morning.
At least I'm glad I breathed some life back into Guitar Hero 3 and Rock Band in general.
Rock Band, the wheels keep on turning with that game.
Proud Mary keep on burning?
I don't know.
Not yet.
Maybe someday.
Anyhow.
And not to be outdone, from the studio that brings you Hannah Montana...
Disney has announced a brand new game for the Wii.
Hannah Montana goes to a Grateful Dead concert.
No!
It's Ultimate Band.
You know, fuck this rock band shit.
It's the Ultimate Band.
And this will be coming out for the Wii and the DS.
One thing, though, that you will be happy to know, and maybe this might be...
You have one, two, zero, or both You know what?
I'm going to say something pretty daring here.
I think this actually isn't a bad idea.
Because think about who this game is aimed at.
It's aimed at kids, and parents don't want to spend all this freaking money on all these peripherals that their kids are going to destroy.
So you know what?
If you've got a Wii, why not come out with a game that's, you know...
very similar to Rock Band, but you don't have to buy all this extra shit for.
And of course, I'm not going to like it, probably.
Jamie, Matt, they're not going to like it.
It's not really made for us.
It's a kid's game.
I don't think I'd buy this game, but I'll try it.
It is supposed to be coming out towards the holidays, and the DS version will have that brand new D-Gamer online social network, which is sounding pretty awesome, and I really kind of want to check it out, but
That means I have to buy a Disney DS game.
I don't know.
Actdeft in chat says, Sky speaks the truth.
And GS68 says, Sky is right.
Ego plus plus.
The chat room actually just reminded me of another thing I didn't mention in my gaming week.
What's that?
Oh, I bought Parappa.
Oh, rad.
For $15 out of Hollywood going out of business.
Let's see.
Ross Steel UT says, Sky, that kid who got the 98% on Through the Fire and the Flames will disagree.
Yeah, well, he's a freak.
Hey, did I just call a seven-year-old a freak?
Cool.
That's fine.
He's a freak.
Uni in chat says, Kids already nom-nomed the hell out of the Wii Remote.
Makes it sound like the pet dog chewed up the Wii Remote and hid it under the couch.
If your seven-year-old nom-noms the Wii Remote and hides it under the couch, you've got issues.
I like that phrase.
That's funny.
What, nom-nom?
Nom-nom.
Didn't you hear?
Everything is Caturday now.
Everything.
Low-cat speak.
Crunky Boy Jr.
tries to put out a zinger here saying, you mean we save money on Wii peripherals?
Ba-dum-bum.
Get it?
Because the remotes are so fucking expensive.
They don't really have real Wii peripherals.
I mean, after all, there's like, what, the classic controller and the nunchuck.
That's the only thing that plugs into the Wii.
Everything else is plastic shit.
All right, well.
DarkSakura.com
Jonathan Coulton was up on stage with his band
DDR machines have the memory cards.
I can't think of any reason why you would put a 360 card in your pocket everywhere you go.
But whatever, it's Game Developers Conference, whatever.
So he pulls out this memory card, he puts it in, messes around, and then finally, one of the Harmonix guys walks over and says, what's going on?
And this guy says, I'm just grabbing Still Alive.
Everyone needs to be able to play this.
Well, the developer took it back and
Uh, deleted the thing off the card and, you know, all is well.
Because I don't think this thing would have worked anyway, because it's probably a dev 360, and I'm sure this thing wouldn't have worked out in the wild.
Uh, it wouldn't have worked anyways because of Microsoft's fucked up digital rights management, which we'll get into later, but...
Right.
Well, apparently the guy actually wrote about it.
The only reason I'm not giving this Idiot of the Week Award or Stupid Guy of the Week or whatever we're calling it here award is because apparently the guy wrote about it in his live journal.
And I don't know.
Don't quote me if this is 100% legitimate.
It could be fanfic or some shit.
I don't know.
But I think it's legit.
You can check it out on his live journal.
It's algoromancy.livejournal.com.
That's A-L-G-R-O-M-A-N-C-Y.
O-R-I-T-H-M-A-N-C-Y.livejournal.com and he writes in this entry on February 21st, 2008.
He writes his side of the story and his thing, he puts a disclaimer at the end.
He says, don't try this at home.
The only reason I did because I am an acquaintance of Alex who works at Harmonix as well as good friends with several Harmonix folks and game industry friends give each other free swag all the time.
Remember, making an unauthorized copy of copyrighted material is theft.
So.
You know what the only thing I'll give this guy is?
Huh?
Thank you for watching!
Before we wrap, are you going to sing a little rendition for us here in studio?
No.
Did you hear our idea?
I don't remember if this is the week you were gone, because February was all fucked up.
But were you here the week we had the idea that when it comes out, we'll get Mo back, and she'll be our vocalist, and we'll get Matt to play drums, you can play guitar, you and I can work out the guitar somehow, and we'll have an OLR band, and we'll do our rendition.
It was mentioned last week.
Was it last week?
I can't remember.
I'm getting old, and the weeks blend together.
That's okay, Rob.
All right.
Anyhow.
I'm still bringing you your birthday present.
Sweet.
Sweet.
DarkSakura.com
is Cybertroopers Virtual On which is a 3D robot fighting game done from a behind the view of your own character who you're playing.
Let's take a listen.
And almost every other sample of it online was horrible.
So, moving forward
You basically play as a Virturoid, you know, a giant robot controlled by a person, which is actually pretty funny because their little insert things with the pilots go in the back of them like they're Saturn.
In the sequel, Virtuon, or Tario Tangram, was a Dreamcast, which I have that game too and it's awesome.
Um, but you would play as a number of them with different specialties, like you have, um, the Temjin, which is the, the balanced one.
Um, you have the Raiden, which is a heavy battle one, really strong and, you know, heavily, uh, armed.
Um, you have, uh, the Ampharm, which is, uh, supposed to be, I think, one of the, uh, fast ones.
Um, it uses a Tompo weapon.
You have, uh, Belgor, which is, um,
a missile launcher, the Dorcus, which is another pretty heavy one, the Viper II, the Fast Balbo, and my favorite, which is the Feiyen, which is like the cute little Loki mecha, which is really fast and nice.
You have the Z-Grat, and then you have the Jaguarati, which is, as far as I remember, I think it was one of the heavy ones.
But in the arcade, you had a two-person set-up,
And it had a dividing wall in between so you were like in the cockpit.
And it used two sticks to control it.
And on Saturn they did release the twin sticks.
And I actually don't have them which makes me very upset because I had a chance to get them.
They did do Oratario Tangram that was on the Dreamcast.
I actually do have the twin sticks for that.
In fact, you remember your ex-roommate?
Yes.
We beat him getting them.
Interesting.
We went to a place that's no longer in business in Sacramento.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
We're not talking about the one I live with.
Oh, we're talking about that.
That roommate.
Wow.
Those were the days, man.
Those were the days.
The guy who sold it to us ended up being my husband, ended up being, I do believe, Moe's manager.
You know, I know, we're not helping those stereotypes about Sacramento being a cow town.
But at any rate, we came in, we saw the twin sticks for $45, which was astounding at that time.
And like, we want to buy these right now.
I was like, okay.
And then a person who's, as far as I knew, his nickname came from this game.
came in and we beat them by like 10 minutes.
So there are also other versions.
There was Cybertroopers Virtual on Force that was only in Japanese arcades in 2001 and Virtual on Mars, which was the PS2 release.
So there's also an audio drama for it, which is kind of funny.
And then there was a musical one, which was the Feiyan Robot Singing Festival.
I actually have a Feiyan garage kit that I still have yet to put together that I bought like six years ago.
Nice.
Virtual On's like tops.
All right.
Well, that's going to do it.
Your classic game of the week, Virtual On.
DarkSakura, DarkSakura, DarkSakura
Orange Lounge Radio
Hi guys, it's Rob here with an important footnote for our podcast listeners.
There's no easy way for me to break the news, but Part B this week was lost, and unfortunately we won't be hitting the podcast feed, and you won't get that news, we promised, unless you were listening live and heard all two hours of it being taped.
So I'm sure you're wondering, what happened?
Well, what happened is that we were taping the show as we always do, and we do a special little show after that called The Afterbirth.
It's only for the live listeners, because we play licensed music and stuff that we can't put on the podcast.
and as we were taping that, right at the very end, we were trying to unjumble some of the cords back here and the power cord to the computer got detached and the whole damn thing shut off.
And although Audition keeps a temporary file on hand, when I went in to recover the file, I made a mistake and ended up deleting the damn files.
I was trying to make a backup copy of it and I've tried everything.
I can't get... It's not in the recycle bin.
It's...
DarkSakura, DarkSakura
DarkSakura, DarkSakura,
In six years that we've been doing this show, we've never lost a show like that.
So it's kind of embarrassing and a little sad, especially off of a few broken weeks in a row.
But what can you do?
Life goes on.
I hope everybody has a wonderful week.
Happy gaming.
And we'll see you next time with episode number 270 next week with all new power chords in studio.
Have a good one.
