Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Mojo.
Tonight, March 30th, 2008, gamerscore hackers get the Smackdown from Microsoft,
Rock Band is announced for the Wii, and is another PSP redesign on the way.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me, as always, say hello to the one and only, DarkSakura.
Jamie Summers.
Roar.
How are you doing? Ah, I'm scared.
Roar.
Are things going good for you?
Fairly decently.
Ah, alright. That's good to hear.
Say hello to Tech Master, Loki.
Hello.
How are you doing, Loki?
I'm fine.
Alright, glad to hear it.
Cool, cool.
Well, let's start off tonight's show, which is not our last show on lifethusts5.com.
I did a boo-boo in the math last week.
I don't know how I did this, but you know, we got the announcement about, you know,
how to make decisions about what the hell is going to happen with the show, the station going offline.
Not the show, but the station going offline in a couple of weeks.
Somehow, I did the math wrong when I looked at the calendar.
I thought tonight was the last show on lifethusts5, but it's actually next Saturday.
Or next...
Apparently, I still can't read a calendar.
It's next Sunday is going to be the last show on lifethusts5.
I somehow missed that there was one more week in March.
So, whatever.
So, here we are on March 30th.
April 6th will be the last show on lifethusts5.com.
And then April 13th, something else, which we'll get to in a little bit.
The future of Orange Lounge Radio.
We'll talk about that in a little bit, but I wouldn't want to get away from how we usually start things off with.
How was your gaming week?
It was very Ragnarok-ing, as usual.
And then I turned on my DS to play some Final Fantasy VI and then turned it off promptly because I ran out of time.
And that was pretty much it.
Oh, yeah.
And we were going to be able to get another pinball machine, but that fell through.
Which pinball machine?
Attack from Mars.
Oh, I like that one.
One of the pinball 2000 ones.
Yeah.
Well, that's one with the holograms in it. I love that one.
But we were sort of dicked around on it, so it fell through.
We played one of those at, like, Huzar one time.
We put rubber bands on the side so that the ball can't fall down.
Oh, lots of fun.
Well, we were somehow going to get it for $1500 because the guy was selling that and Adam's family and two other machines.
And then the people who were going to go in with Dan and Will to buy it ended up not doing it.
So it was like, oh, yeah, one of the other machines was, like, Fish Tales, which I've never heard of.
And I was like, who owns a fishing pinball machine?
So, yeah.
So it was almost eventful in the realm of pinball.
But, you know, obviously anybody who's been listening to this show for any significant amount of time knows that you have a love obsession with pinball.
Besides Big Bang Bar, the Uber Rare table, what pinball table would you like to own more than anything?
I actually have a pan list of a couple.
One of them would actually be Black Knight 2000 because we have actually a Black Knight right now that we're borrowing.
Oh, God, I know what this is called.
It's one that's like an airplane theme, like a jet theme.
They had it at Pin-A-Go-Go and it was, the whole game was, like, nothing but ramps, pretty much.
Cool. Fun.
I'll have to find the name of it.
How about an old school original pinbot? That's what I want more than anything.
The Bride of Pinbot.
The Bride of Pinbot's pretty rad, but I want old school original pinbot.
The one I'm thinking of, though, is Theater of Magic.
Theater of Magic, maybe Addams Family, but Theater of Magic would definitely be on the top of my list.
I mean, I have the machine I want most.
I have World Cup Soccer 94.
That is the machine to me. I have the one I want.
And the husband's not allowed to sell that ever.
Ever.
And I have the other one that I really like, which is Twilight Zone.
Oh, cool.
So, those two were up there for my two favorite tables.
You know Dr. Who's pinball?
We actually are working on Still Trying to Get Me a Dr. Who.
Very cool.
I almost bought the TARDIS out of a Dr. Who on eBay, and then I was like, but it's not...
I remember, like, working, like I said, working in Qzart and it had that yelling in the background
because there's just being a little demo loop with EXTERMINATE!
It's like, okay, enough of that.
A Tommy machine wouldn't be bad.
Tommy, can you hear me?
It has the giant pinball on top.
I like the Jurassic Park pinball.
That's when I was like, because the big dinosaur came down and ate your ball.
But my favorite table ever was Addams Family game.
I love that one.
We have a Simpsons pinball party.
That machine's a bitch.
Why is that?
It's hard.
Oh my god, is that the one I...
And Dan got rid of my Rocky and Bullwinkle, which I really liked.
Aww.
But Stern is bringing out a new Indiana Jones table.
I don't know if I mentioned that.
So that's pretty cool.
Yeah, I think last week.
So that's cool.
That's pretty cool.
All right.
Sorry.
The market's still there.
There definitely is still a market for pinball.
It's fun, and there's still rabid fans for that.
But we're getting off base.
Do you play for Klonoa 2?
What's that?
Someone in chat's playing Klonoa 2, and that game's fucking awesome and very depressing.
You know what would bring pinball back is if they made a way to make it competitive
against, you know, a couple tables.
They've had...
I've actually had sort of like a cocktail machine that had two sides on it.
At Classic Gaming Expo, and I think I've seen it there, and at Pinagogo, they have the versus
tables.
But those are...
They're not very fun.
If you want to join our chat room so Jamie can have random outbursts at the games you're
playing this week, chat.orangeloungeradio.com is the place to go do it.
Meanwhile, Loki, I'm thinking you're going to bring us back to console games with your
gaming week.
Yes.
This week I played Crisis Core, so that was pretty cool.
It's definitely a lot different than, say, your typical Final Fantasy RPG.
I'm not sure if it's too similar to 12.
The combat system's sort of real time, I guess.
You run around and you kind of mash buttons, but it's okay.
It's very linear so far, but like I said, I'm not that far in the game.
But if it continues the way it is, it's a very linear game.
But it's fun so far.
I love the cutscenes, though.
The cutscenes are pretty awesome.
Then I've also played Saints Row, actually the single player, because I'm trying to finish
it before Grand Theft Auto IV comes out.
Almost done with the game, though.
I'm on the last third.
And then I played just some weird stuff that we'll be probably getting into later, like
that Romjek Fail and Tetroid 2012.
That game's weird.
It's like Tetris and Silent Hill with Arkanoid.
I have to see this, because when Loki says, it's Tetris meets Silent Hill, I'm like, what
the hell is that supposed to mean?
It's weird, though.
All right.
You've got to check it out.
All right.
I will.
That's pretty much it.
I think I may have played a little bit of Brawl in there, too, at some point.
The cool thing, though, because mainly this entire week I've been busy trying to get that
stupid 360 working, the second one that went down, and finally fixed it, actually.
Basically at a certain point.
It's always when I just say, okay, fuck it.
It's not going to work ever again.
I'm just going to go all out.
What I did was I took the heat gun and really concentrated it on the GPU chip or whatever,
and I got a different error code.
I found out that the error code means that the RAM has a bad solder joint, and there's
a way to fix that.
You just put a couple washers on there, and you're supposed to superglue them or adhere
them to it.
I did that, and then tightened it up, and sure enough, it worked just fine.
Now we have one more to go, but this one, that was a lot easier, because I bought a
replacement warranty sticker, so I'm going to slap that on there and put the old case
back on there and send it to Microsoft.
I pray it works.
This one didn't work at all.
So far, three out of six have broken, but I fixed two out of the three, so that's not
bad so far.
Nice.
Is there anything else to report?
Nothing else?
That's pretty much it.
Hopefully we'll have some cool stuff to show Justin.tv later, but right now, that's about
it.
Speaking of Justin.tv, we do have a webcam feed of our show.
It's kind of crap tonight.
I don't know, the Wi-Fi is kind of in and out tonight, so it's been cutting in and out,
but if you want to check it out, www.Justin.tv slash Orange Launch Radio is where our cam
is at.
Meanwhile, my gaming week, I kind of had a retro week.
I don't know what it is.
I fired up Xbox Live one day, and I was just like, I'm going to go through and play all
these old games again.
Sometimes you get in that mood for retro, at least I do.
I get in those moods where I want to play Root Beer Tapper today.
Yeah, I've played the game a million times, but it's still one of my favorites from way
back yonder.
So I was playing Root Beer Tapper, Tempest, and some of the other things on Xbox Live
that are not like scream up and down and shout and type wonderful games, but they are classics.
Some of them, I don't even like the upgraded versions, and some of them, I don't think
I like the upgraded version of Tempest nearly as much as the original.
I don't know if it's just like, I can't see as much of what's going on or what have you,
but whatever.
I got some old achievements that for some reason I never got, so it was kind of fun.
Also checked out that new release, T-Quall, whatever that new puzzle game is on Xbox Live
this week, which is okay.
It's kind of like Tetris meets Luminous, sort of.
You have to make the little blocks that you do in Luminous, but you make them with Tetris
shaped pieces in different colors.
And it's not just two colors, it's like four different colors.
It's kind of different.
There's a lot of different power ups.
It's interesting though because the presentation of the game, the whole fact that it's kind
of like that tribal jungle Amazon type thing really reminds me of Zuma.
Yeah, I was going to say that.
No other game has.
It seems like some of the sound effects are ripped right out of Zuma, but yet I don't
believe this game is a PopCap game.
I believe it's made by somebody else.
Now the game itself has nothing to do with Zuma.
I mean, the games themselves are completely separate except for the fact that they're
both puzzle-ish games.
They have that other one too that's just like kind of Zuma or the same tribal thing.
It was, not Crystal Quest.
It was...
Oh, Magnetica.
No, no, no, no, not like Zuma, I'm talking about the tribal thing, it's an Xbox Live
Arcade game.
Oh, Jewel Quest.
Jewel Quest, yeah.
And Jewel Quest is like bejeweled with one little twist to it.
It's interesting.
But I didn't end up really buying the full version of it because the demo gives you really
good taste of the game and I just, I don't know, I can't keep justifying these little
five and ten dollar purchases for games I'm not going to play more than a couple times.
So that's that.
Some days I do wish Xbox Live would switch to that model of you just pay a point, there's
so many points, just play the game a couple times, you know what I mean?
Like a rental?
Like a regular arcade or a rental, I don't know.
But that'll never happen.
So.
Gerardimo in chat says, Tikal, or Tikal, how in the hell are you supposed to pronounce
that even?
Tikal?
I would guess it would be Tikal.
Tikal?
I think it would be Tikal because the U would not give, there's no U there.
Yeah, all right, Tikal.
It means like T-qual, like Tiki or Tikal.
I like Tikal.
Gerardimo says Tikal, a mashup of good puzzle games, why did you expect it to be decent?
Because I like puzzle games.
And I would say it's decent, it just didn't, like it didn't wow me.
Like the first time I played Luminous I was like, this game is the shit, I love this game.
It didn't wow me, but it wasn't horrible either.
The other thing I did during my gaming week, you know I'm like, I think I mentioned this
a couple weeks ago on the show, I've been really late to the Steam bandwagon, you know,
on the PC, getting Steam and checking that out, which is kind of like XFire meets Xbox
Live meets an online type store kind of thing on your PC.
I downloaded that a couple weeks ago and I finally bought a game this week.
And the game I bought was Portal, because Loki finally took his copy of the Orange Box
backs a little while ago, and I was very sad I couldn't play that on Xbox 360 anymore.
But the only game in there I was like really, really missing and wanting to play again was
Portal.
And I'll tell you what, big difference, and I know this is like a classic debate, but
it's not something I often think about because I do most of my gaming on console and, you
know, World of Warcraft on the PC and a couple other things here and there, I don't have
to think about this, but there really is a world of difference between keyboard and mouse
and two analog sticks.
Like, I think I actually do a lot better with the keyboard and mouse than I do analog sticks,
you know?
And, you know, I know it's a classic debate, people say this is better, this is better.
I might actually be a little better at Halo if I could use a keyboard and mouse in it.
And yes, I know I could get Halo 2 and Vista, but I don't have Vista, so.
Well, you can also get one of the, they have the T-mix, the cuter stuff that you can buy
that, you know, can hook up a keyboard and mouse and do it that way.
I do like how you actually fire the portal gun with a PC, your left or right click.
Yeah.
I see, I think that that's a little bit more intuitive.
Yeah, I don't know, I just, I like, I kind of like the feel of it on the PC a little
better than I did on the Xbox 360.
You know, the Xbox 360, I could still play that on my big screen TV and it was loud and
it was nice, you know, and this one, whereas I have a wide screen monitor out here, it's
not very big, but it's still pretty, so, you know, same game.
You know we love Portal here at Orange Launch Radio, I don't have a lot else to say about
the game, but just kind of making that transition was very interesting, because it's the exact
same game, just playing it two different ways, and I think I actually do a lot better with
the mouse, and I think part of what Jamie said has a lot to do with that, just the way
you control the firing and just the movement is different and all that, so.
It took me a minute to get used to moving, though, because sometimes with the whole WASD,
like I think if you hit two of them at the same time, it gets confused, like, you know,
it's a little unlike World of Warcraft, which also does WASD, but anyway.
One thing I will say about the difference on there, too, just for perspective, I get
more motion sick watching it on a TV.
Is it because it's just bigger, and so more of your vision is taken up by the images?
That could possibly be it, but I was watching on a wide screen laptop before.
RossdielUT in chat says, Street Fighter would be an atrocity on a keyboard and mouse.
Yeah, I remember an old, actually, I had Street Fighter II Turbo, Super Duper, whatever it
was, the last big one they did, they had a computer version of it on CD that had Redbook
audio for the different stages, like redone music, and so yeah, I had that on the PC,
and I played it on the keyboard, and it's just not the same, it's just not the same.
And then I go way, way back, and I think about Stick Fighter.
Stick Fighter is fucking awesome.
If you've ever played Stick Fighter, remember that game back in the day?
If you've never played Stick Fighter, it's gotta be out there on the internet somewhere.
It was one of those, like, back in the shareware days.
You probably have to get a slowdown program to make it work okay, I imagine it's like,
way, but Stick Fighter was a Street Fighter II clone, but it used nothing but stick figures,
but they actually stole voice samples out of the game and some of the later versions,
it was great.
That was great.
All right, let's get into tonight's housekeeping, since we're done with our gaming weeks, we'll
get into housekeeping tonight, and I know the question on everybody's mind is, okay,
we dropped that bombshell last week, that Orange Lounge Radio is going to be closing
its doors as a live 24 hour a day, seven day a week station as of April 12th.
I'm sorry, April, yeah, no, April 12th is our last broadcast day.
So you know, there's been a lot of question, and this all came up very last minute for
us last week.
Apparently, we found out about it like 45 minutes before we went live.
So we really had to kind of scramble to figure out what we were going to do.
I want to kind of thank everybody that sent us emails this week and sent us private messages
and all of that sort and posts on forums and things with suggestions for us.
I think I got told to check out about 10 different websites.
A couple people actually offered to host a streaming thing for us.
I wasn't able to do a lot of research on that, but I think that's very cool that people would
do that.
But ultimately, we decided to take things in a different direction, and it was kind
of the first thing that came, it was the first idea that we had here at Orange Lounge Radio
to do with the future of the show.
And first, let me say this as well, chat, it's not April Fool's, okay?
It just so happens live 365.
You know, if you've listened to this show long enough, you know we freaking hate April
Fool's Day, okay?
So the last thing we would do is do something crappy like that for April Fool's Day.
This is not an April Fool's joke, okay?
So now I lost my train of thought.
Damn you, chat.
What was I saying?
Oh, yes.
So the first idea that came to our minds is the one we decided to go with.
So we emailed some people and did some talking, and it looks like everybody's on board.
So this is what's going to happen, folks, starting April 13th, that's episode number
275 of our show, we will now be officially a part of AllGames.com.
We are going to merge, essentially, some of our shows from our station with the operations
they have over at AllGames.com.
And in a way, I've been kind of joking all week long, it's creating a Voltron of independent
podcasting, and that's kind of what I really believe in what's going to happen.
Because while we could have set up our own feed and taken one of these offers to set
up our own thing and run our own music feed and live thing, music and all that stuff takes
a long time to set up.
It's more than just putting MP3s at random, trust me for this.
So it's kind of like, why would we want to do that and run this whole separate thing
when there's this perfectly established station going on over there that we already have a
good relationship with because our show's been syndicated over on the network.
We know the people there, we like the people over there, we're kind of something different-ish
on the network, it's a type of show they don't have otherwise.
Why go run off and do our own thing when we can instead come together and form a bigger
and better station?
Because look at all the experience that's going to be going into this.
You've got All Games, they've been up for what, 10, 11 years, like a shitload long time.
We've been running for five and a half years.
You take all that experience and bring it together, that's going to be awesome.
And here, let me tell you guys the perks as far as live listener goes.
This means no more registering to sign up to listen up, no more listener caps.
I think there is a listener cap on All Games, but it's like 1,000 or some ungodly number
will never hit.
There's the fact that you can listen to it on your PSP now.
If you check out allgames.com on your PSP, and I believe it's one of the preset stations
in the PSP as well.
It's going to be a good thing.
The more and more I think about it, the more I think this is the right idea for us.
Here also, I have no announcements at this time as far as our other shows go, speaking
of Travis Donovan and DMN, however, we are in talks to have that be a part of the merge,
and they didn't say no.
Right now, that's all in limbo.
I have nothing further to say at this time, but that is exciting that some of our other
stuff will probably go over there as well if everybody's happy.
Let's put it that way.
I think it'll be good though.
I think it's going to be a great thing.
Anything else you guys want to add?
I got nothing to add.
Nothing to add?
Dark Sakura?
I like pastrami.
You like pastrami?
Yes, none of the content of our show is going to change, and that's the other great thing
about this mergingwithallgames.com is that they know our shtick.
They know what we do.
They don't want us to change anything, so we're not going to.
We might do some aesthetic type changes with this move, like we might take the opportunity
to clean up our album art, maybe do a different audio.
We might make some small aesthetical changes, but as far as the content that you're actually
going to hear in the show, nothing's going to change in that regard.
According to Jamie, there will be more pastrami.
There may be more pastrami.
We'll have to work on that, but nothing's going to change.
As far as podcasts go, if you guys are listening on the podcast only and you've never been
able to join us for the live experience, not a damn thing's going to change for you, really.
We might experiment with some different sound qualities because we're actually going to
be broadcasting a higher quality over on allgames.com than we were here, so we might change some
things in the way we're distributing the podcast, but honestly, you're not going to have to
change your subscription or anything like that.
You're still going to get the podcast.
It's like nothing ever happened for you guys if you've never listened to us live.
It's going to be like nothing ever happened.
I hate to say it, even though the sound may be in higher quality, the show will not.
Yes, the show will not be in higher quality, I'm sorry to say.
There it is.
I don't know.
Is there anything else to add?
Anything else we should say?
I don't think so.
I'm out of soda.
That's not good.
When I say no content change, that also means everything the live folks are used to, like
the little special thing we do after the show that we call the afterbirth, that is actually
not going away, and I was very surprised.
I thought we might have to make some changes to that, but they were very open, and we don't
have to change anything about our afterbirth.
Very excited.
We don't have to change anything.
Oh, well, maybe we'll have to remove the segment of Make Fun of Bobby Black Wolf.
Oh, yeah, we will have to get rid of the Make Fun of Bobby Black Wolf segment, probably,
but that's all right.
I think that's about it.
Nothing else to say, so I guess we're going to move into... I'm wondering if there's
any other questions in chat.
Let's see.
Am I still able to tune in with iTunes and WinApp?
Yes, and you'll be able to do it a whole lot easier, actually, because you don't have to
register for Light
of the Week.
I need it easier than that.
I don't.
Bookmark it.
I don't know what else to tell you.
Zlatan asks, will it be 30 seconds behind Live 365?
I do not think the buffer will be as great, because I think we're having to... Because
right now we send from my computer to Live 365, who encodes it to their server that's
in... I don't think it's going to be as much of a delay.
I think there will still be a delay, but that's inevitable because of the encoding process,
but it won't be like 30 seconds.
It'll be an hour.
Oh, Bobby Black Wolf is in chat helping to clear the air right now.
Thank you, Bobby.
He actually says it still will be 30 seconds, but that's just inevitable, because it's buffer
and all that stuff.
Rasteel UT says, fuck that.
Bring Black Wolf on and make fun of him.
We just might do that, actually.
No, we love Bobby, of course.
Bobby has actually been very instrumental in making this happen, so we love Bobby.
Actually, that's another really good thing, is because when we're live on Sunday nights,
Bobby's show airs at 5 o'clock, and he says that he's going to keep his show to an hour.
Maybe occasionally he'll run over, but very little.
The nice thing is, is that instead of having just kind of like music as a lead in, we're
going to have a really good quality show.
It's almost like being on a real television network, where you have a quality show as
a lead in to your show.
It's going to be great, and I think the listeners are really going to benefit, and we're all
going to benefit, because we'll get some of Bobby's people, he'll get some of our people.
That's all goes into the Voltron of independent podcasting, the future.
It's like when they have heroes on, and then they have Chuck, and then everyone turns the
TV off when Chuck comes on.
Well, I'm hoping it doesn't go like that, but maybe.
Rob.
What?
Will it blend?
It may indeed blend.
We'll see.
We2 in chat says, as usual, OLR is the gamer tech podcast, whatever happened to OLR Food
Network.
OLR Food Network is still here.
Pastrami, Jamie?
Yum.
All right.
With cheese and grilled onions, and no burger.
All right.
I'm so mad.
So this is going to be a good thing, but regardless, we really appreciate those of you guys that
have supported our own live feed over the past five and a half years of our music feed.
I know some of you guys were listening to us at work, but now you have allgames.com
to listen to.
You always did.
They play music during the day.
They play a different mix of video game music than we did, but it's a good mix of music.
It's a little more current mix of music in some regards, and they also have talk radio
that plays throughout the day, which I think is highly entertaining, and you never know
what might happen in the future.
You never know.
This is going to free all of us up to kind of be working towards a more common goal now
and working on kind of the visibility of the same radio station.
It's going to be a good thing.
All right.
I'll shut up.
I'll stop talking about it.
We're beating this topic into the ground.
Let's get into tonight's gaming news.
Loki.
Speaking of beating stuff into the ground, Activision's Guitar Hero Aerosmith has announced
its first few tracks that will be available for, I guess, fans of Aerosmith.
Of course, included in these are Make It, Uncle Salty, Draw the Line, No Surprise, and
Sweet Emotion.
That's kind of neat.
There's going to be, I guess, 40 plus songs in the game.
Sixty percent of it, of course, I guess, will be devoted to Aerosmith.
In fact, actually, I saw the way they kind of have it set up is neat.
You're going to be doing different sets, I guess, follow their career a little bit.
They'll have two songs that are openers that are from a different band, and then they'll
have three Aerosmith songs, maybe a bonus song or something like that, and they're going
to have different sets set up like that.
As long as it's better than Guitar Hero Rocks the 80s, right?
I think it will be.
What do you think?
What do you think is the sellability of a game like this that really focuses on one
band?
I know, yeah, they might have songs from other bands in it, like I heard they're going to
have Lenny Kravitz and people that have worked with Aerosmith, but Aerosmith's name is on
the cover.
It's Steve Tyler's lips.
Yes, and those big old lips are on the cover.
Is that going to be enough, do you think, to sell this game?
Maybe, but here's the thing.
I would just, the easiest way to decide if you want this game or not, just wait until
they get down to the point where they announce the entire soundtrack to the game.
My guess is they're not going to have download content for this game.
It's probably just going to be these songs and that's it, because why would they cut
into their Guitar Hero 3 download content, which of course is still going to be going
on until Guitar Hero 4 comes out.
If it's just something that sounds like you may like, if you're a fan of Aerosmith, great.
It's more power to you.
If you hate Aerosmith, you probably won't buy this game.
I think we can all be in agreement.
A lot of these music games are really starting to melt, get to the point of getting sick
of this.
In fact, we'll be getting to some other stuff later, like Sing Star.
I'm thinking part of the reason that makes this so alluring is that it looks like they're
just using the same damn engine from Guitar Hero 3.
It's updated a little bit.
The engine itself is actually upgraded a bit.
Define a little bit.
The graphics are a little bit better, animations are recaptured and they're a lot smoother.
Stuff like that.
But yeah, it's basically Guitar Hero 3.
Gerardimo in chat, chat.orangewellandshare.com, suggests Guitar Hero ABBA mix.
I'd be down with that.
But do they use any real guitar?
No, but you know, they have an opening for a drummer, so they might be Drum Hero.
No, I have to laugh though.
You're going to love this.
Well, I have to laugh because on the trailer, you know how they have all the little logos
of the different people that have products in the game and stuff like that, and Gibson
was on there?
I'm like, oh, that's funny.
Oh, the irony.
Ironic.
Very ironic.
It's like Ray-Ain.
Well, we'll hear more about Guitar Hero Aerosmith in the future, I'm sure, as we get closer
to the release date.
Another game we're hearing more and more about is Ninja Gaiden 2, which looks bloody fantastic.
Emphasis on bloody.
It looks wonderful.
Ninja Gaiden 2, if you want to see all that blood, the demo is going to be coming in May.
May is going to be the delivery of the Ninja Gaiden 2 demo.
That is according to Microsoft's Ninja Gaiden 2 website.
And apparently, there's also supposed to be some exclusive content beginning on April
15th.
But if it's anything like previous exclusive content, it's probably crappy gamer picks
and crappy themes, and maybe some cool-looking trailers.
But I wouldn't expect that there's going to be like, you know, a pre-demo.
I mean, I don't think you can have it.
So I'm pretty sure it's just gamer picks and stuff.
The game, by the way, comes out on June 3rd, and I think there's a lot of folks that are
very excited about it.
Ninja Gaiden Hi-Rez.
I miss, what was her name from Ninja, Irene.
I miss her from the original game.
Remember the CIA agent or whatever she was?
Those cutscenes were so frickin' epic back then in the NES days.
Now you expect cutscenes in your games.
Back then, epic.
Just epic.
Well, one thing that we've talked about on the show before is the Penny Arcade game that's
supposed to be, well, an episodic series, Penny Arcade Adventures on the Rainslick Precipice
of Darkness.
There is a price out for it now, $19.95, which would be about half that numeric value in
pounds for our UK listeners, and that's just for the Windows, Mac, and Linux version of
the game.
It's going to be released on Linux, that's cool.
There is an Xbox Live Arcade version that will have a simultaneous launch, no price
released yet.
Five to ten hours of playing for you, so that's pretty cool.
Ninja Gaiden No, it's weird.
I thought that they were saying that the, I want to say that the Xbox Live Arcade version
was going to be $20, which I thought was kind of surprising, seeing as they haven't really
had a game that would spend $20.
I think the most was like Luminous with $15 and stuff, but $20 for that game is really
expensive.
Penny Arcade It is a little steep.
Ninja Gaiden This game better be epic as well, for $20.
Penny Arcade I'm going to pay that much money, I'll just
get it on Windows.
Ninja Gaiden But, yeah, I was going to say, you know, $20
is kind of the average of your $19.95 is what you pay for a low budget Windows game, so
is it really that obscene of a price on Xbox Live?
Not really, you know, but as long as the game is quality, that's what's important.
You know it has a great tie-in, you know, I don't know a lot of gamers who don't love
Penny Arcade, or at least like and respect it a lot, so you know it's going to be at
least the quality there, it's just the question of, but will it be, it's kind of like that
question, will it blend?
Will it blend into a game?
We'll see.
Ninja Gaiden Yeah, now a game that we're probably not
going to get over here, unfortunately, Raiden Fighters Aces has gotten a demo on the Japanese
Xbox Live, of course I think some of us who have Xbox Live accounts in Japan might be
able to download that, I haven't tried it yet though.
Now Raiden Fighters Aces is, I believe, just a collection of the three Raiden Fighters
games, of course Raiden Fighters, Raiden Fighters 2, Operation Helldive, and Raiden Fighters
Jet, or actually all three of those from the late 90s, and great top-down shooter games.
You know, there was, back in the day on the Playstation, there was just, for the first
two Raiden games, you know before these came out, there was a compilation on there, I would
like to see one that's all of them.
That would be a big compilation.
That would be a very big compilation.
That would be epic.
You know what that compilation's called?
MAME.
Actually, the boards for the first three Raiden games have been intensely difficult for them
to crack.
I think that they've only gotten, they haven't, as far as I know they haven't cracked Raiden
DX yet.
That game was fun, we had that at our round table.
I like the electric one that latches on and does the swirly bit.
That was my favorite one.
Yeah.
Very cool.
Alright, well, talking about games coming from Japan and shooter games, you know, I
guess somebody out there was just thinking to themselves, like, you know, we don't have
enough shoot-em-up games on Xbox Live.
We really don't.
We need more.
And luckily, though, one of the granddaddies of shoot-em-up games is on its way to Xbox
Live Arcade.
It's Ikaruga.
So I guess we can make room for that.
We can find room in there somewhere.
And of course, we've been having rumors about this game for a couple weeks now, and the
latest one, I think last week we had the month nailed down as April, well, this week, thanks
to the Japan's version of Xbox.com, we now know that the release date is set to be April
9th.
Now, of course, all these types of things are always subject to change, and who knows,
the Japanese website could have been wrong, but, you know, it does look pretty likely
it's going to be out in early April rather than later, which isn't a bad thing because
Ikaruga is pretty awesome.
It is pretty awesome.
So I guess we can make room for one more shooter if it's Ikaruga.
You know what?
You know what I would rather see than Ikaruga?
What?
Radiant Silver Gun.
You never know.
I wish.
Well, in other news as far as games to be out, and this is actually more of a leak from
the ESRB, and this would be also for Xbox Live, Darwinia is supposed to be coming out
and it actually was confirmed.
It's actually listed as Darwinia Plus, Survival of the Flat, or, which is, okay, from what
I'm understanding on here, it's a multiplayer version, Multiwinia, Survival of the Flattest,
so it's fairly interesting.
We've had a lot of people tell us about this game that it's supposed to be really good,
but there's actually a demo out for Windows, Mac, and Linux right now.
Quel Tipo in chat says, screw Darwinia, I want Darwin awards the game.
Isn't that just pain on PlayStation Network?
I'm not sure.
That sounds sort of like it.
But no, Darwinia, I've heard nothing but good things about Darwinia, so it's kind of neat
that these little games are getting this more massive distribution, and I'm assuming from
the whole Plus in the name, there's going to be a lot of extra futures, which probably
will be justifying the cost of it on Xbox Live, but I look forward to an easy way to
check it out.
Well, if anyone wants to check out the demo, go to introversion.co.uk slash Darwinia, and
you can download the demo there.
Very cool.
Another game we can look forward to around Christmas this year, of course, for whatever
reason, Microsoft likes to release at least one family game around that time.
This year, instead of, and I can only hope that's instead of, Viva Pinata and Viva Pinata
Party Animals, and probably another Viva Pinata sequel, we get Banjo Kazooie 3, and to be
honest, I had never played the original game.
It's a headache.
No interest from me whatsoever, but hey, I know a lot of people liked it.
I played it once, and I know it has a rabid fan base because of its quirky sense of humor.
Yes.
If you're looking forward to it, I would say you're probably going to see it in November.
How highly anticipated do you think this game is?
One thing I also know about Banjo Kazooie is that it's been a long time since there's
been a game in this series.
They teased it at E3 last year, but that's probably the last we've heard of it.
I don't know.
It'll be neat.
I mean, they need some good family games, I guess, because Viva Pinata's not that great.
No offense.
No, no, no.
There's people that love Viva Pinata.
I think the wrong people that Microsoft thought were going to get into Viva Pinata got into
Viva Pinata.
Here's the thing.
They should take a note from it that they need a good sim game on the Xbox 360, okay?
Then what they should do, though, Viva Pinata, though, it's not like your traditional platform
gamer game.
I think that's going to appeal to a lot of people because they like their Marios and
stuff like that.
But I think Banjo Kazooie is going to have kind of the same effect as Ratchet and Clank
and that kind of stuff.
Maybe not so popular, but it'll still be pretty decent.
Hopefully decent enough for Banjo Kazooie 4 for fans of the series.
So we'll see.
Gold Banjo in chat says Banjo Kazooie is awesome.
That's what my screen name is named after.
So if you want to know where the Banjo in Gold Banjo comes from, there it is.
I was not aware of that.
I was not either, but now I know.
The more you know.
All right.
I know it's half the battle.
Something else you should be aware of.
If you are cheating on Xbox Live, you're about to get spanked by Microsoft because you've
been very, very naughty.
Here's the deal is that Microsoft has been going through and finding people who have
been cheating in games doing save game hacks and how do people cheat their game or score?
Loki, you ought to know this stuff.
Why would I know this stuff?
Just because I know you would know this stuff.
Well, apparently there's some workarounds that they can actually do where it hacks their
actual profile that you don't even need to play the game to get the achievement points
from.
Wow.
That's what they're really cracking down on is stuff like that.
Interesting.
Well.
Because you can't do the save stuff anymore.
They have that stupid digital rights management thing that they threw in there to fuck everybody
over with everything.
That stopped people from save swapping and stuff like that.
And not all the games worked with save swapping, so it was very unreliable stuff.
Well, here's the thing is that now for these people, their score is getting zapped to zero.
Their gamer score is getting completely erased, gone.
And if you look at their profile on Xbox.com, there's a big old little question mark on
their profile and it says, what happened to their gamer score?
They've been caught cheating.
So now these folks basically get the scarlet question mark, or it's more of the orange
question mark on their profile that labels them as a cheater.
I can't wait because I'm not too optimistic on Microsoft and picking people that cheat.
And I have a feeling they're going to make some mistakes in there and they're going to
pick people that did not cheat and they're going to mark them as cheaters and that's going
to have a whole backlash thing.
I mean, I would just ban these people from Xbox Live.
Why aren't they just doing that?
Because they seem to do that with everything else.
I don't understand why they just have to...
Making examples of them.
Well, that's fine.
I have no problem with them making examples of them, but I have a feeling that they're
going to get some people that really didn't cheat.
Why's it got to be an orange question mark?
What's wrong with orange?
You got a problem with orange, Microsoft?
Why's it got to be an orange question mark?
Jerks.
Well, it's kind of a gold orange.
Shut up.
But, no, I don't think at the same time Microsoft is like running rampant accusing everybody
of being a witch.
You know?
Witch!
Cheetah!
Burn the cheetah!
We found a witch.
May we burn her?
I don't think Microsoft is running through the village accusing everybody of being a
witch.
I think they just targeted some of the high profile people like Strip Club GJ.
You know, that guy.
And I just know him because he actually messaged me once because I got DDR universe the day
it came out and I was playing it all day long and I had like 500 gamer score and I must
have had one of the higher gamer scores I had had anybody that day because he messaged
me and he was like, how was the game?
Is it good?
Is it easy to get the gamer score?
So I remember him because I laughed my ass off when I saw I was getting this message
from him and I heard he was one of the people that got caught with this and sure enough,
yes he is.
Oh, he was?
Yes, he was.
And he's got the profile on Xbox.com and he's got the, he's a witch, witch, witch, witch,
burn him!
I almost have 10,000 gamer points.
No thanks to my friend playing Rock Band for me.
But that's not cheating in the sense of Microsoft cheating.
Sairan says, how do you know it's a cheater?
It looks like one!
They turned me into a Yaris.
Turned me into a- I got better.
Trip Club DJ made me play Yaris.
That's punch like that.
Burn him!
How do you know they're a cheater?
Build a game out of them!
Let's just hope it doesn't become a witch hunt but Microsoft's been pretty good about
covering their ass because they're saying like, you know, what if somebody calls them
and said my brother did it?
Then Microsoft already has it out there.
Too bad because it's in the terms of agreement.
You're not supposed to share your gamertag with other people.
So nah, nah, nah, nah.
What if you didn't share it but they didn't put any sort of password protection on the
account and when you weren't there, someone used your account and cheated.
Witch!
Because you're a witch and you share your account, evil witch.
Well it's just like- Not all witches are evil!
Just like if your thing read rings or whatever and you happen to have plugged it into a surge
protector.
You're like, oh see, that's why.
That's why our graphics chip fucked up.
It's because you plugged it in a surge protector.
That's true.
We wouldn't want to forget about Glenda the Good Witch.
No.
I know.
Nowadays, being a witch is religious.
I know, I know.
Witch is a very broad term.
You know what we're parodying here, Jamie.
It should be a Goomba hunt.
It should be a release date!
Yeah, how about that?
I got some release dates right here, okay?
Um, I have four.
And two of them are the same game.
Alright, what's that?
So, um, Baroque on the first for PS2 and Wii, and Condemned 2 Bloodshot on Xbox 360 and
PS3.
And that's it.
Now, how can she predict the future about all these games coming out in the UK?
It's because she's a witch!
No.
Witch!
No, it's because I have reliable sources.
Oh, okay.
So, no.
Reliable witch sources!
Alright, let the joke die, Jesus.
And lit some charcoal and read it in the smoke.
No, I want the witch hunt joke to die now before it gets too old.
Just watch, there's going to be a wiki on it now.
I love the OLR wiki more than anything.
It's so great.
Sorry.
Alright, uh, Loki, what's coming out in the US?
Not a whole lot of good stuff, unfortunately.
No, this time around we get some crap, including Rafa Nadal Tennis on the DS.
I think that came out already, but eh, whatever.
It's probably a GameStop exclusive, but that's okay, it sucks.
Octomania got delayed, I guess, a week or so.
That's now coming out on the Wii, $19.99 for a puzzle game, and it has online, so that's
not bad.
And it's Atlus, you gotta support Atlus.
And let's see, Mana Kima Alchemist of Aurovis, and that's a new Koei RPG for Playstation
2.
There's a game called Toy Shop, which is coming out on the DS, I guess it's like a sim toy
shop game.
And let's see here, Call of Duty 4 Game of the Year Edition, that's coming out on the
first as well.
That's just a re-release of Call of Duty 4 with the downloadable map pack, or token for
that.
So if you don't have it yet, that's probably the way you want to go.
And let's see here, there's also World Championship cards on the PSP, but that's pretty much it.
Let's head on over to Japan and look at the release dates over there, really nothing to
look forward to on Xbox 360, I'm sorry to say.
There is stuff on Playstation 3, if you like Eye of Judgment, you can get some of the expansions
over there, that's about it.
Moving on to the Nintendo Wii, gosh, really not a lot there as well.
This is a very slow week in Japan as far as the next gen systems go.
Well on the Playstation 2 you get Pro Yaku Spirits 5 comes out, which is another baseball
simulator game, so there's that, I suppose, to look forward to.
And let's see if there's anything on the handhelds, surely there's got to be something on the
Nintendo DS.
No, there's really not.
Oh, on April 3rd there is some stuff coming out.
Let's see, there's One High Ten Fun de Igaju Zunikakuru DS, from Bondi comes a game called
Detective Conan.
That's an interesting and old school anime series.
There's a new game coming out there, and this game coming from a group called FonFon, is
the publisher for this one, Kuchan no Shiwashi Kantan Oriuri Recipe comes out, and it looks
like a cooking game, or it could be, I don't think it's cooking, I think this is actually
like a virtual cookbook.
It looks like it has like 300 recipes in a little virtual cookbook.
They were supposed to release something like that out here, but they never did.
Well you can import this one, except I hope you can read Japanese, or it's really not
going to do you a lot of good.
Well then you probably aren't going to be able to do it.
Anything on the PSP?
Yes, Star Ocean Second Evolution comes out on the Sony PSP from Squeenix.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, so that would probably be one of the bigger releases in Japan this week, otherwise
you've got to really wait until next week.
Not a lot of big releases in Japan this week, I guess it's a slow week all around, but probably
because we're kind of in a little bit of a slow period until we get into like the summer
games, then we'll see a lot of stuff.
Out of curiosity real quick before we get into the next story, because summer games
reminded me, there's the Olympics this year, yet outside of Mario and Sonic at the Olympics,
I haven't heard of a lot of like Beijing video games.
What's up with that?
It seems like every year there's an Olympics, there's some horrible games.
Sega is putting out an Olympics game in June.
Is there?
Oh, okay.
Beijing Olympics, oh wait, so yeah, there is one coming.
Is it coming on the Wii?
PS3 and Xbox 360.
No Wii.
Oh, maybe they don't want it to interview with Mario and Sonic at the Olympics one.
Interesting.
I don't know about that, but there is one coming.
Interesting.
What are you giggling about over there, dare I ask?
I'm looking at the listener profiles on our wiki, and while still you tease is great.
Poor guy.
I know, I'm sorry.
Stop picking on him.
I didn't want to pick on him, but I just did not expect it, so I was like, okay.
Gerardimo said, Sky, why is that bad?
It's not necessarily bad, I'm just curious, and usually these Olympic games are fucking
horrible anyway, but I'm just curious, because I was surprised I haven't heard a lot about
tie-in games when the Beijing Olympics are kind of a big deal.
You want to hear something weird?
What's that?
That's a tough topic here, but next week there's a game, or not next week, but the week after
next there's a game on the DS coming out called Plushies.
That reminds me of like, Furries.
Oh no.
I want my ferret, Rob.
Let the jokes begin.
I want my ferret.
You want the ferret?
Yeah.
We might be able to make that happen, but not unless you read us more news.
I have some news.
Sony has said they're sorry.
We already knew they were sorry, but they've also apologized too.
They now have some updates to the PS3 store, and one of them is Gran Turismo 5 Prologue,
which for the UK is $24.99, with UEFA Euro 2008 demo and Unreal Tournament 3 for free,
and Turok Map Packs for $1.99, and the Eye of Judgment Bio-Rebellion card set for $6.99.
Also PS1 Reel Fishing has been added for $3.49 to PS3 and PSP stores.
Oh, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, Rob, give me.
Hi ferret.
It has a ferret now.
Yes, I found the damn ferret.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
There's also trailers on the PS3 store for Everybody's Golf World Tour, Eye of Judgment,
GT5 Prologue, Dark Sector, and Dynasty Warriors 6, and Sony said, we sorry, poo, poo on us.
Somehow I don't think they phrased it quite like that.
To quote, as previously mentioned, we unfortunately experienced some last minute technical difficulties
and weren't able to publish the new content as planned.
However, we have been working hard to resolve these issues and are pleased to be able to
let you know that basically they're all live on the UK store.
Yeah, this is specific, by the way, to the UK store.
But hey, the Gran Turismo 5 Prologue PAL is out, so if you want to play an extended demo,
go for it.
I was going to say also in the US, they made some announcements of upcoming stuff, not
necessarily anything coming out right away.
But late April, we're going to be getting the Pixel Junk Monsters Encore, which is an
expansion pack to, of course, Pixel Junk Monsters.
Early May, we're going to be getting Echo Chrome, and in May sometime, Elephunk.
And then late May, or early June, Wipeout HD.
So that's pretty cool.
They had some pretty interesting videos for Wipeout, some of them make a pack or something
that got released.
They had some really trippy, kind of like cartoony tracks, I don't know.
So definitely check those out if you own Wipeout Pulse on the PSP, it should be on the Playstation
store.
You can download those.
Okay.
Some other fun stuff, of course...
Hey, guess what?
Bobby said he didn't need to make one creative change to our show, and that is that no more
ferret.
Ferret, no.
The batteries are going to die in that thing.
You know that we've had that thing for as long as we've been doing this show?
It's mascot.
Those batteries are going to die someday.
The ferret is eternal.
No they won't.
You don't understand, Rob.
You can rip them open and put new batteries in, that's how I got those other ones to work.
Why do you have to fucking tell her how to do it?
Like seriously, you could smile and nod and say, yes, Rob, the ferret will die.
But no, you have to say, oh, we can give it a lobotomy.
There's almost a bald spot now from where I've been pressing it in the same spot.
That's ferret abuse.
I'm sorry, are we a video game podcast?
We're the food and ferret cast.
But then you had to mention Bobby and it, you know, halted the show.
Anyways, so Grand Theft Auto IV, of course they like to innovate with each new release
that they're coming out.
Now this is something very interesting.
What they're actually going to incorporate into Grand Theft Auto IV is real world music
downloads, and it's going to be tied in with Amazon.com.
Now the way this works is in the game, you can actually call an in-game service called
Zit on your mobile phone, and you get text messages with song and artist names, as well
as an email if you're a member of the Rockstar Social Club.
And then when you download tracks or whatever, they're going to be about 89 cents to 99 cents,
and they'll actually, of course they're DRM free because they're MP3s, but I guess you
can download them in-game and you also get them in the real world.
So that's pretty cool that you'll be able to download some music.
Somebody by the nickname of Beatmania Slot Machine in our chat room says, Orange Ferret
Fudio.
Oh, I'm sorry, I misunderstood this a little bit.
It's actually, okay, the way this works is the soundtrack for the game, so the music
actually inside the game, not additional music, so if you hear a song you like on the radio
or something like that, you can dial that service in the game and then get the MP3 sent
to you.
I do have to make a comment to Beatmania Slot Machine.
What's that?
It's actually not a slot machine, it's a Pachi slot.
But we'll get to that later.
Don't spoil the upcoming news stories.
Don't spoil them.
I'm just kidding.
But I assume since this is an Xbox 360 game and a PS3 game that you'll be able to put
your own music in there anyways, so that'd be cool.
Aren't they doing this in real cars, too, or at least I know there's that whole like
cell phone thing, like isn't there a commercial on TV for like Verizon or something where
like you hold up your cell phone and it will recognize the song and download it for you
or something like that?
Yeah, there's stuff like that out there.
Of course they want people to have the big red button.
What is that?
Staples?
Is that the chain that has the commercials with the big easy button that you just press
it and it does things for you?
Of course retailers want that with your shopping, one button shopping, because how easy is it
to push a button to get something?
Because there's that whole mental thing of instant gratification, which is what this
whole society is about.
You're not physically taking the money out of your wallet and handing it to somebody
or your purse or whatever.
You're not handing it to somebody.
Therefore it's so much easier to make these stupid impulse buys.
And I think this whole feature, while it's interesting and kind of cool, I guess, for
a video game is kind of capitalizing on that, because you know there are going to be a lot
of people that buy this game and there's going to be a lot of people that are going to be
like, oh, I like this game, click, oh, I just spent a dollar.
But it's just a dollar.
That's what I hate about iTunes.
But I clicked 20 times.
Well, iTunes is almost the same type of thing.
That's what I was saying.
That's what I hate about iTunes, especially since it's on my damn phone.
But at the same time, I like iTunes, but it's a love-hate relationship.
I love iTunes, I love the way it organizes my music and everything, but I do find myself,
it's far too easy to just go, oh, it's just 99 cents for a song, 300 songs later, oh,
I'm broke.
I've gone how many years without buying a damn thing on iTunes until I got my phone?
And then I probably, I'm still okay, I probably only bought like 25 songs total.
It's that convenience.
I'm telling you.
We're such a lazy society.
I mean, it's not necessarily like, I'm not saying like, oh, you're bad or, you know,
oh, you're, but it's just kind of where we are.
I think it's more putting the temptation in there because honestly, and this is how me
personally I am, I believe that the things worth having are worth working for, you know.
It's like, it's like I'm putting a giant cookie, no, no, I got it.
I'm putting a giant piece of pastrami in your hands.
I'm not that big on pastrami.
I wanted pastrami today.
So I got pastrami.
Okay, finally.
Press button.
Get pastrami.
Fine.
Then I put a big bottle of Goldschlager in your hand.
I don't like Goldschlager.
And I say, well, God damn it.
What is something you like?
Here's what I want.
I like sushi.
Okay.
Sushi.
I put a big piece of sushi in your hand and I say, hold on to this for a little bit.
By the way, if you eat that, you can eat it, but it will cost you a couple bucks.
And you're going, gulp.
You're like, oh, it's just a couple bucks, gulp.
Look, here, hold this piece too.
It's like hotel rooms at more upscale, I mean, obviously they don't have it at Motel 6, but
the more upscale type motels, they'll have all the candy and shit sitting out right there
on the table.
And it's like, hey, if you open it, two bucks.
What a terrible thing if you brought kids on the trip.
It's a freaking minibar.
So you know what I do?
Mm-hmm.
I go grocery store down the street and buy me a bottle.
That's what you got to do.
All right.
Sorry.
Tangent.
What are we without our tangents?
That's right.
I was just going to say, I want a service on Xbox Live where I can pay for a pizza with
Microsoft points.
Slash pizza?
Yeah.
But why shouldn't I be able to get one?
Wait.
I bet that type of stuff is only a matter of time away.
Only a matter of time.
I want to be able to stop, pause my game for a second, order pizza.
I guess I could just call up a pizza place and play the game at the same time, but we're
talking about integration, so why not?
But once you get sick of pizza, I mean...
I worked at a pizza place.
No, I don't get sick of pizza.
This is why I love internet TV, you know, because me and every...
I've made it perfectly clear, I hate being a slave to my television.
I hate having to...
And you know, I don't see any money of paying for a DVR when I can just go online and watch
whatever.
You want to hear something that's going to be really bad?
Wait till Spore comes out and they have that service where you can create your character
and then get a figurine of it.
Like, oh my god, that looks awesome, figurine, figurine, figurine, and they deliver this
giant crate of figures for your house.
Nope, I actually would do that, but then again, I also go back and have drawn fan art of my
PSO character in the past, so...
I'll do it too, and I like crappy things made by me, that's why.
Hey everybody, pay me 20 bucks and I'll draw your RPG character.
Did you have another thought you were trying to finish, Jamie, I'm sorry.
Dot dot dot.
I love this comment from rawstealut in regards to the pizza being sold on Xbox Live Marketplace,
but then the pizza would be DRM protected and you'd not be able to eat it if something
went wrong before it got delivered.
I remember what I was saying.
Okay.
What I was saying is that, you know, as long as you have a computer near you, anything
is convenient, because like I was saying, I don't watch TV, but I'll watch whatever
I can on the internet and do all of my other stuff, and I've ordered stuff through online
services before, you know, like, you know, if we were going to order from, like, say
if Dan and I wanted pizza, you can order online at some places while I'm doing plenty of other
things.
So, I mean, really, this whole society is about nothing but convenience, and I'm like,
dude, just go out and get it.
Better yet.
You order, like, Pizza Hut or something like that, because they're kind of affiliated with,
I know, I know, I prefer Roundtable, but that's regional, and, you know, Pizza Hut, they did
the whole affiliation with, you know, Xbox and stuff like that.
So, you order, like, a Pizza Hut pizza, and they have a card from Microsoft Points taped
to the top of the box, and that'd be cool, like, you know, 500 points or something like
that.
That would give me the order more Pizza Hut.
We'll see.
RawsteelUT says, why stop at pizza?
Order sushi, Chinese, and hamburgers.
Or even better, you order the past day and you get a downloadable content or something
like that for Grand Theft Auto, where you can actually have, you know, your Pizza Hut
outfit for your character, and you get a pizza in-game.
That's integration.
They need to hire us as marketing consultants.
I want to bring a soundboard with us to all games.
What do you think?
You think Bobby would love that?
If we take a soundboard with us to all games?
That would be fantastic.
And hey, Geronimo, Papa John's got me through college.
I think we need an actual soundboard first, you know.
We'll work on it.
I just don't want to go crazy with it because, you know, I don't want to go crazy with a
soundboard, but sometimes it's just too good.
All right.
Anyhow, sorry.
Back to video gaming news.
Well, actually, I wouldn't say this is gaming news, Morris.
It is gaming rumor.
That is big, big rumor.
Apparently the achievements for Grand Theft Auto IV have hit the internet.
Two different websites have posted the 50 different achievements that are supposed to
be in the game.
Some of the achievements are supposed to include things like hidden packages, doing types of
stunt jumping, completing certain missions, beating mini games.
Some of the other features, though, are a little weird.
Here's some sample achievements.
Manhunt will get you a 15 gamer score.
Complete the most wanted side missions from the police computer.
Warm Coffee, successfully date a girl to be invited into her house.
That's true, that's a pretty bold achievement, Warm Coffee.
Let Sleeping Rockstars Lie, 10 gamer score.
Kill a rockstar developer in a ranked multiplayer match.
I can see that.
There's just been a couple games that have things like that, Kill the Creator or something
like that.
That would be sweet.
I don't know.
I mean, like, they kind of sound legitimate, but she...
I think it's legit.
The gamer, you know, the profile that they show the gamer score for is one of the rockstar
internal gamer tags or whatever like that, so I'd buy it.
And it sounds legit, and I think that something by now would be leaked out, and who cares?
It's just gamer score.
It's not like it's spoiling the game or anything.
True.
Although they had some interesting things in there, like you can play pool, there's
an arcade game that's built into it, and you can bowl, so...
I kind of knew a lot of that stuff was coming, though, because Grand Theft Auto 3 and Vice
City had a lot of that.
I think it's going to be awesome, and when this game comes out, I'll just have to become
a hermit for a while, so...
Nice knowing you.
Well, a lot of people have been waiting for the Gran Turismo 5 prologue, but they're going
to have to wait even longer for the actual thing, because they're saying it's still
about a year away.
So, if you want any type of Gran Turismo 5 at all, your best bet is to get the glorified
demo on April 17th.
My problem with the fact that this game's a year away is, assuming that they're using
the same engine, and I hope to God that they're not by the time we get around to that, it's
going to be so outdated.
By that time, you're going to have like, Forza 3, and so many other games that do what they
do a lot better.
I don't know, it's just kind of like, not worth it at this point.
Why does it take them so long to model cars when, you know, fucking Project Gotham and
all these other games, you know, have cars that look good as well, and they're well modeled?
I don't understand what's taking them so long to get this game done.
It's like everyone seems to be doing it a lot faster.
That's a quilt Hippo asks in chat, he says, why the hell do these Gran Turismo games take
so damn long?
Does it take that long to sample engine noises?
I mean, the game looks good, don't get me wrong, but it's just, it's not that much better
than like, Project Gotham or Forza, I mean, or even there's like Grid coming up that looks
pretty awesome.
I just, I don't see what, you know, they're putting a lot of time in it, you know, it's
kind of like Duke Nukem Forever type, I mean, not so bad, but, you know, Duke Nukem Forever,
they're putting all this effort and time into it, and then by the time it comes out, it's
just going to be kind of, it'll be good, but it won't be like, whoa, awesome, you know,
I just, you know, Gran Turismo 5 I'm sure will be really big for PlayStation, but will
it really be that big of an achievement?
I mean, I don't know.
I just don't understand why it's taking them so long for this game when, you know, Microsoft
and other companies can push out these games really quick, is my thing.
Well, it's just kind of, I don't know, I hope it's worth the wait for the fans of the series.
I really hope it is.
So there's an interesting rumors going around by, about a possible redesign and the newer
PSP.
Of course, you may remember the original PSP, which is known as the 1000 series, and the
newer PSP Slim, which is the 2000 series.
Well, apparently there is a third design in the works, and actually as part of an online
document for, you know, PlayStation.net, they actually have an image for the 3000 series.
So apparently it does exist, or it will be coming, so there will be yet maybe another
redesign to the PlayStation portable console, and I mean, after all, they were talking that
it was going to be a 10 year life cycle for this portable system, so I can see them making
some more revisions, but I think it's kind of interesting.
Kind of sucks for people that bought, you know, the Slim and the original and stuff
like that.
Now they have to buy a third one.
Seriously, this news alone is making me contemplate not getting, because I was thinking about
getting the Slim just because I wanted the video out, and you know, my PSP is getting
kind of old, and I kind of wanted to get a newer one.
They're coming down a lot in price, but now that I'm like, oh, there's another one that's
going to come out, I'm kind of like, well, maybe I ought to wait.
Remember some other company that did the exact same thing, the Gizmondo?
Remember how they're like, hey, you know what, we're going to have this system.
Oh, by the way, it hasn't released yet, but we're already doing a revision on it, and
you're like, eh, I'm just going to wait until the new one comes out, and then no one bought
it.
But, you know, I've got to wonder, like, you know, Nintendo kind of does the same thing.
Yes, but at the same time, I mean, here's the only difference between, I think, the
DS Lite and the PSP.
The PSP Slim, it limits you to what options you have available for you when you're playing
it.
Like, there's certain, you know, applications that you cannot use on, you know, the fatter
PSP, and also, the newer PSPs have more RAM and other stuff like that, whereas the DS
...
And shorter battery life.
No, the battery life is just the same, and actually, I think a little bit more improved,
but the fact is that...
Well, your friend's wrong.
Anyway, so they have, you know, the DS Lite, it basically is a bit slimmer and has, you
know, a brighter screen, but that's about it.
I mean, most things that run on the DS Lite will also run on the original DS as well.
There's not anything that says, okay, you have to have this, you know, version of the
hardware in order to be able to play this.
That's my only thing.
You know, there were three different versions of the Game Boy Advance.
There was that first one that wasn't backlit, there was the second one that came out that
was backlit, and then there was the real miniature one that could go on, like, your keychain.
So...
I have a micro.
Yeah, the Game Boy Advance, the SP, and the micro.
That's it.
The SP was ill, and then the micro, yeah.
The micro got me through many a line in E3.
The micro was such a waste of time.
But the micro didn't do very well overall, you know.
No, but I love it.
The only problem it sucked for is playing...
RPGs or anything with text?
Well, no, even text wasn't so bad.
It was playing any type of shooter.
I don't know.
I think it's, I guess it's, you know, inevitable that they're going to need to update the system
since you're not going to just come out with a PSP2 yet.
But I don't know, that kind of still sucks for someone that just bought the system.
But...
You should be used to it by now.
I'm sure this PSP 3000 will be unhackable, completely unhackable in any way.
All right, well let's move on to another Sony related story, and that has to do with a much
anticipated title, Metal Gear Solid 4.
The pre-order DVDs are shipping, and they come with that Metal Gear Online beta keys,
and it does announce that the beta is going to begin on April 21st.
You can download the Metal Gear Online beta on April 17th, so I guess they're giving a
little bit of time so that maybe the servers don't all get hammered at once, which probably
isn't a bad idea.
May 5th is when the beta runs until, so that actually isn't a whole lot of time, but...
I forgot, I downloaded, well I haven't quite downloaded it yet, but I'm in the Battlefield
Bad Company beta, which I hear wasn't very good, but I still haven't got a chance to
play it yet.
Hopefully next week I'll be able to talk about it a little bit, but that was another one
that was interesting.
I'll be very curious to hear from some of our listeners who are in on this.
I haven't ordered this because I don't really follow Metal Gear Online quite rapidly, but
I'd be really curious to hear from some of our fans on how this goes, how the online
beta is.
I'm sure there will be plenty of YouTubes and all that stuff, but I like to hear the
first-hand experiences.
Well, for our listeners in Europe, there actually may be an 80GB PlayStation 3 out by this summer.
Right now there's only the 40GB version, but there is a little bit of talk going around
that indicates there is going to be an 80GB model coming out.
So far Sony isn't really doing a good job at saying no about it, so maybe it is.
And there's actually no comment if it's going to even be backwards compatible or anything
else good.
I'm going to guess and say it probably will be as backwards compatible as the 80s over
here.
Now my question for Europe is, do you want it?
I mean, do you really want it?
Here would be my thing for Europe, okay?
They just announced that they're going to release the 80GB system there, and they're
kind of doing a new one for us with the Metal Gear Solid bundle, and I know the same thing
in Japan, but if you just wait a few more months, I will bet you anything in the fall
they will announce yet another SKU, so just like we were talking about before with the
PSP and stuff, just wait a little longer, because unless there's something you really
need to play right away, you can probably wait a few more months for the better games
to be coming out towards the falls, and by that time you can get probably a newer system
with better features for either the same price or less, so that would be my recommendation.
Another game you should definitely wait on buying is Eye of Judgment, and actually the
Eye of Judgment expansion has been having some delays coming to retail, and the reason
for this, Sony says, is transportation issues, so they were having some problem, I guess,
getting it from Wizards of the Coast to retailers.
Hear that, or someone hijacked the trucks?
Was that you?
Were you trying to get sales to not go up?
That wasn't me at all.
Actually it was, according to them, was it, the North American delay can be blamed on
transportation delays from European distributors of Eye of Judgment Byleth Rebellion 2 trading
cards, and they have yet to set a new launch date for the software and cards, but plan
to do so in the near future.
That's okay, everyone can buy the expansion because there's not a lot of people that own
the game.
I wonder if anyone at Wizards of the Coast has heard of the Loki bet.
Does anyone really care?
Sadly, yes, a lot of our listeners seem to care.
Well, they care.
I don't know what it is.
But Wizards of the Coast couldn't give a rat's ass.
Probably not.
Let's see.
Eye of Judgment plus Let's Ride Friends Forever equals Tingle, Cheeseburger's reminder that
we also get to count the sales of Let's Ride Friends Forever in the deck.
Yeah, all five of those.
All right, anyhow, one more story for you guys this segment before we get into the classic
game of the week.
And those of you guys that remember the good old days of OLR, you can appreciate this.
It's something that was alluded to a little bit earlier.
There is now a Pochi slot machine, which really kind of looks like a slot machine to me.
And oh, I was going to play the video for you guys, but it just got the SmackDown taken
off of YouTube.
I've got another one.
That's all right, don't worry about it.
Video doesn't do very good over the radio anyway.
But basically what happens, and I watched it earlier, it looked like a slot machine
to me, like one of those more like video slot machines you'd see in the casinos.
Basically with the slots coming down, when certain symbols come up, you play like a Beat
Mania bonus game, and you use the buttons on the thing to control Beat Mania.
And you know what?
Here's something else that's kind of cool.
That's not the only game that's gotten a slot version as well.
Well, what else?
Ridge Racer!
Yeah, that was also on Kotaku this week.
Did you get to control that?
I don't know.
But they should have like, you know, Kran eating Ken come out and yell, Ridge Racer!
There's also an Evangelion one.
Well, there are 11 different songs on 3 different difficulties, Easy, Medium, and Hard.
So it's certainly not as comprehensive as a new Beat Mania 2DX mix, but nevertheless
it is kind of interesting to see the world of Beat Mania and slot machines combined.
There's also a Parodius Apache slot that I think I've talked about before.
You ever play like slot machines that they have?
Because you don't really gamble, do you?
You don't really play slot machines.
I used to play that Fox Hunt one.
Fox Hunt?
That was at the place.
When I was in Reno last, the one I played a lot of was called the Frog Prince.
You know, and it's basically one where the bonus level is that you kiss different frogs
and you try to find the one that becomes a prince?
It was the dumbest game, but it was for some reason making me a lot of money that night.
Well, I was playing pennies, so it was making me a few dollars, which is a lot in pennies,
so that's why I stuck with it.
But I bring up slot machines and all that, because you know Konami makes a lot of slot
machines.
Even the ones you see over here, they make quite a few of those slot machines.
It's like another business of theirs we never really talk about.
So I see many of their franchises go into those slot machines and Apache slots.
I mean, honestly.
So how about we get into the Classic Game of the Week?
That sounds like a plan.
All right, you know what we do here at Orange Launch Radio at the end of Part A when our
show is winding down here?
We like to pay tribute and respect to gaming's classics, and DarkSakura likes to look through
her archive of games and pick a classic one for you every week.
We call it DarkSakura's Classic Game of the Week.
What classic game should the kids be playing this week, DarkSakura?
Well, this is actually one of my favorite RPGs ever, except honestly it's actually one
of the few that I've played quite a bit through in Japanese, until I had a little problem
playing through it.
The game is Grandia, which is one of the pinnacle, I would say, of Sega Saturn role-playing for
their RPG series.
So it did have quite a few sequels, one of them notably being Grandia 2 that was on Dreamcast
that I remember bringing up on the show years ago, because I thought it was cool that my
Japanese save file worked on the US version, because I put it in and I was like, where
am I?
I don't know what anybody's talking about.
So anyway, Grandia has 3D maps with 2D sprite characters, think like Ragnarok I guess, but
it rotates with your movement, it's from an angled third person perspective, and so it'll
follow with you.
Just a word of warning, the camera works so much better in the Saturn one, you also get
much more of the playfield open than you do with the Playstation one, which is, actually
the 3D looks better in the Saturn one, which is completely baffling to me, since the Saturn
didn't have that tremendous of a 3D processor.
You also have a compass to show you where you go, you get treasure chests inside.
A fun story to it too, you also have skill points that you need to learn your abilities,
and you have a rotational roster for your characters, you can pick different ones to
have in, there are different types of weapons and classes, like swords, maces, whips, that
sort of thing, and you actually learn your magic as you go through the game, by recovering
these mana eggs, it's pretty cool.
The combat system though is what I like best, Rob, you played Evolution, didn't you?
No.
I thought you did, well, Evolution is another game art title, but the way that the combat
works in here is that it's on, well you can, it's like in Chrono Trigger, you can see the
enemies on the screen, if they see you, they'll rush towards you, or you can try to avoid
them and they'll run into you, but then when you're in combat it goes overhead, and it
has, I look at it more of as initiative based, like if you were playing D&D or something,
then everybody has their own sort of speed that their initiative moves at, so you'll
have your slower characters taking longer, your faster ones being faster, and you choose
your attacks as you're going through, and then when that turn comes up, they'll hit
and then the enemy will go back and forth, it's pretty, I have to say it's fairly more
realistic than the turn based style for Final Fantasy games, if you know what I mean.
And Rob, you're watching it, what do you think?
It looks very interesting, I've always heard a lot about this game, it's just one of those
games I just never got around to playing, because there were a lot of games, especially
this was the period when I was in college, so I didn't play a lot of games, that was
kind of the one time in my life when I wasn't as into video games as I was the rest of it,
but it looks like a lot of fun, and I want to say, a sequel of Grandia's is available
on GameTap, I want to say, I want to say like Grandia 2, is it on there?
Well, Grandia 2 was a good one, then there was a Grandia 3 and I think a Grandia Extreme,
which I haven't played the latter ones, but nothing to me, I mean, Grandia is probably
up there in my list, this would actually, I even like this better than Final Fantasy
7, and Final Fantasy 6, if that's an indication of how much I like it.
The way I got my Saturn version was very fun, because at the time I got my Saturn version
they were going for about 80 to 100 bucks a piece, I bought one for 15 that said the
discs were damaged, so I was like, I'll just rip them and re-burn them, right?
So this is at Anime Expo, probably the last year I went, and I was going in to watch the
Utena movie, and I ended up just sitting out in the hall waiting for it to be over, and
as I sat and tried to clean the discs, I realized that the discs weren't scratched, they actually
had stuff on them, so I cleaned off the discs, it looked like hot glue, and cleaned it all
off and lo and behold, I had perfect copies for 15 bucks.
Nice.
Like I said, this did have a Playstation release that is not nearly as good, however, the only
way you can play it in English is on Playstation, and I warn you, it is highly, highly censored,
especially the part where they go in the bar.
So it's really, really good, I say give it a try.
Alright, your classic game of the week boys and girls, Grandia, which is a series I know
a lot of people really have a lot of love for, so I'm sure that's going to be a, that's
not going to be disputed by many as a classic game.
Oh, real quick though, I do have the series, it was Grandia 2 and Grandia 3, and then the
spinoffs were Grandia Digital Museum, which is basically like a bunch of artwork and voice
files and stuff that went with it, Grandia Parallel Trippers, and Grandia Extreme, and
Grandia Online, which I'm going to play Grandia Online.
Sounds like fun.
Alright, well that's going to bring part A of our show to a close, but hey, stay tuned,
if you're listening to us live, we're going to be right back with more of Orange Lounge
Radio, and for you podcast folks, there's still more Orange Lounge Radio to come this
week, so stay tuned to our podcast feed.
We'll be right back after this with more of Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasting to the world twice
a week, stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge
Radio.
