Orange Lounge Radio
There's your hosts, DarkSakura, Sky, and Mojo.
Tonight, March 9th, 2008, is Smash Bros malfunctioning on some Wii's?
More car and track information is released for Gran Turismo 5.
Spore gets a port to an unlikely gaming platform.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio.
We are that podcast dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture, and, wait for it, the gamer lifestyle.
My name is Rob Roberts. Joining me as always, say hello to the one and only DarkSakura, Jamie Summers.
Hi.
And how are you, Miss Summers?
Meaty.
Meaty? Mmm, so meaty.
What exactly are you eating tonight?
I'm eating a protein-style cheeseburger from In-N-Out.
Mmm, yum.
This isn't my mic.
Yeah, I think you have Loki's. That's alright.
Hey.
You know, the technical difficulties just couldn't end with last week.
I feel better.
Alright, there you go. You feel complete now?
I do.
Yeah, well let me introduce Tech Master Loki real quick and then we'll talk about last week.
Also say hello to Tech Master Loki, now with proper mic.
Yes, I have the proper mic.
How are you, Loki?
Good. I'm just untangling the mic on the mixing board so I don't pull it and it turns all the knobs on there.
I know. We have to be like ultra, like, make sure everything is in its proper place tonight after last week.
Alright, so yeah, I'm sure you guys all heard the epilogue at the end of last week's Part A.
Those of you guys that were listening on the podcast anyway, those of you guys that are live tonight, Sunday,
joining us in our chat room, chat.orangelandtrader.com, nothing happened for you.
You guys heard the show as always, but unfortunately the folks who listened to us on the podcast,
they didn't get Part B last week because right after it was done and we were in our final segment,
the computer got unplugged, I made a boo-boo and zapped the temp file so we couldn't really save it.
Now, what's kind of cool though is that one of our listeners, this is J100Matt,
actually was able to retrieve the audio directly out of the Justin TV cam, but the quality kind of stinks
because it's all based off the iSight cam that we use for Justin TV, which is a completely different computer.
It's actually a laptop, and you can't really hear Jamie at all because Jamie, well, I mean you can,
but she's just really quiet because she's the furthest away from it, and yeah, I don't know.
That may be a positive or a minus depending.
Jamie, rebuttal.
No.
All right.
Loki gets smacked with a large trout or whatever the old MIRC thing is.
Anyhow, so yeah, we'll release the kind of cruddy audio part B like on our Facebook and MySpace and all that stuff.
I'll try to get that up tomorrow just for those folks that really want to hear it,
but for the rest of you guys, it's just another broken show, what can we say?
But we're hoping tonight is working.
We're back to our normal selves.
It's a new month.
The weather's getting warmer again.
We're off to a good start because the network is actually working the way it's supposed to.
We didn't have to jerry-rig a whole second network setup,
so we're hoping we are ready to talk games for our full part A and part B tonight,
so I will shut up and turn it over to DarkSakura who will talk about her gaming week.
My gaming week was almost nonexistent except for, of course, Ragnarok
because I've been very busy trying to get a few things ready and had a few hang-ups come in the way,
but I think I'm going to actually be able to play more stuff next week.
That's good. Sometimes real life gets in the way of gaming. That's okay.
Sometimes people can't hold the controller.
Gotcha.
Well then, Loki, we'll go to you. How was your gaming week?
It was okay.
I played Orange Box on the PC because I have had it for a while and I haven't actually tried it.
It looks nice on the PC, but it's exactly the same.
So, yeah. Mainly Portal, because that's actually all I got, so it's just Portal.
And then I've been playing a little bit of Smash Bros. Brawl.
I'm 30% way through the subspace emissary, so that's pretty fun.
And then, what else? I think I may have played some Patapon. That's about it.
Tell me a little bit more about Patapon because I was reading some stuff about it
and it actually sounds like something I kind of want to play. Sounds kind of cool.
It's kind of neat. It's basically, I mean, sort of, it's not really a rhythm music game,
but you have to keep rhythm with these drums and depending on what four-note sequence you play,
they will do different things.
Like if you have an attack sequence, you have march forward, retreat, that kind of stuff.
So you just kind of strategize with that and keep in time at the same time.
The other thing that I did wasn't really playing games, but I got to view a lot of games
and that was we had our Eidos rep come out and talk to us a bit about the stuff that they covered
during Destination PlayStation.
And we got to see some really cool stuff including an unreleased trailer for Tomb Raider Legends,
or not Tomb Raider Legends, Tomb Raider Underworld with gameplay footage on it and it looks awesome.
Absolutely awesome. They did some new motion capturing for everything.
Really? Because, pardon my skepticism, but I have failed to get excited about Tomb Raider in about ten years.
It's about as awesome as Uncharted, maybe.
I don't know. I'm not that excited about Uncharted, but it really does look good.
I can't get excited about Tomb Raider because it's just not my thing, but it looks good.
I don't know. I wouldn't buy it though, but it looks good for people who like Tomb Raider.
Not me. I don't like Tomb Raider.
I like throwing her off a cliff and killing her and that's about it.
But I'm sure you can do that and it will look much nicer.
So that's it.
Other cool stuff I saw. There's a game. I hope I get the title right.
I think it's called Little Ninjas and it looks really cool.
It's kind of a cross between almost like Okami and...
I don't really know what else. Maybe Pirates vs. Ninjas or something like that.
Volleyball or Dodgeball or whatever.
Very cute little ninjas and they're fighting bad guys and stuff like that.
All kind of cel-shaded. It looks really neat.
So that will be coming out next year, unfortunately.
And then I got to see some gameplay of the new Death Junior that they're doing for the Wii.
It actually looks pretty good.
Hopefully it won't suck like the rest of them, but I'm pretty confident.
And then the one I was kind of excited about for the...
Wait, I have a quick question. I thought Death Junior was a Konami license.
Why is Eidos doing it now?
Different publisher. It's the company owned...
Oh, gotcha. Sorry. Yeah, that's right. Konami just published someone else's game.
I wonder why they decided not to do this one.
I don't know. Maybe the last two sucked for them and they dropped the publisher and Eidos picked them up. Who knows.
I also got to see some pretty cool footage of Gauntlet for the DS.
That's going to be cool. I wish they'd put it on live.
But it's like a cross between the original Gauntlet and Gauntlet Legends.
It's still top-down like the original Gauntlet, but it's all 3D and stuff like Legends was.
The cool thing about it though, four-player Wi-Fi co-op and there's voice chat involved with that as well.
So at least they're doing that right. So that'll be a pretty good purchase.
I've got to catch up on some comments from Chat Room because we have lots of good stuff tonight.
chat.orangelaunchrader.com if you want to join us.
DKJunior92 says, Uncharted is way better than Tomb Raider and you can kill him.
DMN says, Gauntlet DS equals sex. I will make love to it.
GS68 says, too many gaming publications credit the publisher and not the developer.
And you're right. I just made the same mistake. I'm sorry.
It's okay. Then there's some other cool stuff I wasn't aware of like the series and stuff like Shell Shock 2 they showed us.
Which I guess that's like a survivor horror game set in NOM. It's like Condemned in NOM, I guess.
And then there's this other Looney Tunes game that was a complete rip-off of Elite Beat Agents.
I mean, completely a rip-off of Elite Beat Agents. Except I don't know about the music though.
The music is like out of Looney Tunes so it's all that orchestrated stuff.
Not necessarily that but I think it did look kind of hard but it's exactly like Elite Beat Agents.
I mean, if you play Elite Beat Agents this will be easy for you.
So that's pretty much it. That was my gaming week. It was kind of exciting though to get to see everything.
And I got to talk to her but she offered us, well at least me and my co-worker, to go tour Eidos.
Let's see if I can drag other people on.
Aren't they going to make you sign all kinds of papers where you can't talk about it here though?
No, they're just like... She was talking about, for example, showing us storyboards for Tomb Raider and stuff like that.
That's cool.
I don't know. All the stuff was pretty much announced. Obviously I don't have the trailer for Tomb Raider Underworld or anything like that.
That's the stuff that wasn't shown. I mean, kind of shown behind closed doors type thing.
I don't know. It looks pretty good. I don't know. Just Cause 2 looks exciting.
But I like the first one so I'm looking forward to those Grand Theft Auto type of games.
Alright. Sounds like there's a lot coming out for you.
Good fourth quarter for them. That's pretty good because Eidos in the past has been a few games.
Been a little bit iffy.
It's been a rough ride.
It's been a rough ride?
Yeah.
Well good. I'm glad to see them getting back on track.
Hey Jamie, I got a question for you because I know you're a fan of Elite Beat Agents, right?
Yeah.
What do you think about the whole Looney Tunes franchise completely knocking it off?
I think it's stupid.
You think it's stupid? Too much of a good thing?
Well...
It's a copy of a copy?
Yeah. I think that if they were going to do something it would be better for them to do something original.
But who knows? I mean obviously it can't be just a straight up rip off, right Loki?
It's got to have some original stuff in it.
Basically what it does is it recreates the different cartoons. Like very famous cartoon scenes or whatever.
And so you're playing the music though with the cartoon.
That's kind of cool.
Oh okay. That might actually be kind of neat.
I mean if you've got like the whole thing going on there where the cartoon's going on.
Because Elite Beat Agents is kind of like that in a way, but it's different.
It just kind of controls exactly the same. Like if you looked at the interface and how the different spots where you tap and stuff, it looks exactly the same.
And who knows? I haven't looked at the developer. Maybe it's the same developer. You never know.
Well GS68 in our chat room, chat.orangelandrater.com, sums it up.
Looney Tunes Oh and Don, do not want...
That's what a GS68 says in our chat.
Going on to my gaming week, I've been playing lots of World of Warcraft.
Because I'm addicted.
And our guild has been just tearing the shit out of Karazhan.
Which is our new thing is that we've been raiding Karazhan.
Trying to slowly clear our way through it.
And I think we're doing pretty well for a group of noobs.
I think we've cleared like seven of the bosses.
So we're almost there.
Also in other gaming news, of course, I also played the hell out of Super Smash Bros. Brawl.
When did we get that? Wednesday?
So we were lucky enough to get it a couple days early.
And was playing it a little bit on Justin.tv.
So those of you guys that keep an eye on what we're doing.
Got a little sneak peek on Wednesday.
And goddamn, I'm having a lot of fun with Super Smash.
But now that I can actually understand it, as opposed to the Japanese version, like what's going on.
I'm having a lot of fun.
What I do think is interesting is that whole subspace emissary mode.
Obviously I don't want to spoil a whole lot of what's going on.
But I think what's interesting is that the cutscenes use no dialogue whatsoever.
There's no dialogue whatsoever in the cutscenes.
Everything is more of an emotional reaction.
There's no words.
Which is very interesting.
The whole story is kind of told with the music.
I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing. It's just interesting.
It's a cost saving thing.
It is totally a cost saving thing.
So they don't have to pay voice actors and they don't have to pay other voice actors to translate what they're saying.
I gotta say though, I am pretty freaking impressed that it has a pretty fairly fleshed out single player mode.
Melee had its own kind of single player mode that was kind of cool.
And certainly I remember when I played that first world in the single player mode, the Mushroom Kingdom thing,
I was like, they need to do a Mario game just like this on the GameCube.
And of course they never did.
Well, I don't know, Paper Mario on the Wii is kind of rad like that, but I don't know.
But just seeing what they did with the single player mode here and really making it a game.
It's not like the greatest single player game ever.
And you sort of have to really suspend disbelief to make the story work.
Because they really did kind of have to put all these characters in a blender and kind of pull a story out of their butts.
But it works.
It does the fanboy service and that's really what this game is all about.
And I'll tell you what, it's very comprehensive fanboy service.
Because not only do you have all these characters, you have all the stickers.
Which, I mean, I think I got a sticker today for Mouser, one of the bosses in Super Mario 2.
I mean, there's some obscure shit in those things.
Like, I was getting things from Advance Wars I never even heard of because I didn't play a lot of that series.
It's just Nintendo fanboy wet dream, this game is.
And you know what, even if you're not like a Super Nintendo fanboy, it's a great party game.
Which, duh, it's a Wii game.
And the Wii has a lot of great party games and this is no exception.
Because I was playing a little bit, three players the other night.
Which is funny because one of us was on the Wii with Nunchuck.
One of us was on the Wii with Classic Controller and the other one was using a GameCube controller.
So it's kind of fun.
Online mode I haven't gotten to test a whole lot.
Because obviously nobody had it on Wednesday, which is when I did most of my playing.
I tried to add one of our other folks here on Orange Launch Radio who also had the game.
But it wasn't working, I don't know why.
Maybe it wasn't, maybe it wasn't up and running, I don't know.
But I will, I want to point out that we have a friend code thread over on our forums.
I'm going to add everybody on there later today.
And try to maybe bring out Justin.tv this evening and try to fight some folks, Orange Launch Radio listeners.
Yes, and we can use my map if I can swap it with somebody.
Because, you know, I made a cool map.
It's called the Cage Match.
Nice, I see what you did there.
Alright, let's see, what else do I want to talk about in my gaming week?
Really quickly, I want to mention Trigger Heart Excellica.
Because I think a lot of people totally skipped this game.
Because it was an Xbox Live Arcade release.
But I'll tell you what, if you like your Japanese shooters, this is as cliche of a Japanese shooter as they come.
I mean, this is, which is a good thing for the Xbox 360.
Because, you know, I think about, hmm, what good like Japanese influenced shooter games are there on the Xbox 360?
And you know what, I come up short.
So Trigger Heart Excellica certainly fills a void.
It's actually based off a arcade game, which I hadn't heard of.
Because I don't play a lot of games in these types of series.
I had it on soundtrack, so I knew it existed.
But it's fun.
I mean, bullets everywhere.
I mean, like your typical Japanese shooter.
Bullets everywhere.
You play a lot of Japanese shooters?
Dark Sakura?
Do you play one?
I did.
Have you ever heard of this one, Trigger Heart Excellica?
Yes.
Oh, it's good times.
If you like that, I was going to say in April there's Castle of Shikigami 3 is coming out in the Wii.
So, that would be another good one.
I think it's definitely worth a look, Trigger Heart Excellica.
I did not spend the money on the full purchase, but I might later on.
Now I'm kind of at the point with Xbox 360 arcade games where like either I'm going to buy the damn thing when it comes right out.
I'm not going to buy it.
Or I'm going to wait for them to do a price reduction because now they've shown that they're willing to do that later.
I bought a bunch of tracks on Rock Band this week.
I'm like, what?
Because I, well, I bought a bunch of the older stuff because I wanted some other...
I left it in my work now, and we have it all set up there so we can play at any time.
I'm actually buying the official, like, well someone made them their official drum silencer thing so the drums aren't so loud.
I tried making my own out of mouse pads.
The funny thing about mouse pads is they soak up super glue pretty easy so it doesn't stick very well.
So, I'm ripping those off and then trying these official ones out.
Because while they stuck, they were working pretty good, but it's just, you know, after you hit them about 20 times, they fell right off.
Oh well.
Alright.
I'm trying to think if there's anything else in my gaming week that I want to talk about.
I don't think there is.
I think that's really it.
Obviously Smash Brothers took a large chunk of my time.
As I'm sure for many of you out there who own a Wii, it's taking up a lot of your time as well.
I love the demos that they have for the virtual console games.
I'd laugh though because I was just, you know, they show you how long the demo is for each one.
Ice Climbers, 40 seconds.
That's all you get to play of Ice Climbers is 40 seconds.
But you can do a lot in 40 seconds in Ice Climbers.
40 seconds is long enough to beat the first level.
I thought the demos were a nice touch.
I was kind of hoping you would unlock more.
I don't know if you do yet.
I do.
Do you?
Yeah.
Oh, I haven't seen, because one of my friends marathoned it last night.
I haven't seen if he unlocked anything else.
I imagine you have to unlock a couple others.
I have to look at my Japanese one too because I've got, I think, Mother 2 or Mother 3.
Not Mother 3, but Mother 2 I think is still on there.
Huh.
That may be cool because that means we might have Earthbound on ours.
No.
Damn it.
That was exclusive for Japan.
Alright.
Well then we should get something exclusive.
That's not fair.
Nintendo.
Alright.
That's, I mean...
Metal Gear Solid.
It's kind of shown though that they can't, I mean, they can do a virtual console demo.
Time limited, but it works, right?
Yeah, they're just assholes, that's all.
Alright.
Anyhow, let's see.
Let's get to tonight's housekeeping before we get to tonight's news.
And I guess I already said the one thing I wanted to say on housekeeping tonight.
We do have a friend code thread going on on the forums at orangelaunchradio.com.
So we will be having some OL Army tournaments and things like that because, you know, lots of people love Smash Brothers.
I know lots of our listeners are into this series.
I'm sure tons of you have picked up the game.
So check it out at orangelaunchradio.com.
Click on the forums.
And you can probably get 64 friend codes all on that list.
And make sure if you are adding people on Brawl that you're also adding them on your system.
Just in case we want to swap levels around.
Because as far as I'm aware, I'm not sure if...
You can drop them onto, you know, the SD memory cards.
But I don't know if those things are linked to a certain system or not because Nintendo is an asshole.
So, you know, they really don't want, you know, anything to work correctly.
So, you know, in a perfect world you should be able to drop it onto an SD memory card and throw it up on the internet and people can download it and that kind of crap.
But something tells me it won't work that way.
Because they're afraid that someone is going to make a penis out of blocks or something in fucking Smash Brothers.
We'll save that for later this week.
Alright.
DMN wants me to plug something he's doing too which is the OLR March Madness.
We'll be talking more about that during the live only bonus segment tonight.
But if you want to participate in choosing the best video game of all time, as chosen by our listeners, check out our forums as well in the STFU forum.
That's DMN's show and there's more information on how you can send your votes in and all that good stuff.
So, are we ready to get into some gaming news?
Why not?
Alright, I think so.
Why don't you start us off, Logie?
Alright, this isn't a big surprise because the same thing happened in Japan when Smash Brothers was released there.
Some Wii systems are having trouble reading Smash Brothers Brawl because, first off, it's the first dual layer Wii game on the system.
And there was an update, I believe, on the disc to update your system to be able to play those dual layer discs.
And because of that, it takes a little bit more refined laser to see the data on the disc.
And they're claiming that some of the Wii systems are kind of dusty and dirty, so they will not be able to play Brawl.
So if you run into that problem, you're supposed to send your system in to Nintendo and they will fix the problem or clean your disc dry or something like that.
Vacuum out the insides of your Wii or something?
Something to that effect.
Do you think there might be any, I mean, you're the type of, you know, you're a homebrew kind of guy, do you think there's any home remedies that someone could try that...
I mean, obviously, you know, don't void your warranty or whatever.
But if somebody out there happens to be getting this problem, is there anything they could try that wouldn't damage their Wii?
It'd be hard because that disc drive's kind of funky. Maybe like a CD cleaner or something like that, or DVD cleaner.
How effective are those CD cleaner things?
I don't think they're very effective. It's just basically a CD with brushes on it, I mean.
No, no, I was just thinking, does the Wii even play CDs? It doesn't, does it?
No.
I don't know. I don't know why I was thinking that. I'm just kind of like, I don't think it plays CDs at all.
Well, I don't know. My system wasn't dusty at all, and I mean, to be honest, there isn't really a lot of places for it to get dusty.
I mean, that drive isn't really open that much, and there's just, there's, you know, kind of some sort of, like, brushes on it.
Yeah, there's little microbrushes on them.
Yeah, microbrushes on it, so it does a pretty good job of keeping it clean.
But, I mean, if you're maybe a chain smoker, and you're just like, take a hit off this Wii, you know, and stuff like that, I mean, maybe, maybe then your Wii's kind of fucked up.
Trying to store some weed in your Wii?
Yeah, you're trying to, like, fill the Wii with smoke or something, and I don't know, maybe that will cause it to break, but...
You bust it open and take a shot back after it.
Really, there isn't a whole lot of, you know, intake. I mean, there's, like, a tiny little fan in that thing anyways, and I don't really see how there could be a lot of dust sitting on your laser, unless you're putting in discs that have been sitting out in the air and just, like, are caked with dust and you throw it in your system.
Then that's your own damn fault. Either way, it's probably your own damn fault that they don't play, so...
That's pretty much it. And Nintendo, of course, they don't want you trying to fix it yourself, but I don't know, they have a process, I guess, you can fill out a form on Nintendo's website for sending your system in to get it, you know, cleaned, I guess.
I want to mention this comment in chat. It's completely random, but when you talk about smoke, I couldn't help but think about the Rock Band Stage Kit. Maybe you don't want to use too much of that around your Wii, but according to SSJ100Matt in chat, he says, Loki, apparently the Rock Band Stage Kit doesn't hook up to the Wii.
Wrong, it does. See, here's why. Because it doesn't have anything to do with the 360 or the Wii itself, it just hooks up to audio cables, so in theory, you could throw it onto your stereo system and it would work just fine. That's how it's able to work with both systems.
So if I want to get some of my ABBA karaoke CDs and put them on my CD player and use the Rock Band Stage Kit to do, like, an epic version of Chikikita, I could do that?
Yes, you can.
That would be cheap.
Alright, also, speaking of epic on your Wii, we love it when new channels come out for the Wii. Too bad this wasn't for us. It's for the folks in Japan. It's the Terribinotomo channel. That would be TV Friend.
The TV Friend channel came out on the Wii this week. It's basically, like, imagine the TV Guide channel on American TV. That's kind of what they're getting on the Wii, hence why they say it may not come out here, because of the fact that, you know, here in America, on your cable, you already have a TV Guide channel.
It is pretty cool, though.
And, you know, we have TV Guide and all that stuff. And plus now with TiVo and, you know, cable's got it built in and all that stuff.
The thing about this, though, that was really cool, at least from the video that I saw of it, is that you can look at multiple days, so you can see what's on, you know, a whole week. Usually some of those, you know, you have to kind of keep progressing hour by hour and kind of, you know, moving along the thing to see what's on the next day and stuff like that.
This, you can, it'll be like a whole 3D thing and it'll turn it to the side and you can select different days, like, out and stuff like that.
That's kind of cool. Does it have a globe I can spin?
No.
Because that was the best part of the forecast channel and the news channel, was the spinning globe with the, you know, music. I love the music and the weather channel.
But, you know, we could go to the grocery store and buy a TV Guide, too, if we wanted an alternative.
We could, but that's money. And then I have to read.
This is free.
I'm just kidding.
So is the internet.
So are you anti-TV friend channel? You do not want to be TV friend's friend?
I don't think that it's necessary. I'm glad that they have it over there, but we don't really need it here. It'd be neat, but...
Couldn't you say the same thing about the news channel, though? And the forecast channel, really?
Is that, you know, you can get all that shit on the internet or you can, you know, watch the nightly news or you can, I don't know, read a newspaper.
It just depends on what you use more.
I guess that's true.
Now, did you see the other cool thing you can do with this?
What?
When you find your channel or whatever, you can actually use your Wii Remote as a universal remote with your TV.
I know. I was going to get to that, but that's all right. No. Yeah, the Wii Mode is going to be like a universal remote.
You can also change channels, do the volume and all that stuff. You can switch between Wii and TV inputs.
But it's some type of, like, hack that you use with the sensor bar.
Basically, I think what it does is it, I don't know if it causes the IR to bounce off of the sensor bar and bounce off your head or something like that.
But when I say hack, it's an official Nintendo thing. It's not like, you know, people are hacking their systems to do it.
It's a Nintendo-endorsed hack.
So that's kind of neat, though, that they're hacking their own stuff to do weird purposes.
I don't know why. That strikes me as so amusing, but it does.
So there you go.
Also, what's kind of interesting, you can stamp programs that you're interested in and then you can share them with either other Wii users or you can send them to Wii Friends.
And Nintendo calculates popularity scores based on what's been bookmarked.
So, kind of interesting.
I do like the fact that they are kind of trying to turn the Wii into a one-stop shop.
Even though news and forecast and, you know, TV and all that is something you can get on the computer anyway,
I kind of think it's a neat idea to have it, like, all right there on your TV. It's interesting.
And, I mean, I know it's something that's available out there right now and other things, but it's free.
So, I mean, even if you don't use it, it's at least there for you.
Yeah.
Same with, like, the news channel. I don't read it at all, but, you know, if you want to, you can.
It's better, too, to have more stuff to fill your little blank TV screens with on your Wii.
Doesn't that feel good, to fill in those screens?
No, I'm almost out of memory on my Wii system.
What happens when we run out of space? Because you only get four screens to play with.
I'm like, I'm seriously, I probably have maybe ten screens left. Really?
Yeah, you have to delete stuff or, and then when you run out of space on the actual unit, you have to put stuff on SD memory cards.
I bet you anything Nintendo is going to do something about the memory space this winter.
They have to for all this WiiWare stuff coming out.
Right. I don't think so.
No, they're stubborn bastards. They won't do it.
Yeah, Frisbee says external hard drive channel.
External hard drive channel?
Exactly. The SD card management channel, even though it's in the system.
But something that can, like, just...
It would not be that hard to have the Wii read off the SD card just like it does its own internal memory.
Well, if you want to do something even more annoying, then you can also make this free or possibly as a service.
You can make it like one of those Yahoo internet drives where you can store stuff on a web server and download it to your system that way.
I know Nintendo says, hey, you can go in the shop channel any time and redownload this stuff for free.
You don't have to pay for it again.
But I'm like, I don't know if it's just me. I think the Wii shop channel is slow and clunky.
It's slow as shit.
Like, I would not have to want to go in there every time.
It brings me back to the days of the Super Nintendo and 20-
Do it.
Yeah, it brings me back to the days of Prodigy, okay?
That's what the Wii shop channel feels like is Prodigy online.
Eww, blow blow.
I know.
You want to know a true story about Prodigy?
What?
Prodigy is where it all started for me, dude.
If I did not have Prodigy, the show would not exist.
That was my first gateway drug to the internet was Prodigy.
I remember Prodigy.
I used to have on the forums, I actually had a Nintendo help thread and I would help kids with their video games.
I was like 12 or 13 when this was all going on.
One time on Prodigy, we decided, me and my friend, there's a joke channel or something like that and you can submit jokes.
So we thought it would be funny to submit really shitty jokes.
And we wasted like an hour doing that and then my mom got the phone bill and it was like hundreds of dollars.
When they introduced Prodigy Chat, I got in big trouble because Prodigy Chat was a plus channel and my parents got like a $90 bill.
Needless to say, I wasn't able to use Prodigy for a little while.
Oh yes, Dark Sakura.
Well, I started off on AOL but also after my first year on that, I ended up being a chat host for Cartoon Network.
So I got a free account.
I had an overhead account for a long, long time and then when I quit doing that, they didn't change me back for years.
So I actually spent like maybe five or six years not being charged for AOL.
AOL was always kind of the devil to people on Prodigy.
And if anyone wants to know who I was, I was CNW Allura for the Cartoon Network chat back in the day.
Do you think someone's honestly going to listen to this and be all like, I remember her?
Hey, watch. I did a whole bunch on that. So I don't care who knows it was me.
Dartitsuyen Chat says, Sky, you wanted to grow up to be a Nintendo game counselor?
Dude, wasn't that like all of our dreams in junior high school until we realized...
No.
Kind of a fancy call center with that guy.
Ever.
But you could play video games for a living.
Yeah.
And get paid for it.
No.
Alright, let's go ahead and move on.
I'm trying to help stupid people get through the game.
How'd I get more into the jump?
Push the B button, or the A button.
It's not working.
I bet there's...
Turn on your system.
It is.
I bet there were some real dopes that called in. Anyway, sorry.
For more Wii news and not AOL or Prodigy, which we, you know, we called... Nevermind.
I love that we are on the cutting edge of technology here on this show.
Remember Prodigy?
Sorry.
Comp you suck.
I need people who use that.
Anyway, Okami Wii is actually getting a later release date than was anticipated.
They originally said March 25th that it's going to be April 15th.
So, get ready to play it then.
Capcom doesn't really want to tell us why.
No.
Is it? Well, I mean, you know, it's not like there isn't a version of Okami already out there.
So, I think a little weight won't kill anybody.
I'll tell you why it's not coming out on the 25th, because it's not done. I don't know.
You know why games get delayed surprisingly or something? They fail the little seal of approval check and all that stuff.
Yeah, the seal of approval of anything.
No, but don't the games have to be ok?
Xbox 360 games have to go through a Microsoft certification process.
Nintendo games have to go through something similar. Maybe it failed.
Really? You mean they actually put these shitty Destiny games through that same Nintendo seal of approval?
Someone actually ok's this shit to come out?
Yeah, that's one.
Yes and no. I have heard of the fact that sometimes gaming companies say they don't want these games to come out on their system.
I've heard of that happening.
But the other thing is that for every Xbox game, you have to refer to the little X button as the guide button.
Your A's have to be colored like the A button and all that stuff.
Somebody actually goes through and makes sure the game is compliant.
So I bet you anything with Okami, somebody missed something and a Playstation 2 character came over and they had to go back and fix it.
Oh, I'm glad that they fixed those little details.
I have absolutely nothing to back that up.
But sometimes these are why games get unexpectedly delayed.
And if they're not saying anything about it, you never know.
Who cares? I mean, eh.
There's nothing coming out in April anyways. At least not in the first half.
So it's the only thing.
Is the top title of the first half of April now?
I'm going over to chat at chat.orangelaundraider.com and just a completely random comment out of thin air.
I guess it must have been on another topic.
gripper01 in chat says, I'm stuck on the second boss on Lost Odyssey.
It's hard.
And Lost Odyssey does have some pretty tough bosses in it.
But you know what's really funny?
You'll notice in my gaming week, as much of a love fest as I was having with Lost Odyssey last week, I didn't even play it.
I didn't touch it this week.
My roommate comes up to me yesterday and goes, did you stop playing Lost Odyssey?
It's like I wanted to see more of it.
I can't remember if I played Lost Odyssey or not because I'm still fighting with that fucking 360 that does not want to work.
I'm going to throw it away one of these days.
No, I do fully intend to go back and play more Lost Odyssey.
It's just I got tied up in Hello.
I mean, Smash Brothers came out this week and Warcraft Addiction and all that other stuff.
Some of my other online games got in the way this week too.
Second boss of Lost Odyssey, I'm trying to think.
Yeah, you just have to keep casting spells against it.
I think it's based on fire, so water spells maybe?
Yeah, water spells.
I don't remember.
And then after you kill the first one, there's a second one that comes.
Alright, well let's go ahead and move on with the news.
There's another channel coming soon once Mario Kart is released.
When you get your copy of Mario Kart, it will actually install a new channel called the Mario Kart Wii Channel.
And it will include wonderful things, including an online leaderboard, I believe.
Global Friend View allows you to see where your friends are located and their online status.
Maybe you can spin that globe, Rob.
Spectator Mode, as well as there's going to be some other cool stuff you can do, like being able to download ghost data.
Daily Missions, kind of like the mission mode in Mario Kart DS.
And, what else? Let's see.
That's pretty much it.
But I like the fact that you can do Spectator Mode while you're waiting for races and stuff. That's kind of neat.
I think it's interesting, Nintendo's strategy here, to create a whole separate channel dedicated to one of their games.
I actually think it's kind of a neat idea.
You've got to hand it to Nintendo at least for this much.
As pretty rad as the Xbox 360 is with its online stuff, it doesn't have a lot like this.
With the exception of stuff like Halo 3 that has their very comprehensive website with obscenely detailed game statistics.
It's kind of neat to see Nintendo doing something actually integrated on the Wii.
Hey, they can't do something integrated on the whole system.
I don't care if each one of these games has another channel that adds on to it.
That's fine with me, because I'm not playing 20 games at a time.
Especially the AAA titles that you know tons of people are getting.
I don't know what you guys have heard about the midnight launches from around the country,
but just looking on some of the various gaming blogs, talking to one of my friends that was working at one of the stores,
it sounds like... packed.
It sounds like these midnight sales are absolutely packed for Smash Brothers.
Actually, Dan, of course you know my husband manages a game crazy,
and he was saying that what was packed was the tournament he ran and not so much the midnight sale.
So people were just going for the tournament and didn't even bother to buy the game?
Pretty much.
That's weird.
I don't know. I think he'll pick it up eventually.
He said it really thinned out when it came time for the launch.
Huh.
Maybe it was past all their bedtimes. Maybe they're coming back today.
Maybe. I mean, I'd just say it doesn't matter what time they do a launch, pre-order your copy. You'll get it.
True.
Maybe they didn't have money at the time. Maybe they're just waiting to pick it up later on,
because it's not like it's going to be hard to find, I don't think.
I hate calling it pre-ordering, because really you're just reserving.
It's a deposit.
Ordering. Reserve your copy.
Let's Have Tea says there were over 300 kids at the one I went to.
GS68 says I was at the GameStop in Santa Clara this morning and the line was going around the store.
Hmm.
Sounds like things are pretty packed.
I would say it's definitely Nintendo's version of, you know, it's their Halo.
It's their, you know, big, big triple-A title that causes people to come out like this.
And they've got some good stuff coming up, you know, with Mario Kart next.
I mean, it's not a bad thing to follow.
Alright, well anyhow, moving on with some more Wii news, and of course we'll be talking about other systems later on throughout Part A and Part B,
but we'll focus on the Wii for a little bit.
I want to talk about WiiWare, and one of the new titles that's going to be coming to WiiWare is a survival horror puzzler.
Yes, that's right, it's a survival horror puzzler, and that actually sounds kind of rad.
It's coming from WayForward Technologies.
They made the game Shantae, or Shantae.
Shantae is like somebody's name.
Shantae on Game Boy Color, and it's a game called Lit, and it's being made for WiiWare.
Lit is going to be about this character Jake, and he's trapped in a high school,
and there's evil creatures all around the high school, and he's trying to find his girlfriend Rachel.
This is WayForward's first original IP since Shantae.
Lit is going to have horror elements, boss battles, and the developers are expecting this to be a big game.
And the concept art looks kind of neat.
I'm curious how a survival horror puzzler plays out, but those are two of my favorite genres,
so the marriage of them can't be entirely a bad thing, right Jamie?
It's going to have cutscenes where you walk through and you meet a zombie that says,
Hey, let's puzzle to get past this door.
Is that...
Like in Kirby's Avalanche.
Or like Puzzle Quest.
It's like playing Puyo Puyo.
Yes, as if a puzzle quest survival horror game I'm sure would be well accepted.
So wait, how would Resident Evil puzzler work?
Solve this puzzle or Chainsaw Man is going to come after you?
It's like Puzzle Pirates.
Silly Rob, there's no Chainsaw Man.
Yeah, there is, isn't there?
Yeah, hello?
This is like the scariest guy in the game.
The guy with the chainsaw on the first stage that runs up to you and just chops your head right off.
They should totally make another puzzle fighter game and just throw in characters from Resident Evil in there,
and you can have Chainsaw Man all chibi style.
Yeah, that'd be awesome.
We need Silent Hill vs. Resident Evil the fighting game.
That'd be rad.
Akdefta dares to say that Pac-Man is a survival horror puzzler.
I mean, you do have to solve the puzzle of every maze and you are running from ghosts, right?
Ba dum bum.
Oh!
That reminded me of something.
What's that?
I just noticed this while we were watching Tron last week.
That you can see Pac-Man in the background of one of the levels with Sark.
End of line.
Sorry, I had to mention that.
Oh, that's fine.
I always appreciate the random Tron reference.
I was saying random video game reference, but still.
Did anyone pick up Discs of Tron?
No.
I played the demo and I was like, God damn, this game was cool, and I was seven.
I know, right?
And it still wasn't as cool as the other one.
Yeah.
Discs of Tron was better in the movie.
Although, I am still all for it.
Was that you who said that on the show or Jamie?
I remember.
Somebody said they should make it a ride at Disneyland.
Discs of Tron should be a ride at Disneyland.
That's probably Jamie.
Will you fall through the floor?
I think I was talking about the people who were having the Tron part.
Why can't they do it with the Wii?
Like, you know, you could use your Wii remote like throwing a Frisbee or something.
That would be cool.
I know, right?
That would be awesome, which is why it will never exist.
Alright, let's move on.
So, Tron is coming out.
No, I'm kidding.
How do you suggest a ride for Disneyland?
Does Disneyland have a suggestion box?
I think you have to be an Imagineer.
Who's an Imagineer at Disneyland?
We know people that work for Disney.
Listen to this program.
Because every time Jamie and I talk about our big Disney whoredom.
Okay, so like Disney Friends of Orange Lawn's radio, you have to make this happen.
We want a Tron experience.
I don't care if the movie is like 20 years old.
It's still all kinds of rad.
I have a Tron shirt.
Exactly.
Tron is rad.
The eighties are coming back.
All they'll do is they'll just like,
what the trend has been lately is updating their rides with different movies tied to them.
You know, like the whole, the old submarine ride.
It's now like little Nemos.
So, instead of soaring over California, it'll be like soaring over the light cycles or something?
Not little Nemos.
Finding Nemos like, or Nemos something or other.
That would be all kinds of rad if they were placed somewhere.
Oh, come on.
The submarines needed an overhaul.
What they need to do, what they'll do is they'll just like convert over the teacups to, you know, the discs of Tron.
You know what?
The teacups are like a sacred ride to me, so I almost want to punch you for saying that,
but it actually might be kind of cool.
SSJ100Matt, in response to how to make rides at Disney in chat, says,
Sky, you need a special degree in fun.
They didn't offer fun as a major in my college.
I'm kind of disappointed.
Rob says, Rob2B says, teacups of Tron.
Okay, we're getting too random.
Please, Jamie, give us a story.
Like I said, Tron's coming out on the Nintendo DS.
No, I'm kidding.
Shut up!
Famitsu has said that Tron, I can't do that.
Okay.
Famitsu reported that Disgaea will be out on the Nintendo DS in Japan,
titled Disgaea Prince of the Demon World.
There's not much really else about it,
but it's been rumored that it's actually a port of the original Disgaea Hour of Darkness.
And apparently unlockable in it is the teacups of Tron.
Shut up!
I guess that's kind of cool, though, Disgaea on the DS,
because now you can take it with you everywhere you go.
And you can touch them.
And in order to level up to 9,999 levels, which is an insane amount,
you probably would have to take it with you everywhere you go.
The Japanese WeWear promo page has been launched,
and they're showing off, I guess, the 11 launch titles that they're going to have for it,
including Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles, The Young King, and The Promised Land,
Star Soldier R, a remake of Star Soldier, which looks pretty awesome,
World Puzzle Mojipitan...
I don't even know how to pronounce that.
Mojipitan Wii, Pokemon Ranch, Dr. Mario's Virus Buster, which looks kind of neat.
I don't know, I guess you shoot blocks or something.
I don't know.
Or I'm thinking it might just be a port of Dr. Mario that might be playable online.
It looks like you're firing something.
I don't know.
But, cool.
Let's see, Marubo Shikaku.
I have no idea what that is.
Magnetica, which was that rip-off of Zuma.
Bomberman, looks like Ookiraku Ping Pong Wii.
And Angel's Solitaire.
Ooh, hooray, ping pong on the Wii.
I'm so excited.
That's never been done.
And Joy Sound Wii.
I have no idea what that is either.
Maybe a music-based game for the Wii?
I don't know, it makes sense.
Maybe.
I don't know.
But they had some screenshots of some different things.
Looks like the Dr. Mario game looks pretty cool.
I guess that's Star Soldier, the one that...
That middle one is Star Soldier.
And then the bottom one's Magnetica.
Does the website have any information about...
I don't know where you're going to store all this stuff?
I don't know.
I heard a rumor, though, that Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles game was going to take
up all your memory.
I don't know.
It's stupid, though.
It's so crazy.
Oh my god, that's creepy, that Pokemon game.
I know.
Oh my god.
It's so creepy-looking.
But, yeah, some of the other games, like, I don't know what that puzzle game is.
There's another one that kind of looks like Sudoku, but it's not.
Crystal Chronicles looks good.
I don't know.
I'm pretty impressed so far.
I'm actually sort of looking forward to Star Soldier R, but really there's only one good
thing to me that has come out of the Star Soldier franchise.
Which is?
Star Parodia.
You and your Parodius love.
No, it's not Parodius.
Oh.
I thought it was related.
This is probably going to end up being a game of the week, but it was a game that was on
PC Engine, where you played either as Bomberman, or the ship from Star Soldier, or a flying
PC Engine, and the PC Engine would shoot cue cards and CDs.
Interesting.
Well, another game we know Jamie loves is Pac-Man Versus.
Pac-Man Versus was a game where you could, like, its big niche was that you could actually
play as the ghost.
Well, somebody else has kind of taken an idea like that.
Let's take a classic arcade game, but, like, reverse it.
And the classic game is Space Invaders.
Rad.
Now, here's the thing.
Space Invaders Extreme is actually kind of sexy.
Like, I don't know if you've played it, like, I remember Loki brought on the show.
Space Invaders Extreme is kind of like Luminous meets Space Invaders, which is, like, really
cool.
And so now it's kind of caused a resurgence of Space Invaders, which was always really
popular in Japan.
I mean, Space Invaders was always way more popular in Japan, probably, than it even was
here.
What's interesting is that Taito is going to be making an update to the game called
Space Invaders Get Even.
And in this game, you will be in control of up to 300 Space Invaders, and you get to do
death and destruction on human people.
Looks like Pikmin, sort of.
I guess, yeah.
It's been compared to Pikmin and Rampage.
Oh, wow, they're all sprite-y.
No idea yet if it is an actual game, like, disc game, or if it's a WiiWare game, but
either way, I say yes to more Space Invaders nostalgia, because they really did a good
job of the extreme, and this looks kind of fun, too.
So I'm all for some human killing in Space Invaders.
It should be fun.
Do you approve Dark Sakura?
Oh, hell yeah.
All right.
Well, there's other things that I approve of.
What's that?
That's actually the UK Virtual Consoles stuff that's coming out.
That's awfully nice of you to approve of that when you can't download them here.
So?
We will eventually.
Yeah, I guess that's true.
I mean, we pretty much mirrored, you know, eventually what comes out there in here.
True.
And vice versa.
So what's coming out is Kirby 64, the Crystal Shards, which, like the title suggests, is
a Nintendo 64 game.
It's a thousand Wii points, or seven pounds, and it's a lot of Kirby 3D joy and running
around and, you know, sucking, I guess.
So also coming out is Psychosis, which was a TurboGrafx-16 game, 600 Wii points.
And basically, now this game had a really cool premise, I thought, that you were entering
your own mind as a spaceship to get rid of something that's invaded your mind.
So it's sort of like R-Type.
Interesting.
However, it's got this sort of surrealist pattern to it.
It's pretty cool.
Huh.
Are these games that you would pay money to re-download?
Well, Psychosis maybe.
Oh, and there's another one there that I'd probably get.
What's that?
Super Turrican, which was an SNES game.
It's 800 points for a virtual console, and it's basically just run-and-shoot stuff.
It's a side-scroller.
Wasn't that this week's release here, Loki?
I can't remember.
Actually, the lists I've got are just ones coming out this month.
That's all right.
This month, at least from Sega, we're going to get two titles from them.
One is Puyo Puyo 2, so that should be pretty cool.
And the other one is Powerball, which does not have anything to do with the lotto, unfortunately.
It's like a hybrid of rugby and football.
So interesting.
That's kind of neat, I guess.
Both those, I believe, were Genesis titles, so if I remember correctly, I think it's like
800 points.
Puyo Puyo 2.
Ravenstaufen makes a good point.
Super Turrican was one of the Super Nintendo games that actually supported Dolby Surround
. There were a handful of games that did that.
That's cool.
I want to ask you, Dark Soccer, because I know you gave a big woohoo when we heard about
Puyo Puyo 2.
I know the original Puyo Puyo was kind of what we know over here as Dr. Robotnik's
Mean Bean Machine, the Kirby game, Kirby Avalanche, right?
Kirby's Avalanche.
What makes Puyo Puyo 2 so woohoo-worthy?
It's Puyo Puyo.
For puzzle games, the Puyo Puyo series is my favorite of all time.
I could sit and play this for hours, and I can get through this more than I can get through
Tetris.
I'll put it that way.
And I was really, really addicted and good at Tetris, but Puyo Puyo is like...
It's just the whole, you know, not only do you have to just, you know, make lines and
get rid of stuff, but you have to use strategy to, you know, cripple your opponent, too.
I mean, it's the same concept you get in Puzzle Fighter, which is why I also like Puzzle Fighter
a whole lot.
But my very first Puyo Puyo that I played was Kirby's Avalanche, and it was just...
I still have my copy, my original copy, that I bought when it was new.
I think I do, in my big gaming archive somewhere.
But I mean, as far as puzzlers go, I think that was one of the big ones to really, you
know, make that competitive, fun edge in a puzzle game.
DJ Dark Knight in chat says, I wish the newer Puyo Puyo for the DS was stateside.
I thought we did have a DS Puyo Puyo.
Or is there, like, a newer version that came out in Japan?
I guess there must be.
Well, we got Puyo Pop, I think.
Yeah, which is okay.
I still actually need to go back and get Puyo Puyo Sun on Saturn, because that one's supposed
to be really, really good.
Oh, DJ Dark Knight says the newer one is on Wi-Fi.
That's pretty rad.
That's really cool.
That is very cool.
Well, since we talked about virtual console releases, let's talk about some things that
are going to be sold in a more traditional format this week and travel around the world
and talk about the release dates.
I'll start off with Japan tonight.
Xbox 360 in Japan is getting Skate on March 13th from Electronic Arts.
Moving on to other systems in Japan, PlayStation 3 also getting Skate, but they're also getting
Winning Post 7 Maximum 2008.
I'm not actually sure what kind of sport that is.
Winning Post?
It's horse racing.
Yeah, I was going to say.
It's still not Derby Owners Club or Final Furlong, which will always be one of my favorite
arcade games.
Final Furlong is Hump A Horse.
I thought they had some horse racing games on the Wii in Japan.
I wish those were coming over here.
That'd be funny.
Well, I'm assuming that there must be six other games in this particular series, seeing
as they have a seven in it.
All right, well anyway, on the Nintendo Wii, also Winning Post 7 Maximum 2008, which must
be kind of fun on the Wii, I imagine, if the Wii controls are what I imagine they are,
where you actually would get to whip your horse with the remote.
Mush!
I remember when you had Politary.
The horse?
Yeah.
Oh, Derby Owners Club.
Good times.
I miss that game.
Speaking of which, I didn't even mention this during the gaming week.
I'm going to take a tangent real fast.
I don't care.
You know how we were going to go play DDR on, I think it was Wednesday night, right?
Yeah.
We were going to play DDR.
Well, and then you had to cancel because you had other things going on, but William and
I went down there anyway, just to check it out.
It's frickin' Arcade Mania on Wednesday nights.
Let's go on Thursdays and stuff.
Bleh.
And I think they...
I don't remember seeing the Derby Machine.
I don't know if they got rid of it.
No!
I think it might still be there.
I don't want to cause a panic yet.
They put it in the bathroom or something.
Probably.
Anyway, sorry.
What would this show be without my random tangents?
Come on.
Transformers the Game also coming out on the Nintendo Wii in Japan.
If you haven't heard yet, you shouldn't buy this game, because it sucks.
Well, here's something that they're saying does not suck, and it's actually all kinds
of cool.
Baroque on the Wii makes its way in Japan this week, and that is our role-playing game
that's going to be pretty hot.
A few more weeks, we're going to get that too.
Yeah, it is coming out here, but if you want to get an early sneak peek and you can understand
Japanese, you might want to import that.
Or if you live in Japan, check it out.
PlayStation 2, guess what, winning post 7, also on PlayStation 2.
Also this week on March 13th, where would we be without a Neon Genesis Evangelion Battle
Orchestra?
Woohoo!
Oh, it's actually just a price reduction.
It's not a new release.
My bad.
They should do like a new Owen Dunn-type game with Evangelion.
What's that?
I have one of the Evangelion games.
See, I'm so glad I'm not the only one that does tangents.
Yes, Jamie, you have one of the games.
What is it?
It's on Saturn, not the Steel Girlfriend, but the other one that came out.
And all it is, is really confusing.
It's like a dating sim.
If this one's like the others, it's like a dating sim where you play as, I guess you
play as Shinji and then you choose different things in battle, then really it's just, oh
look, it's shooting.
Bang.
Oh look, the creature falls.
Bang.
How could you think about dating now when the world is ending?
I don't know, we've seen End of Evangelion.
Alright, if I may move on with the releases, there is a new release on PlayStation 2, and
it even comes with a limited edition if you want to get it.
12 Riven, the psi criminal of Intergal, that's the name of the games coming out in Japan.
Let's see, check out the handheld systems on the Nintendo DS, Call of Duty 4.
I didn't know they had to wait for this game, Contra Dual Spirits finally comes out in Japan
this week.
Jewel Love, Kosuru Otome wa Shiori no Joshin comes out as well.
Lots of titles this week, more stuff in the Simple DS series.
Yu-Gi-Oh!
Spirit Summoner gets a price reduction, and Koinu no Heya, and Kantan Tanoshi Okuyashi
Navi DS comes out from Koi.
And oh, this is kind of rad, The Legend of Kage 2, Kage Densetsu comes out.
I forgot that they were, I remember now hearing a story about that they were making a sequel
to The Legend of Kage.
That's kind of rad.
So that will be coming out on the Nintendo DS, and lastly, let me see if there's anything
of note on the PSP, oh, Dark Sakura, Parodius Portable gets a price reduction this week.
Woo-hoo!
You want to check that out?
Time to import.
Same thing with the Salamander Portable, and Twinbee Portable.
Woo-hoo!
Jamie, you need to go on a shopping spree.
Really time to import.
You need to go on a shopping spree.
No new games, but easy.
I love Twinbee and Parodius and Salamander.
Some accessories come out like Easy Pouch Portable and Inner Pouch Portable.
If you ever wanted to camouflage Inner Pouch, here's your chance.
Let's move on.
Please.
We've got our UK releases on the 13th is Sam and Max episode 204, Chariots of the Dogs
on PC.
And the 14th, Rob's favorite, Build-a-Bear Workshop on the DS.
Oh, hooray.
The 14th is...
That is coming for Wii sometime soon, too.
Yay!
The 14th is CSI Hard Evidence, Dragon Quest Monsters Joker on DS, Fish Tycoon, Flat Out
Head On, Jumper on Wii, Master of Illusion on DS, No More Heroes on Wii, Star Trek Conquest,
which will be PS2 and Wii, The Spiderwick Chronicles on DS, and Turning Point Fall of
Liberty on Xbox 360, PS3, and PC.
There's another Star Trek game coming out?
Please tell me it doesn't suck, like the last one that came out on 360.
I still wouldn't.
On 360?
Yeah.
There was a...
What was it, Armada or whatever it was called?
There was a game that came out.
It was on the Wii and...
I think it was on the Wii.
The Wii and PS2.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
It came out around November for us.
I'm waiting for the Star Trek anime, though.
That's going to be fun.
I hope it happens.
I know it keeps changing.
Anyway, sorry.
Okay.
In the US, we're getting some good stuff this week.
Of course today, Smash Brothers, if you haven't picked it up yet, or just, I don't know, maybe
you haven't heard over the last six months that it's coming out today, it has.
Later this week, though, we've got some cool stuff, including Condemned 2, Bloodshot, that's
coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
If you're in the mood for a light gun game for the Wii, we've got House of the Dead 2
and 3 Returns for a whopping $29.99.
Not bad.
And let's see, also Insecticide is going to be on the DS.
That was supposed to be one of those adventure games, almost kind of like a LucasArts type
thing from Gamecock.
And Pro Evo 2008, that's on almost every system out there, Konami's a soccer game.
Buzz Junior RoboJam, if you have preschoolers, they might like that.
Nano Straight 2 on the DS, that's a good shooter game, if you like some of those Japanese-style
ones.
Wild Arms XF, a really cool game from XSeed, that's on PSP.
There's also a collection of previously released wrestling games, WWE Smackdown vs Raw Super
Star series, and I believe the last three games are released in that.
Buzz The Hollywood Quiz, that's on PlayStation 2 as well this week.
Also Ratchet and Clank Size Matters on PlayStation 2, and let's see, World Championship Cards
on PSP.
That's, I don't know, looks kind of boring.
You can't wait for the wireless nunchuck adapter, they've got the cord-free wireless adapter
for your existing nunchucks, so until the actual wireless nunchuck comes out, that'll
I guess have to do.
And then, unfortunately, I have to mention this, but I believe, no actually that may
be Monday, whatever, but coming out next week, or the week after next I should say, I had
judgment, BioLith Rebellion 2 booster pack.
There's cards for that.
We need a million copies to sell, folks!
And no, we will not be including the booster packs, I'm afraid.
Aww, jerk.
Never mind, don't buy it.
Alright, but didn't we get to include the sales of some other game?
Was it Let's Be Friends Forever?
I don't remember.
Was it Let's Ride Friends Forever?
Maybe, I don't remember.
I think it may have been Let's Ride Friends Forever, I don't know.
Just gotta keep track of all these games.
Alright, that are part of the bet.
Well, one game definitely wasn't a part of the bet because it probably would have sold
tons of copies and Loki would be running around in a tingle suit before we know it, is Bully.
But some people who bought the new version of Bully on the 360 this week apparently were
left pretty disappointed.
Basically the game came out and it was buggy.
There's audio glitches, frame rate problems, crashes.
This game definitely did not really do very well in QA or something, or I don't know if
they were asleep or what.
Or they just said, release it, we'll fix it in a week.
Well, who knows?
I mean, I don't know.
I don't know who's to blame for this.
Maybe they were doing it on dev kits or something and something changed.
I don't know.
But regardless, a Rockstar Games has basically come out and made a public apology.
Really just a giant, my bad.
But they are going to be doing a title update via Xbox Live.
They are going to release a patch sometime in the next week.
No word yet if Rockstar is actually going to be offering a complete replacement program
kind of like had to happen for Guitar Hero 3 on the Wii.
Probably not, because they're fixing it.
They can patch it on 360.
The Wii doesn't really have anything built in the place where they can patch that stuff,
so that's why they did the full replacements.
Did you pick up Bully by chance?
Do you own any version of Bully?
No, I don't own Bully.
I think I may try it on the Wii.
I don't know, we'll see.
Does the Wii have all the waggle controls and all that good stuff?
It does.
And I don't know.
I'm not, I don't really have time to play it right now, that's the problem.
Maybe later I'll pick it up when it drops in price some more.
Boy, our chat room is full of comedians tonight.
Rob with 2B says maybe Bully was a typo for Buggy.
And Tigerclaw says the 360 has been bullied from the sounds of it.
No two drink minimum here, folks.
All for free in chat.
Well, how about a little bit of better news?
This is for people who, like me, have an iPhone.
There are games coming out on the iPhone, finally.
And among them is an adaptation of Spore for iPhone, and Super Monkey Ball, with updated
graphics and everything, going to be on the iPhone.
There's also the actual first game is going to be called Touch Fighter, which you use
as a, I guess like a steering wheel.
The note on here says it took two weeks to develop, so it probably isn't going to be
all that great.
And then there's also some talk about worms, possibly a port of worms and a few other things.
And Apple's going to be making 30% of every sale, so that's going to be good news for
them.
I'm going to have some Monkey Ball.
That sounds so wrong.
Gold Banjo calls it Eye Spore, and oh man, we unleashed a beast, because me reading jokes
in chat, just now everything's going downhill now.
Son of Dad says, Eye Spore would be an eye sore.
Oh my God, he did not say that, did he?
Yes.
Startezia, no.
What?
I can't talk to you, you don't have an iPhone.
One of Extrofer's quotes, I was in one of his YouTubes.
It's funny stuff, anyway, tangent, hello.
That's us, the tangent cast.
So Bungie, after hearing the story last week about a kid who sent in his Xbox 360, that
had been signed by various members of the Bungie team and also from Rooster Teeth, the
folks who do Red vs. Blue, having it come back completely wiped clean, Bungie has actually
rallied together to kind of, I don't know, make up for Microsoft's mistake.
And they've, I think, gone a little bit above and beyond.
They sent him a full, I don't know, swag box, basically, with a signed Halo 3 helmet signed
by the entire team of Bungie and just a whole bunch of other swag from Halo 3, including
the limited edition controllers, the Tom McFarland figurines, faceplates, wall graphics, just
everything.
So good job, Bungie.
I thought that was really cool of them, too.
They didn't have to, it wasn't their fault, but they made good on it.
Achievement unlocked, as successfully kissed.
I don't have the little noise, sorry.
You need to get on that.
I know, I will work on that.
Maybe for part B I will get the achievement unlock noise for you guys.
One thing that is probably inevitable that's going to happen at some point is that Microsoft's
going to want to upgrade those hard drives that are custom to come with the 3, I'm sorry,
is the show boring you, Dark Soccer?
No.
Just let out a big old yawn.
I don't know if the mic picked that up.
I don't know.
I needed oxygen.
All right.
No, that's all right.
Anyhow, apparently Microsoft is going to be getting rid of the 20 gigabyte hard drive
that it currently comes with the core system, but no worries, it's actually something better
that's going to happen.
They're going to get a 60 gigabyte system.
So the core system is going away, and instead you're going to get a pro system.
So that's coming from a site named Trusted Reviews, and they seem pretty sure about this
new world exclusive they've got.
And usually we don't trust no-name sites, but then again, what are we, right?
Here's my thought on it.
It makes sense.
I guess it makes sense.
I don't think they're going to get rid of the core system, because they still have that
argument.
I'm sorry.
I meant premium, not core.
What the hell was I thinking?
Thank you, chat.
The premium system, what they may do, because the cost of storage is obviously coming down,
is they may just start replacing the 20s with 60s, so eventually they won't be selling the
20 gig hard drive anymore.
It'll just come with a 60 gig hard drive, probably for the same price.
Or hey, maybe they'll include a price drop in that at the same time.
Wouldn't that be awesome?
But I doubt it.
This would make a lot of sense, though, that this is just a matter of time before this
comes out, so we shall see.
Well, as far as other things to see, and this makes me happy, there is going to be, finally,
a Doctor Who game coming out for the DS, PS2, and PC, and that makes me very, very, very
happy.
And I'm assuming that you'd probably play as the 10th Doctor.
I mean, I would just assume, although it'd be kind of cool if you get your choice, you
know, or if you, like, play as a Dalek and exterminate everything in your path, I think
that that would be awesome.
And you know, there were Doctor Who games, like, you know, back in, you know, the early
80s, I think, but this just makes me happy.
It would be kind of cool, though, if you could play as a Cyberman and upgrade everybody.
Any details about, like, what exactly the game's going to tell?
Because I seem to remember we had this announcement on the show before, but it was, like, a rumor,
so I'm just kind of curious, like, did we get any bonus information, or is this just
people wanting us to remember that it is coming soon?
Eidos is bringing it out, and the quote is not too far away as far as the release date,
so it gets the soon category.
So it will be coming soon.
I would say probably later than soon.
Well, congratulations, DarkSakura, you have successfully worked a Doctor Who reference
into our program.
Woohoo!
There you go.
I told you I'd find the noise at some point.
Good job.
Good job.
Now, Loki, if you...
He's keeping track of our achievement points, chat room.
Now, Loki, if you can successfully read the next story with no boo-boos, 30 gamerscore.
So Sega made an announcement basically this week saying that they're not interested in
a buyout from EA.
So basically they had an interview with Rooters, and the Sega Sammy CEO Simon Jeffries said
his company is eager to ride the industry's recent wave of consolidation.
That's not an area we want to play in right now.
He said we have no interest in being acquired, we are very happy with our position right
now.
My thought on this is, who asked you?
I mean, no one's trying to buy Sega right now, so...
Well, Loki, tell us what you really think.
Well, we don't want to be bought out right now.
That's okay, we don't want to buy you right now either, so...
That's exactly what Ross Steel, UT, and chat says.
Who the hell wants to buy Sega Sammy?
That's kind of sad.
I know, I know, but you know, it's just kind of like, well, we don't want to be bought
out, see?
It's not like they're not getting offered to be bought out, it's just like, well, even
if we were offered we'd say no, so...
And Ranma and chat says, leave Sega alone!
They don't have to make games for you!
I mean, if they did buy Sega, you would get the rights to the official Beijing 2008 Olympics
game.
Ooh, maybe.
Didn't Sega make the Mario Sonic game, or did somebody else make that?
Sega made the Mario Sonic game.
And you know, the Mario Sonic game did pretty well.
It sold 5 million worldwide.
That's right.
Man, a lot of people are suckers.
I think that was one of the stories that was lost in our Part B destroyage last week, but
you know.
Well, you know, EA and Sega could team up, you know, possibly on The Sims 3, because
The Sims 3, you know, has been actually announced that it is coming, and here's the thing about
The Sims 3, here's the big twist, in The Sims 3 you will be going outside.
Now not in real life, unfortunately, but The Sims 3 will focus a little more on outdoor
life.
It's supposed to have a more large, and like, just a gigantic neighborhood, where if you
actually leave your house, you get into a much bigger area that you can kind of play
with.
And kill Sims.
Hopefully.
So, Sims mood, Sims motives, that whole thing is changing.
Players are going to be encouraged to just, you know, be more social.
It's going to be more of a social game, as opposed to you getting your points for, you
know, remembering to eat and sleep and poop and all that stuff, so.
Speaking of which, there will be no more P meter in The Sims.
They are getting rid of that in The Sims 3.
Here's a quote from the latest issue of Games for Windows magazine, quote, the biggest change
to The Sims 3 is that it takes place in a wide open, constantly changing neighborhood,
a much bigger sandbox, if you will, and a much more complex situation.
The town and park you see on the cover image to the right exists in the same seamless space
as your Sims household, and what you do outside your home now matters as much as what you
do within.
And somewhere in the-
So you can't let yourself in front of people?
Unfortunately, no.
Dude, the best thing was to send somebody on a date and ignore their P meter?
I think the best thing was my old roommate, Billy, did the best house ever, it was hilarious.
He had seven gay guys all in a house, and you know, he had them all making out with
each other or whatever, and then there was one woman that lived there.
Well somewhere along the line, he forgot to build a bathroom, so the poor woman just had
to clean up all the guys' messes, and eventually she died of fatigue, it was really sad.
But she could never go to bed, because she always had to-
Julie made the death house, which had like a swimming pool with no ladder, and had flammable
objects, and she wouldn't teach them how to cook, but she'd make them cook.
The thing is, they won't jump into the pool unless you put a ladder in.
Well that's right, but you take it out.
Yeah, you take it out once they're in the pool, and then they don't know how to get
out of the pool without a ladder.
I love it.
It's like, you know, ordinary people can climb out of a pool without a ladder, but oh, the
Sims just can't do it.
And then you'd make like cells, you know, where you put them in the room and then you
remove the door, so they're just trapped in the room.
You trap them in the wall and you put a table with a radio on it, full blast, next to them.
And she had like a full graveyard in the backyard.
You know, I'm thinking we have issues.
Like seriously, issues.
I like snatching people off the street in debug mode and throwing them into my house
and they're never to be seen ever again.
This is so wrong!
Alright.
That's beautiful.
I like your psychosis there.
Dark Sakura, we really need you to bring some sanity back to the show.
Dude, I was bringing the insanity.
And well, I guess it's only going to continue because this is the part of the show we like
to call Dark Sakura's Classic Game of the Week.
I have a game.
Please say you've picked something relatively sane for the listeners tonight.
Hell no!
I've picked something intensely insane.
I have VibRibbon as our game of the week, which is quite insane.
Now, this would have nothing to do with the fact that you have kind of like brought up
this game and referenced it on previous shows.
I just wanted to pick it.
Oh, okay.
Well, you can do whatever you want.
But we need to play the intro for everybody so they know how to play it.
The game sings to you to tell you how to play it.
The whole tutorial is sung to you by the stupid little rabbit and the game's all vector, which
I think is pretty freaking fantastic.
Well, not like true vector, but it's like a simple line and a line-drawing bunny that
you play as.
The game was developed by Matsuura Masaya, who was the guy who brought us Parappa and
Umjiramalani.
Basically, Vibri, who is the main character, if you do badly, well, let me start off how
to play it.
First of all, you've got obstacles that are in the way.
You have a block or a loop or a wave or a pit.
And you have to press a different button to bypass this as you're going along on basically
this continuous line.
And the way that it goes is, you know, if you don't go over the obstacles by pressing
the right button, you will get hurt.
And the more you get hurt, you change forms and you can turn from a rabbit into a frog
and then a worm and then you just die.
However, if you do really well, you eventually turn into a fairy princess.
Loki, this sounds like your kind of game.
You can be a fairy princess.
Oh yeah, totally.
Right now.
But the other thing about this is that there are six, I believe, no, there's a few songs
that are, yeah, six songs that are included in the game itself.
However you can put in your own CDs and play whatever you want to, which we've tried to
do to like a whole bunch of old Beatmania stuff, but I found the best thing ever.
Let me actually play this for you guys.
I know this makes horrible radio when you can't actually see the video, but I think
you'll see why this is so epic when I load this here, what somebody actually did this
YouTube here.
The username on YouTube is 725Natsuko and 725Natsuko put in a very familiar song in
the VIB ribbon.
That's right, it's VIB ribbon to Dragon Force.
And Dragon Force, of course, makes any game epic.
Well, a little bit more as you go into this game, just a few more details, is that some
of your other obstacles are combinations of your basic core obstacles, so you have to
press the combination of the two buttons that would have been for the individual obstacle,
which is where I was getting hung up.
And then you have different levels of gameplay where you'll have your obstacles coming at
you, but then as you go through harder levels, they'll cross over each other so you really
don't know, you know it's coming up, but you don't know that that's the next one.
It's like the obstacles are coming towards you at different speeds, and you can also
play it straight forward, as in you're just staring at it across the screen, but as you
play harder levels, you're playing at it from different angles, so it gets quite a bit harder.
And like I said, the guy that brought this out gave us Krappa and Umjumma Lamy, but there's
also sequels.
There's Moja Ribbon, which I think I'm actually still going to pick up, but Moja Ribbon, you
basically are, it's almost like you're rapping, but you're playing kanji.
I played it once, it is fascinating.
It's so different than Vib Ribbon.
There's a third Vib Ribbon series.
There's Vib Ripple that came out as well.
Vib Ripple is supposed to be done with different images that are loaded into the game that
you play with.
Also, there is talk of making a remake of Vib Ribbon for PS3 that will be out via the
PlayStation Network, and the quote is saying we're discussing the possibility of making
a downloadable version of Vib Ribbon for Sony, but I don't know yet, so that would be really
cool.
And actually, this game came out in Japan and came out in Europe, but we never got it
in America.
And it was so weird to see the intro in English when I looked at this YouTube, I was like,
oh yes, right, they got this game in Europe, because I've only ever played the Japanese
one that you had.
That's why I linked it to you so that you could see, because it has this, and it's not
an exact translation, but I love Vibri.
I love Vibri, okay, Vibri is great.
Excellent stuff.
Oh, and also when you get the high score in this game, he sings a little song to you.
There should be a link up there of the song he sings when you get a high score, but it's
just this little dance that says, yay, you got a high score, let me serenade you.
This game is great.
Look, he's a fairy princess now.
A lovely dose of insanity courtesy of Dark Sakura from the ever-so-cracked-out, you've
got to check the searches on YouTube, look at the videos, it's awesome, Vib Ribbon, that's
V-I-B Ribbon is the name of the game, check that out.
It's this week's Classic Game of the Week here on Orange Lounge Radio.
Good pick, Dark Sakura.
Predictable, but good.
I approve.
It was a matter of time.
I knew it was just a matter of time.
All right, well, that's going to do it here for Orange Lounge Radio Part A, but we will
be back in a little while with more of Orange Lounge Radio on Part B of our podcast.
Yes, we are hoping we will have a Part B this week.
Everything is arranged so that should happen, so stay tuned.
Part B will be coming at you in just a few days, so we'll see you then.
Orange Lounge Radio is taped live on Sunday nights and is podcasted to the world twice
a week.
Stay tuned to our podcast feed for the conclusion of this week's Orange Lounge Radio.
