Orange Lounge Radio
Who's your hosts? DarkSakura
Sky and Loco
Tonight, March 2, 2008
Metal Gear Solid 4 gets dated and bundled
Mario Kart Wii also gets a date and online texting
And could the game Road Rash be making a comeback?
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello everybody out there on the internet and welcome to another week of Orange Lounge Radio
We are that podcast on the internet dedicated to video games, video gaming, gaming culture and the gamer lifestyle
My name is Rob Roberts and joining me as always say hello to the one and only DarkSakura
Hi
How are you Miss DarkSakura?
I'm well
You're well, that's good
Yes, I'm well
You're well, alright
I'm hoping in a few seconds here you'll be doing really well
I'll explain why momentarily
Okay
But first I have to introduce the one and only tech master, Loki
Hello
How are you doing, Loki?
Good
Alright
Sorry I don't have anything extra for you tonight, but you know, that's what happens
I gotta say though, very interesting troubleshooting before the show
We were kind of joking last week on the show that February is the month of Broken here on Orange Lounge Radio
And unfortunately it looked like March was going to turn out the same way
Because for whatever reason we have a wireless network that sits inside the house here where we tape
And for whatever reason just last week when we were doing the short show
It suddenly decided that the strength is not going to be as powerful anymore
And the Justin TV cam would not see, that runs off an iBook that would no longer see the WiFi network
And then tonight Jamie's computer decided it wasn't going to see the network either
So I have no idea what's going on with the box
But very impressed with the technical skills behind
What did we do? We turned your computer
We turned my computer into a gateway
So it's using my wireless internet connection
But I have an ethernet cable and you ran it to the old router
And then you're taking the MacBook and Jamie's and going wireless to that
So it's bouncing wireless to the router to my laptop, wireless to the other router
So right now
We'll do a piggybacking
Jamie's computer in the Justin TV cam which is back this week
Hi guys
Is going through this router
That goes through Loki's computer
That goes through the router in the house which goes to Comcast
And the internet
Yeah
Amazing
This is uber geek tech talk here on Orange Lounge Radio
It's like a wireless orgy
Alright
And now we're going to turn into the Oprah show for a minute
Because we're going to do a giveaway here on the program
I have something for Jamie
And it's actually her birthday present
And it's like six weeks early
What?
Yes I'm giving you your birthday present six weeks early
Because it's something you have to prepare for
Okay
So I'm going to give this to you
Plus I know that you were having a bit of a poopy week
So I think this is a good time for me to give this to you
Okay
So here you go
Open it up and see what they're tickets to
Okay
Alright and hopefully she likes it, I hope
Wow I know they heard this squeak on Justin TV
Yay
Tell the listeners what I got you
Rob got me a ticket to see Margaret Cho
Now in here locally
Now I'd also like to point out, look at where the seats are
Eee
That's like close
That's third row
Probably look up her nose
Third row tickets
So quite excited
Yay
Oh my god where is this?
Davis
Really?
So it's not that far at all
Cool
There we have it
So mark that date on your calendar
It's May something something
I'm doing that right now
Alright
Happy happy happy happy happy happy happy
There you go
So I thought that would help after a poopy week
And my worst fear was that you were going to plan something else
So like I knew I had to tell you
Or get tickets independently somehow
I didn't even know
I didn't either, I got an email about it
So there you go
And I know Jamie loves some Margaret Cho and I do too
She's pretty funny
Hopefully she's not quite so political
I liked it better when she was dicking fart jokes
But you know
She's still somebody I like
Yes me and you
Cool
Alright
There should be two there
I was like
Okay
I thought so because I was like
Why
Okay
No you have to take me I'm sorry
Of course
Of course
No this is so cool
Thank you Rob
Alright you're welcome
Now we can get to talking about video games yes?
Yeah
Alright
So we're done with Tech Talk
We're done with Oprah
Now let's talk
Let's talk video games
How was your gaming week
Dark Sakura?
My gaming week was
Well it was interesting
Because I almost put in Kingdom Hearts 2
I picked it up
And then I had other stuff to do
Because I watched Tron earlier in the week
I was like
I love Tron I want to play Kingdom Hearts
Because of the whole Space Paranoids level
And there was a lot of burnout
And I watched Dan play a lot of burnout
And I played a lot of Ragnarok
That was it
Alright
Well Loki how was your gaming week?
My gaming week was okay
I played
I actually picked up Pop Tippon
And I've been playing quite a bit of that
In fact that's what I was playing before the show
It's fun
It's different
I like it
I don't know
It's very easy to play
But I guess
It takes some time to build up your armies and stuff
Then I played
And I actually purchased N Plus
On Xbox Live Arcade
And that game is just as fun as the original N
So thoroughly enjoying that
And
I actually played a little bit of Frogger this week
Because we were having this party
We have at the end of every month for our work
And this one happened to be leap year themed
And so they wanted Frogger
And they used my system to play Frogger
So I got to play some of that
Because no one else was touching it
And then
I've been playing a lot of Lost Odyssey
So that's actually pretty cool
I finally got to the point in the game
Where one of the characters dies
Not necessarily a main character
But I was just very surprised
On how everyone makes that argument
Of video games being art and stuff
Well
Shit I think there's a perfect example right there
Of how powerful they can make the story
And it was pretty cool
So
I'm about 11 hours into it now
Still on the first disc though
And just taking my time through that
And
Pretty much that's it I guess
Other than the usual Saints Row
But
No one wants to hear about that
For the five billionth time?
Yeah
Well let's see
In my gaming week I also played Lost Odyssey
And I had much the same experience as you did
I got to the second disc
Which means you kind of go through
Some big plot twists in the first event
Or first disc let's put it that way
And I'm amazed by the game
And I'm still amazed that the game is getting as much flak
As it has been
Although you know I do understand
Some of the little complaints about the game
And even one of them I find to be kind of annoying
And that is lack of save points
One of the things that has been bugging me
Is that sometimes I'll be forced to sit there for an hour
While the next part of the game loads
Or whatever
I mean it just takes forever
It's crazy
To get to the next save point
While you watch through all these cut scenes
I mean it's not like it's bad
It's not like you're bored or anything
Or you're just getting antsy
Because there's lots to do
But sometimes I only want to play in little 30 minute chunks
And so I'm kind of stuck there for an hour
It auto saves too for some things
Some things
But not a lot
I haven't had that problem with
Save points
What do you think about the difficulty of the game?
It's not that difficult
Some of the first
Some of the boss battles
Were surprisingly tough
If you grind some of the way through there
Because a lot of this game
Seems like it's very quick
There's certain areas in the game
Where there's like 2 or 3 sections of the map
And then that's it
And then you're on to the next section of the world
Or whatever
It's very small
But I don't know
It wasn't that difficult
You just grind a little bit
And get your characters leveled up
And it's pretty easy
Also I have the preorder bonus
So I have an item that gives me
A level 2 guard or whatever
So I can block most of the shots
Nice, I don't have that
That was something you got for preorder, huh?
Hopefully they release that as a download thing later
It will probably come later on
Let's go over to the chat room
The chat room has their own comments
rostelut says
It only sucks when you die an hour without a save
Kind of true, but there's also some things
Where you go through cutscene, cutscene, cutscene
And then you have to fight a big boss battle
I know you can skip cutscenes
But even then
Sometimes you have to sit there
And hit the game engine
So you have to kind of sit there and press A-A-A-A-A
You can also pause it
And hit the back button
For the cutscenes, but what about the ones
Where they're actually talking to each other
With the dialogue boxes, you have to A-A-A
I don't know
It doesn't matter
It's honestly just a tiny little blemish
In what is otherwise a magnificent game
That deserves to be getting more attention than it is
As far as other games I've been playing this week
I've been playing Super Smash Bros. Brawl
Because
I was
Loki was kind enough to loan me his Japanese copy
And the Wii to play it on
So I was checking that out a little bit this week
Didn't understand what I was doing, but I was having fun
Playing just the massive
Free-for-all mode
So that was pretty cool
Obviously, last week I was sick
On the show, and I'm happy to report I'm better
I did have a sinus infection, so I had to go to a doctor
And antibiotics and blah blah blah
But Loki lent me that as kind of a get better soon type thing
Which was very nice
I did end up playing Lost Odyssey most of the time
I didn't actually hook that thing up till like Friday
That's exactly why I loaded tickets
This is exactly what I'm doing
I'm not playing Smash Bros.
Well, even before Smash Bros. Brawl
I never played Melee very much
Maybe once at a friend's house
The first Smash Bros. Brawl I didn't even touch
So
I don't know
It's not really my type of game
It's fun
You know
I may pick up the US one
I haven't decided yet if I want to do that or not
Gerardimo in chat says
Rob, do you think Brawl lives up to the hype
Even if it's not in English
Kind of, it's hard to tell
I don't feel right giving a fair review
On a Japanese game when I don't understand how to get into
Some of the modes and look at the extra stuff
It does, yeah
Loki has no problem answering that
The parts I've seen so far
Feel like Smash Bros. Melee
1.5 a little bit
Because it's like the same kind of engine
The same stuff with just some new characters
But I realize that's not being totally fair
In saying that because I haven't looked at everything
Outside of just the brawling
But it does seem like, you know, there's a lot of the stuff
They just copied right on over from the GameCube version
So
Very interesting
Frisbee says Halo 3 feels like
Halo 2.5
It's a little bit that
I don't know how to say it
So that was my gaming week
So if that's everybody's gaming week
Then we will move on to talking about some news
But for some housekeeping
Of which we have nothing special of note
What's that?
What's that? I forget
The award contest thing that's going on through all games
That's like three months old
I can't believe you just saw that
I did just see that
Hey, I don't read, you know
I unfortunately don't read their website
Or their forums
You're just too busy
Doing other things
I will give it a mention on air
I don't even know if it's still going on
I think it's kind of funny that Loki took so long to find it
I posted a link on the forums
Let me see
December 27th
I didn't even notice it
All games
Which our show runs on
We syndicate on their network
They play us Monday nights
And I want to say
And then Tuesday mornings
At 9am
No, because they do their regular
All games show at 10 now
So I don't even know what time we run Tuesday mornings
But I know our show is syndicated on their network
Mondays and Tuesdays, supposedly
And we were nominated for Awards Are Hard
As a best affiliate podcast
And it's all going on in their forums
The voting
I would think it's already over
Three months ago
But then again, the topics are still up
Who knows, maybe it's an ongoing thing
From yesterday to today
They've put the votes
As anonymous so you can't see
What each podcast has
Yesterday it didn't have it that way
And Tigerclaw says, Sky, they still haven't announced
The winners, so I guess it is ongoing
For three months now
And Tigerclaw, I know listens to all games
Every other day
I don't know
I voted for us
Well, I appreciate the support
I guess, for yourself
I mentioned that I was going to vote for Bobby
But he bought a knife judgment
And I can't support that kind of behavior
That's most unfortunate
He also dropped out of the race
As of like yesterday
Didn't want to play that game
Alright, well if you want to throw us a vote
It's over on forums.allgames.com
I will plug the other stuff I know we always got
We have our live general community at Orange Lounge
Our MySpace at Orange Lounge Radio
And our Facebook is the OLR
You can look us up on our social networking sites
Meet other OLR listeners
Look at our posts and clips of the show
We have on some of those places like MySpace
Tons of fun
Alright, let's get into the gaming news
Loki, take it away
Ok, so there was a lot of stuff coming out this week
From Destination and Playstation
It's the retail only conference thing
Or whatever
I couldn't go, but other people from my company did
Bastards
And of course, you know, some of the news that leaked out
Metal Gear Solid 4 has a date finally
It's officially coming to the US
On June 12th
And that of course
Not only was leaked out
But confirmed by Konami
And they also said that if you reserve your copy
Of Metal Gear Solid 4
Starting April 2008
You get Metal Gear Saga 2.0
A DVD to catch you up on
All the stuff that's going on in the series
As well as
A beta code for
Metal Gear Online
And then to coincide with that
And this
I don't know if this is going to be the official
You know, remember because the 80GB
Skew for the PS3 was being phased out
Well, there's a new 80GB Skew now
Same price, but you get
Metal Gear Solid 4 and a DualShock 3
Controller, all for $499
Which is not a bad deal at all
If you don't have a PS3
Because I know a lot of people would be buying a PS3 for that
And it's nice that they're actually throwing in
The DualShock 3 instead of making you buy that
Separately
No word on when that's coming out
But it's supposed to come out around the same time as
Metal Gear Solid 4, obviously
So, June 12th and on
I guess
Alright
Well, moving on to
Other gaming news
Although it still has to do with Metal Gear Solid 4
Actually, let me
Back up for just a minute
Loki, how important
Is this news to Playstation
Fans, you think?
I think it's very important
I think this is going to sell a lot more systems than
The year old MotorStorm
They needed to update that bundle
Anyways, because
Shit, that game is old now
And I think Metal Gear Solid 4 is the perfect game
To throw in there, especially now that
I'm assuming the new bundles are going to start coming with
The DualShock 3 controllers
Probably not the 40GB for right now
Because there's a
The one right now doesn't have it
And I don't know if they're going to announce a new one
Anytime soon
It's important
I think this game is actually one of the first
Major games for the PS3
That you can only get on the PS3
And that's
A little bit of fuel to Sony's Fire
Although this is the first of hopefully many
But
Hopefully it does very well
Let's say Metal Gear Solid 4
Does not sell
All that, I mean let's say
Obviously the game is going to sell fine
At least mediocre
But let's say the game does not sell super duper well
And doesn't move all these new bundles
Is that going to be really bad for Sony?
Or will they get more chances?
They may have more chances, but a lot of the stuff
That they're counting on is way later on
Killzone 2 will be another one that moves
Systems, Resistance, Fall of Man 2
Maybe MotorStorm 2
And then
Final Fantasy 13, that's so far off
That I wouldn't even
Consider that anything to wait for
Right now for the PS3
If you're going to wait that long, you might as well just wait for the PlayStation 4
But
At the same time
I don't know
It should do very well
But once again, you know, they're also hoping
Blu-ray is going to sell these systems
You know, it's a lot of hopes and dreams
But we'll actually have to see what happens
I mean, it'll be a very interesting spring
My parents got a Blu-ray
Player, which kind of surprised me
Because they're not usually on the cutting edge
Of all the technological gadgets
And I was playing with their Blu-ray player a little bit
And it was slow
It was so slow
And I'm sorry, I know sometimes we get the mail
Like, you guys always pick on Sony, we hate Sony
Because, you know, if we hated Sony
We would so have a PSP-oriented website
But anyway, it's beside the point
But seriously, it was slow
And clunky, it reminded me
It's just first generation stuff
Well, the first DVD player we ever had
Was kind of slow and clunky, too
I remember when I had a single-speed CD-ROM drive
Now that's slow shit right there
Well, Rob, you know what?
What?
I think it's funny that you mentioned them getting a Blu-ray player
Why?
We got an HD DVD player
Did you? Did you get the one for the Xbox?
Yes, we did, 50 bucks
Oh yeah, because they're so cheap now
Yep
Do you think you'll get enough library of movies to go with it?
Well, I don't care what else Dan gets
You know, he picked up a couple of movies
But I don't really care because that's all I'm getting
There you go, nice
Alright, well, obviously, Metal Gear Solid
Is one thing many PlayStation 3 fans are looking forward to
But there's also Metal Gear Online
And we already talked about in a previous show
The Metal Gear Online Starter Pack
That's supposed to be going out with Metal Gear Solid 4
Well, they're going to be beta testing
Metal Gear Online in late April
But here's the deal
If you pre-order Metal Gear Solid 4
You will get
Guaranteed access
To this limited beta
It's a little bit reminiscent
It seems to me like the crackdown Halo 3 thing
I think
There you go, but I'm sure
Most people that would be into Metal Gear Online
Are already going to pick up Metal Gear Solid 4
This is just incentive, I guess, to get pre-orders out there
Which makes sense to me
That Sony would want that because they're going to want
Strong numbers out the gate as much as possible
To try and put next to
Halo 3
And what I'm assuming
Will probably be Smash Brothers numbers
And so on and so on
It's kind of like their day one big seller
It's going to be the number one game for the console
It's just
Halo 3 may have
Been the number one game
For the Xbox 360
But I don't think it sold that many systems
I'm sure there's people that waited to buy
A system for Halo 3
I don't know
I believe a lot of systems got sold because of that game
Metal Gear Solid 4 might push a lot of systems
But then again, their system is still more expensive
And
It's a little easier now to make that purchase
Now that we know that
Blu-ray is going to be the high-def format
Of choice
Metal Gear Solid 4 does have a definite date now
And we know when it's coming
Plus now you have
Grand Theft Auto 4 as well
There's going to be a lot of stuff to play on there
But
They can't just rely on these
Couple games to push the sales
They really need to put out a strong library of games
And they have a lot of catching up to do
Alright, well
For you Metal Gear Solid fans
You might want to go pre-order the game if you want to check out the
Online beta
If you don't already have it pre-ordered
Which I'm sure many of you do
Well, there had been
Talk that Metal Gear Solid was going to be ported
To Playstation 2
That's actually not happening
The Metal Gear
Metal Gear Solid essential collection
Is going to be on two DVDs
It's supposed to be out
On March 18th
For $29.99
Over here in the US
It's going to be a Playstation 1 game
That's awesome
Well, I mean, there would be no point to really remake
You know
Metal Gear Solid for Playstation 2
Maybe there were people that were hoping that
Some of the, cause you know there was the GameCube one
Didn't the GameCube one have some extra frills
When it came out?
I think so
Maybe people were hoping some of those extra frills would come over
I'm surprised that they didn't put
Metal Gear Solid 1
And then also have like VR
Missions as well
Well, my theory is that they are going to
This is again just my theory
Because really
The VR Missions was part of Metal Gear Solid
Integral
Which was basically Metal Gear Solid
All you need to do is put in the camera control
And you can play it that way
So they could easily
Include the VR Missions and the
I guess integral mode
Hmm
Well, it's neat
I mean, I guess it's not too, I mean
If this Playstation is backwards compatible
And all that, you know, at least what little
Backwards compatibility some of them have
It's not surprising that they only need to kind of put it out there
On Playstation 1 format
Exactly, and if I remember correctly
There's collections coming out
In a couple weeks
Should be able to pick it up soon
And it's cheap, 30 bucks
Very cool
A really cool
Well, you know, not cool for me because I already own
A couple PSPs, but for someone that may not own
A PSP yet, you can get a brand new
PSP Slim that happens to be red
With a giant head of Kratos
Silkscreen on the back
This will actually be replacing
The Star Wars
The same bundle that they've had for a while
You can no longer get those, unfortunately
And of course, it will be coming out
I believe
Next week with the brand new game
Of course, God of War Chains of Olympus
And some other cool stuff that will come
With this entertainment pack
It will come with a copy of
The Superbad UMD
As well as a voucher to download
Syphon Filter Combat Ops
From the PC Playstation Store
Now here's
My only little problem with this whole thing
Usually these entertainment packs come with
A 1GB memory stick
I have heard no mention of a 1GB memory
Stick with this, so
Yay, I can download a game to nothing
You have to buy a memory stick separately
Way to go, awesome
This might be a bad idea
But do you think we're just supposed to assume
It's there anyway?
I don't think it is, because they would have mentioned it
It would have been a selling point, but
You know, hey, surprise me
Maybe it is in there, but
I'm just going to take a while to guess
And seeing as they didn't mention it
And I don't think it was in the press release
Although I will double check in just a second here
I'm pretty sure it does not
Come with a memory stick, which is kind of sad
Now, Alpha Canagram in chat says
Loki, bigger sizes are dirt cheap
1GB is useless
That's fine, okay, but the fact is
It's still stupid to offer
A free downloadable game
A voucher or whatever
It's worth, I guess, 10 bucks
When you don't have anything to store it to
Well, here's my thought
What about the fact that
My roommate was hooking up a new printer today
And it didn't come with a USB cable
To hook it up to the computer
So it's kind of that same logic to me
Battery's not included, except now it's other things
Memory not included
I understand, buying a game console
Back in the day, it didn't come with a memory card
You had to buy a memory card
To save your games and stuff
It's completely optional
But, I mean, come on
Got a War Chains of Olympus
You're going to need a memory stick
It's just kind of annoying that you get it all home
Or something, you get it for Easter
Or something like that
It's like, yeah, I'm ready to play this game
Aw shit, I gotta go drive back down to the store
To pick up a memory stick
I don't know, I think it's still kind of cheap
But whatever
If that's kind of your thing
Then go ahead and purchase it
And it'll probably be limited
Since the last one was too
Although I think most people
That are all crazy about God of War
Most of them probably already have a PSP, don't you think?
That's always what amazes me about these bundles
That come out so much later
But, oh yeah, this is also coming out in June-ish
I mean, around that time frame
So it's going to be three months after
The game actually comes out
I don't know, it's cool I guess
If you don't have one yet
You might think about picking this up
To be honest, the only reason I picked up
My Daxter bundle was because it was the only thing
Available at the time, so
It wasn't like I really wanted to play Daxter
Another comment from chat
From Ake Ripper, I think that is
A-K-E Ripper
It's chat.orangelandstranger.com
Says, still, one gigabyte, you don't get far
You know what?
I'm using my 16 memory
16 megabyte memory stick
That came with my original PSP
Or 32 or whatever it is
The original one from the first PSP bundle
Hey, you know what? That's fine
That's the thing right now
Say you can't
Just throw in a 32 meg one
Yeah, I know it sucks and you can buy a bigger one later
But hey, you know what? At least it will get you through
Being able to save your game
Of God of War so you can start playing it right out of the box
And I'm sure since those
1 gigabyte memory sticks are, what, 30 bucks now
The 32 megabyte one should be like 50 cents
If that
I mean, so come on
Just dump that shit
Hey, I'm not alone
We have another chat.orangelandstranger.com
And I cannot pronounce this name for the life of me
It's T-V-V-I-C-H-M-A-N
Tovitchman? I don't know
Says, I still use my 32, so I'm not alone
So, there you have it
Well, you know
A lot of people are very excited about home
Even though it keeps kind of getting pushed back
And pushed back, but you know what they say
As long as there's reason and purpose
Behind pushing it back
Because it isn't all necessarily a bad thing
Apparently
Some big Sony games are going to be
Integrated in home, and those games are
Warhawk, Uncharted, Drakes, Fortune, and Resistance
Follow Man, and assumably
These are just three to start, and you know, obviously
More would follow
I imagine other big titles, even from third party publishers
Would be included here too
Warhawk is going to let eight people
Meet in like a war room area
Prior to a match
And you can make out your strategies on a sand table
That's like a replica of the different levels in the game
And then you go right from there
Into your match
So, kind of cute
And then Resistance and Uncharted
Basically, your avatars can go into levels
From those games
And that would allow you to get to parts of the game
That are even completely unseen
In addition to that, Uncharted is supposed to have
A 2D shooter game that's built into it
That launches from home
So that's some cool ideas
That sounds fairly generous
But, you know
I imagine the shooter is cheesy
But it's better than nothing
And it's probably one of those cool little integrations
The news about home
Is very exciting
And it makes me wish it would have been out a lot sooner
But, you know, okay
If the delays are making it better, then it's hard to complain
It's all part of their plan to hopefully get more momentum
I mean, this is also stuff that they can say
Look, here, Live does not have this
This is why you should buy a PS3
They're giving us reasons now
They're selling a system
Which is what they should have been doing since the beginning
Frisbee in chat says
Push it back until no one cares, am I right?
I don't know, but the more they drop little tidbits like this
It's hard to ignore
Yeah, but at the same time, though
It's like, you know, Duke Nukem Forever
Come on, dude
I would like to see a little more video of this stuff in action
Not just screenshots
You know, just because
Video helps you get so much more of a sense
Of what it really looks like than pictures
I mean, the trophy room thing
It's kind of neat, I guess
But at the same time, I'm just like, whatever
Like, I wouldn't want to walk through someone's trophy room
And see a stupid dragon from Lair
I'd be like, wow
Testament that you played Lair
Man, you suck
Well, you know what, though, Xbox is the same thing with the achievements
You know, you get certain achievements
Well, it's like, I wouldn't want to walk through someone's room
Of, like, achievements that they've earned during, like, you know, Totem Ball
Or some shit
This is where I played the game for ten hours or something
Wow, you have dedication
You press start
Achievement unlocked
Wasn't that one in the Simpsons game?
Or Avatar
You hit something eight times in a row
One thousand points unlocked
There you have it
I don't know, Jamie, are you excited about home on PlayStation 3?
Relatively
I'm excited because it's free
If I had to pay for that shit, I'm not playing in home
Free is a good thing
Free is a very good thing, it's hard to ignore
Oh, that is a good point
Touche for Jamie
Speaking of achievements you don't like to have on your record
Well, there actually is a date now for Dual Shock 3
Over here in the US
We're getting it on April 15th
For $54.99
And I don't want that for my birthday
So nobody get it for me
But it's, I mean
It's basically
Basically, from what I can tell in here, the 6-axis with vibration, so...
So basically it's the controller that should have come out the first time, it's finally coming out.
Yeah, except for all the crappy legal problems they were having.
Wait, what was the price again on that?
That's $54.99.
$54 bucks for a freaking controller. But then again, Xbox is just as bad, right? Isn't it like $59 for their wireless?
$49.
It's the same price as their current controllers. You see, he rumbles $5 extra.
I guess...
That is too damn much for a controller.
Wait, no, I actually rumble, well, tilt sensors in rumble are, you know, $5 extra.
Well, it is also wireless.
But still...
Yeah, the wireless controller, I don't know, it's a...
I don't give Xbox a pass here either, I think their controllers are way too expensive too, I think.
And then you get the Wii one, it's just as bad too.
Yeah, the Wii's bad.
Controllers are way too damn much money.
Yeah, yeah, but I have to say something though for the Xbox 360 controllers, that the keyboard attachment is cool.
Really?
Oh yeah.
I haven't even really played with one ever.
The Wii is actually more expensive if you consider the remote and nunchuck, because the remote's $40 and the nunchuck's $20, so it's $60 altogether.
I don't know, I guess maybe for some reason I let Nintendo slip by a little more, and I know people want to call it fanboyism, but I don't.
Here's my logic, I let Nintendo get by a little more with having the higher price because that controller is really kind of like the core of the system and the motion and everything,
but I don't know, I guess one could argue that it's the same thing on the Playstation 3.
I don't know, but the motion shit on the Playstation 3 is very kind of...
Last minute?
Not really last minute, but just kind of, well, a little last minute, but just kind of useless, I think.
I like this comment from Alpha Canagram in chat, he says,
Sky, wait, Game Boy Advance with cable for the GameCube was most expensive.
That's true, because you'd have to buy the Game Boy Advance with cable, and if you wanted to have any enjoyment out of Crystal Chronicles, you had to get four of those.
You know we actually still kept our Game Boy Advances for that reason?
Yeah.
So that we could play Pac-Man Versus?
I was going to say, I can only think of like three games that even use that feature, no, four, because Animal Crossing was one.
And yeah, Animal Crossing, Pac-Man Versus, Crystal Chronicles, and Zelda.
Zelda.
For sorts.
Yeah, and that's really it, just a handful of games.
But Pac-Man Versus is awesome.
And you know it's only a little time before the DS and Wii start to see more of that stuff, too.
Well, didn't Pac-Man Versus come out on the Namco Museum DS?
Yes, that's right.
That's pretty cool.
It is pretty cool.
Not enough to get me to buy Namco games all over again, those classic collections that I keep re-releasing.
Random thoughts, speaking of classic collections, that just kind of make me go, huh.
I was randomly at a record store earlier this week, because I was, gasp, shock and awe, buying a CD.
I know, I know.
I was actually buying a CD, and this place sells video games as well, they sell used video games.
And I actually saw on the play, and I was actually looking at old Genesis and Nintendo and Atari to see if there was anything really cool in the retro stuff.
It was all sports.
It was all sports stuff.
Dreamcast was all the NBA, NHL, so that's pretty much all they had.
But one thing I noticed on the PlayStation 2 was an Activision anthology, and I never even knew this game existed.
Because the Activision releases an anthology on every system.
You know, they had one on PlayStation 1, they've had one on the PC, I actually own the one on PC.
They've had a ton of them.
I didn't realize they had one on PlayStation 2, but I just thought it was funny, because I'm reading the back of the box, like all the games that are in it.
And this is how they're selling the game, is that A, it talks about, you can do cool effects to the games while you're playing.
Like, you can play Pitfall, but it's in a cube or something.
But then the other thing, I thought it was really funny, because it lists all these games, and underneath that it says,
Never before seen in an Activision compilation, Pitfall 2 and some of these other really obscure Activision games.
Although I don't think Pitfall 2 is that obscure, but the other ones that were listed were very obscure.
Like, Bridge. What's that?
I think I'm going to order a freeloader.
You're going to order the Activision one? What?
No, a freeloader.
Oh, freeloader. Oh.
Oh.
We'll talk more about that a little later, I bet.
So, another person jumping from the Sony ship would be Phil Harrison.
He's actually resigned from Sony Computer Entertainment, which is sad, because that only leaves Kaz left.
And, luckily though, it's not, was it not, oh God, the crazy guy.
Ken Kutaragi.
Ken Kutaragi, yeah. Thank God he's not the only one left piloting this boat here.
But, no, that does leave Kaz. I believe there were some rumors on where he was going to go,
including, you know, Atari to, I don't know why he would jump from one ship to another sinking ship, but whatever.
But, sad to see him go, because he was actually kind of a voice of logic, I guess, for the company.
But who needs that, really?
I don't know. But that is weird. If it's true, he went to Atari.
That's kind of like, I don't know, but maybe he can help fix things there. I don't know.
That'd be nice to see them turn around.
All right, well, you know, with all this talk about Lost Odyssey and what a great RPG it is,
sometimes I think we've neglected some other RPGs that came out where they were actually really amazing.
One of them was Persona 3, and I admit, I did not get to really play much of Persona 3.
I've just heard from other people how freaking phenomenal it is.
But now I'm glad I'm going to have an excuse to revisit it, because apparently,
Persona FES, which is an expansion to Persona 3, is actually coming out here in the U.S. on April 22,
and it'll set you back $29.99.
But the cool thing about it, now obviously this is a PlayStation 2 game.
It's not in the current gen of consoles. It's in PlayStation 2, but obviously that's what a lot of people still have.
But for such a low price, for such a huge game, you get both the enhanced version of Persona 3,
and new bonus features, and a new chapter that is apparently 30-plus hours.
So this is kind of like Oblivion game of the year edition, but for Persona.
For 30 bucks, which isn't bad.
There's still pretty good stuff coming out on the PlayStation 2.
And luckily though, a lot of the people that put out really crappy shovelware games for the PS2 have now moved to the Wii.
So you get a pretty good crowd, although there are still some.
But luckily though, they've adopted the price point at $14.99 retail,
and you know, you can't beat that, even if it does suck.
Well, you can download a lot of games for five bucks, so I don't know, $14.99 still feels too expensive for me for a crap game.
You know, Hannah Montana goes to college or whatever the hell they put out.
What?
I don't know. I pulled that name out of thin air.
You want to know what status I think that they would make that game?
They just might. Patent pending.
Why don't you go to college? She's rich.
I don't own the copyright to Hannah Montana or the trailer.
Well, if I were really rich, I would want to be fully educated.
True.
But then again, if you're, you know, a puppet of Disney, then...
In my mind, it's a sitcom, just like Saved by the Bell went to college at one point.
I think it's just inevitable that all the Disney Channel stars need to go to college at some point.
That would have saved Brittany from her fate.
Perhaps.
Goofy goes to college.
Garsh.
Can I read the next story, please?
You may.
Well, Motorstorm 2 is going to be coming out.
It says it will be out in time for the winter holiday to be politically correct.
I'm so excited that they're releasing game on Festivus.
Decemberween.
Gives you something to celebrate.
So what's going to be so exciting about Motorstorm 2?
It's island themed.
Which is so, you know, wintery.
That might be kind of fun, though.
I did think the first one had too much dirt.
This one seems to have plenty of dirt, too.
It's in the middle of a desert.
I'm sorry.
Too much dirt for you.
Although, you know what, I really have to say that the artist's joystick where we got this information from are very creative.
I would have preferred to see Motorstorm 2 on the moon, because I don't think they've done a good off-road moon racing game.
Actually, there was Cruis'n World.
Wasn't there a level in Stunt Race FX?
Cruis'n World had you go play on the moon.
And then you ran into aliens that had Bill Clinton and some chick in a hot tub.
Thank you.
Malholus in chat.
I hope I'm pronouncing that right.
We have a lot of new chatters tonight.
Welcome, all you guys.
Malholus in chat says, moon patrol.
I am straight.
That's old school right there.
Moon patrol.
That's all the moon game you need.
Rob, did you take a good look at the screen capture?
Wait.
You know, I was just thinking, there's all these bastardized Atari games from years past.
Why didn't they ever put out a bastardized moon patrol?
That's what I'm curious about.
Or did they?
And I just missed it.
What picture am I looking for?
The screen capture.
They took a picture from Motorstorm and put a pond and a palm tree on it.
Made out of Microsoft Paint.
Cute.
I have to show this in the chat room, because it's hilarious.
Pretty cute.
Oh, I just thought of it.
Hannah Montana goes to her first frat party.
Hannah Montana goes wild.
Hannah Montana overdoses from drugs.
It's inevitable.
Hannah Montana gets a podcast.
They already do crap like that.
It's called the Evening News.
There you go.
Malholus again.
Hannah Montana goes to the moon.
There it is.
Right there.
Like, two things we need, right?
Together.
Alright.
Enough of this.
I don't know when we decided we needed more Hannah Montana, but it's funny.
We do not need more Hannah Montana.
We need less of Hannah Montana.
What we do need more of is more colors in PS3.
And, there is a rumor.
I was just thinking that.
I know.
No, I wasn't actually.
I can read minds.
It's a skill I learned.
Okay.
So, there is a new SKU coming out for the 48 PS3.
I know this for a fact, because they're going to take out Spider-Man 3, the Blu-Ray.
Because, Sony thinks, you know what?
Blu-Ray is a winning format.
We do not need to tease you with Spider-Man 3.
You will just buy your own fucking Blu-Ray movies.
So, there is going to be a new SKU coming out.
And, apparently, some Circuit City employees have begun receiving their shipments of these
new PS3s.
And, on the shipping box, there is a model number, which is CECHH01.
And for those who may remember a while back when we covered that the FCC had an item filed
from Sony regarding a white PS3 while the item numbers happened to match.
So, is it going to be the white system coming out to replace the black one with the Spider-Man
3?
Maybe.
I don't know.
We'll have to see, I guess.
But, if that's the case, it's going to be coming soon.
Are there really people that are like, I mean, do these people really, really exist that
are like, I'm not going to get a PlayStation 3 until they release them in white?
Or until they release them in red?
Or what are the colors that we talked about?
The silver thing that we talked about on another show in another country.
I don't think that...
Are there really those people?
I don't think that there are.
But, I mean, people may be with the DS because it's cheaper.
But I don't think color is really going to, I don't know, sway you on buying the system
or not.
I mean, people aren't going to go, you know, it's $400.
If only it were in white, I would really just make the purchase.
I just need something that matches the drapes and black doesn't do it for me.
I fucking hate when they come out with new system colors because then they have to come
out with new accessory colors and new everything colors and it just sucks.
Lots of comments in chat.
Brad from Pod Culture says, Skye, I waited till Blue to get my DS.
With Nintendo, though, it's inevitable that they're going to come out in other colors.
That is still a little crazy.
Not that I'm excusing Nintendo's color thing, but you'll notice, whatever happened to the
pink Wiis?
Whatever happened to that?
And the blue Wiis and the green Wiis?
Whatever happened to that?
They didn't need to do it, that's what, I guess.
SSJ100Matt says, Rob would hold out for a Hello Kitty PS3.
Damn right.
I would love to get a Hello Kitty PS3.
That would be the best.
Chat.OrangeLaunchRadio.com if you'd like to join in.
We do try to keep an eye on Justin.TV's chat room as well, but sometimes I have a hard
time staying on top of that because that's two different chat rooms.
That's a lot.
Something you're going to be able to play on those white PlayStations would be lots
and lots of games coming to the PlayStation Store.
25 old school titles have been leaked by the European version of the PlayStation Store.
Well, also, there are some pretty cool titles in there.
No, there are some very cool titles in there.
That's what makes me think it's probably fake.
It's not fake.
These are from the European version of the ESRB is where they got these titles from.
Oh, I thought it was a store delete.
Oh, no, it was the PEGI.
I guess leaked the same region.
Okay, is there a version of the, oh, I thought it was Sony that accidentally somehow made
these visible for a minute.
Well, then I guess it's legit and there are some cool games coming out because one of
them, Bust-A-Groove, Holla!, those folks like their old school music games and stuff, very
excited to hear that.
Crash Bandicoot 3, Colony Wars, Cool Borders 2 and 3, Destruction Derby 2, Devil Dies,
Everybody's Golf, Klona, Klonoa, Klonoa's like the best game ever, Kurushi Final, Motor
Tune Grand Prix, Namco Museum 1, 2, and 4, I don't know what happened to 3, Omega Boost,
Ridge Racer, Ridge Racer Type 4, Rollcage, Spyro, Tekken 2, 3, Twisted Metal, Vib ribbon,
Wipeout 3, Wipeout 2097, lots of stuff.
Vib ribbon.
That's pretty awesome.
That is pretty awesome.
That game is crack.
And actually, I don't know if a lot of people remember, Colony Wars is actually pretty decent
as far as the space shooter goes, same with Cool Borders, that's pretty fun.
Omega Boost is awesome.
Son of Dad says, Intelligent Cube, please.
There you go.
He said, don't they have the PSP one, didn't they come out with like a sequel-ish thing
to that game?
Yeah, they have a couple of them.
And let's see, Crunky Boy Jr. in chat says, I got Klonoa once and some antibiotics cleared
it right up.
Hey, Klonoa was a great game, but it was messed up at the end.
I have played all the way through Klonoa, thank you.
Nice.
So, in other bundling news, in Europe, they're going to get a pretty decent bundle, I'm going
to say, that is the Gran Turismo 5 Prologue Bundle.
And it's a 40 gigabyte PS3, I'm sorry, my apologies, 80 gigabyte, oh, sorry, they're
doing two of them, my apologies.
I was just staring at the red box because it's, well, kind of red and black and very
cool colored, and it's got a silver car up on the front of it, I can't see what it is
though, but they're saying that it's going to be out on, looks like March 29th and retails
for 3.99 euro, so that's pretty cool.
I love all this hubba loo over prologue.
It's not even the actual game, it's just prologue.
But to be honest, I think this game's going to hurt their sales for the full game.
You think?
Well, for people, if I had to buy a Gran Turismo game, I don't think I'd buy the full one because
I don't race 200 cars, there's only a few cars that actually probably race, and after
I play this game, prologue, for however many months until the full game comes out, I'll
probably be sick of it.
I'll just be like, okay, whatever, I'm done, I'm not going to spend another $50 or whatever
to upgrade to have more cars.
Now the smart thing to do would be to release the retail version of Gran Turismo 5 and release
a $20 update that would give you all the additional cars and tracks.
That would never happen though.
RossdielUT in chat says, Loki, Gran Turismo isn't for you, it's for crazed car freaks.
There's another bundle listed on here too.
What's that?
A Blu-ray bundle, the 40 gigabyte PS3 with Spiderman 300 and Casino Royale on March 19th.
Now that's reasonable, because obviously now that Blu-ray has officially won or whatever,
that's totally understandable.
There's a lot of people that are going to buy PlayStation 3s just because it plays Blu-rays
and games.
You want to know why there's going to be a lot of people to do that?
Because that's how PlayStation 2 won.
Hey, I bought my PlayStation 2, well actually no, I didn't buy it as a DVD player, I just
bought it because Armored Core was coming out on it, and I love me some Armored Core.
Except I didn't buy Armored Core 4, whatever.
I liked what Akdeft in chat says too, Akdeft says, Gran Turismo 5 prologue, Gran Turismo
5 introduction, Gran Turismo 5, and then Gran Turismo 5 epilogue.
And yet, no Gran Turismo portable for the PSP.
It starts to sound like a Final Fantasy series, it's like Final Fantasy VII games now at some
point.
And they'll have Final Fantasy prologue with cars.
Gran Turismo.
There's different kinds of chocobos.
You get to try out different chocobos.
You may not be ready for Gran Turismo 5, there are plenty of other games to get your attention
this week.
Starting things off, we have Bully Scholarship Edition coming out on the Wii and Xbox 360.
Slightly better than the PlayStation 2 version because it has slightly better graphics and
a few more missions.
The game I teased last week, Let's Ride Friends Forever, coming out on the DS.
Worst name ever.
If you're into baseball.
Or most unintentionally funny name ever, depending on how you look at it.
There's going to be two games for you, Sony's MLB 08 The Show, and that's coming on PlayStation
2, PlayStation 3, and PSP.
And then MLB 2K8 coming out on PS2, PS3, PSP, Wii, and Xbox 360.
We have Army of Two coming out on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
Chicken Hunter on the DS.
It's a stupid game where you kill chickens.
So it's not just a clever name.
No, it's very literal.
And imagine Figure Skater.
It is a game where you are a figure skater and you get to do little gay ass moves.
Yay, figure skater.
I'm almost offended by that comment.
I'm sorry, I'll never compare you to figure skater ever again.
Yeah, exactly.
Let's see what else we have here.
Also Arctic Stud Poker Run for the PC, awesome.
Silent Hill Origins coming out on PlayStation 2 this week.
God of War Chains of Olympus coming out on the PSP, that looks pretty awesome.
Pets Bunnies for the DS, yes you two can raise bunnies now, hooray.
Let's see, just a small little game called Super Smash Brothers Brawl for the Wii.
That will be coming out a week from today, hooray.
Ninja Reflex is coming out on the Wii and the DS this week for your Ninja themed party
games.
World Championship Cards for the PSP, in case you want to play something other than poker.
Mystery Dungeon Sheeran the Wanderer coming out on the DS.
Let's see, we've also got Spitfire Heroes Tales of the Royal Air Force, that's on DS
as well.
And Homies Rollers on the DS.
You like Homies the Clown?
That's like Homies as in those little stupid urban figures they can get out of those machines
for 10 cents or 25 cents.
Oh, my boss used to collect those.
The uh, let's see, I believe that's it.
Smash Brothers Brawl, that's really all you need to know for this week.
I know, I think Let's Ride Friends Forever doesn't stand much of a chance, but maybe
there's a certain audience for that, I don't know.
I will tell you what.
Uh oh, what?
Let's Ride Friends Forever sells a million copies.
Oh no, oh here we go, here we go, okay, yes, yes, if Let's Ride Friends Forever sells a
million copies, yes, what?
We'll do the whole tingle thing and we'll burn Eye of Judgment.
We'll need another game in there, just, you know, more of a chance.
You want to keep giving the listeners some hope, right?
Yeah.
Great.
The makers of that game just thanked you for selling like, you know, about 100 additional
copies they wouldn't have sold otherwise.
Here, I'll make it even more fair.
The combined sales between Let's Ride Friends Forever...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, so the combined sales between Let's Ride Friends Forever and Eye of Judgment
now?
Yes.
Oh, mark...
Because Let's Ride Friends Forever will be lucky to sell 100,000 copies.
Somebody mark the date and time of this, oh, it's almost exactly 7 o'clock here on Sunday
evening, March 2nd.
It will never sell anything, okay, come on.
Well that's, that's something, that's giving the listeners, that's for the little meter
some of the chatters made up, some of the chatters actually made up a little meter that
looks like a telethon thing, and it's like the road to 1 million copies.
It'll never happen.
Now it gives them something to add to that.
It'll never, ever happen.
Just like Let's Ride Friends Forever will never, ever sell.
Here's the thing, here's the thing, chat room, you gotta get him to keep adding games to
it until he doesn't realize that he's put like 20 games towards the total.
Oh yeah, someone noted the OLR wiki to add that.
Joel Banjo says another one for the OLR wiki, I forgot to mention Housekeeping, this would
have been good.
They created a wiki for Orange Lounge Radio, and you can wiki stuff on it, even though
I guess, well we have an official Wikipedia article, but now we have our own freaking
entire wiki, which is amazing because, you know, I didn't really, you'd think I wrote
it or Loki wrote that article, but we've never really worked on that, it was totally the
fans that did that, so that was really cool.
And uh...
I haven't even seen it.
On Wikipedia?
Oh, well I thought you meant, oh you meant on Wikipedia, I thought you meant like a...
Yeah, the actual article on Wikipedia.
A wiki set up for us.
Yes, but now there is a whole Orange Lounge Radio wiki, and you can...
That's what I was talking about.
Yes, that, well I'll give you that link right now so you can check it out, it's orangeloungeradio.wikia,
that's W-I-K-I-A dot com, so check it out, and somebody just linked it in chat as well,
so check that out.
Alright, meanwhile, let's go back to traveling the globe and looking at upcoming releases,
and we'll start on the Xbox 360 in Japan.
You get a new version of the console coming out, the Xbox 360 Arcade hits Japan, and with
that comes some price reductions, yay, including Riot Act, which you might know as Crackdown,
and Saints Row gets some price reductions this week on the Xbox 360 in Japan.
Coming out on the Playstation 3, the DualShock 3 makes its way out there, as well as Guitar
Hero 3, Legends of Rock finally comes out in Japan, the Satin Silver, that's what I
was trying to think of earlier, the Satin Silver Playstation 3 comes out as well.
Continuing our trip in Japan on the Nintendo Wii, Family Jockey comes out in Japan, also
Metroid Prime 3 Corruption, I did not realize this game had quite the delay between the
US and Japan, but it is finally coming out in Japan this week, so I guess we're not the
only ones that have to wait for big titles sometimes, it looks like Japan had to wait
for this one, that's kind of surprised me, and I look to see if it's a price reduction
or something like that, it's not, it's full price, so this must be the first time they're
getting that, so that kind of surprised me.
Nobunaga no Yabu Kakushin, and it comes with a-
Nobunaga's ambition something.
I don't-
Online, I think.
Well, it comes with what's called a power-up kit, and I'm not exactly sure what a power-up
kit has in it, so this is something they haven't released yet.
Maybe it's two different Nobunaga games, same thing with Double Kings or whatever they call
that over there.
I would like to know what exactly the power kit includes.
It's drugs.
Perhaps, but it does look like another version of Nobunaga's ambition, dang, the last time
I played this game was on the NES, and look how far it's come, it's like Civilization,
I remember Civ 1, I have such fond memories of that game.
And I had a Nobunaga's ambition game that came out the beginning of February for PlayStation
2.
Yeah, but now I can't play those games anymore, they're too complicated for me, I'm not smart
enough to play those games, I'll admit it.
I think that's just exactly what it boils down to.
They're too much for me now.
They get too complicated.
They need a Nobunaga's ambition party game.
Yeah, they need like, you know how they dumb down Madden for Wii owners?
That's what I need, I need a dumbed-down version of Nobunaga's ambition.
Swing the remote down to conquer Japan.
It's too bad they don't have achievement points.
And I accidentally closed out my list, so I'll tell you what, why don't we go to Europe
and then we'll come back to Japan?
Well, you know what that actually makes me think, did we ever get a current-gen release
of Risk?
Not that I can think of.
But wouldn't that be a great Xbox Live title?
It'd be cool if we had Risk and Access and Allies, wouldn't that be cool?
That would be very cool.
I love games like that.
Oh wait, I got the Japanese release dates back, never mind.
Fine.
Europe can wait a little longer, they're used to it.
That was me!
It was, below the bell, I'm sorry, party foul.
Dear European listeners, please send Rob a smack in the head via email.
Send me your cards and letters.
Whatever, they get Mario Kart early.
Yeah, that's right.
So you know, shut up.
Go stuff yourself with a crumpet.
Hey!
I love Britain, I love all of Europe, I love France, I love Spain, I love them all.
Alright.
On the PlayStation 2, also Guitar Hero 3 comes out there as well.
And guess what, as if there wasn't enough Pachinko in your life, Hisu Pachinko Pachi
Slot Koryoku Series Volume 10 comes out as well.
By the way, there's another one that is a Neon Genesis Evangelion version of Pachinko,
because I know you were just thinking about wanting to have that.
On the Nintendo DS, Bomberman gets a price cut, Doraemon no Bita Ton Midori no Kyojinden
DS comes out.
In other words, it's Doraemon on the DS yet again.
And lastly on the PSP, and then I promise we can do the Europe dates, Dragon Quest and
Final Fantasy in Itadaki Street Portable, that is a combo kit of those games.
It's like an Ultimate Hits.
So there you have it.
And also, Valkyrie Profile also moves into the Ultimate Hits.
The Lenneth and what was the other one, Slo-Mera or whatever it was called, they both move
into the Greatest Hits collection.
Alright, now that all of Britain hates me, and Europe in general, let's go to their release
dates, shall we, Jamie?
Fine.
Well these are all on the 7th, and one of them pisses me off, but I have a certain bias
against it.
Coming out is Army of Two on PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, Blacksite Area 51 on PS3, Bully's
Scholarship Edition, Xbox 360 and Wii, Destroy All Humans, Big Willy Unleashed on Wii, Dynasty
Warriors 6 on Xbox 360 and PS3, Jack Keane on PC, MX vs ATV Untamed on a bunch of crap,
Rock Band on PlayStation 2, that's a big one, The Destiny of Zorro on Wii, Victorious Boxers
on Wii, and the one that pisses me off, Warhammer 40K Dawn of War.
Wait, Victorious Boxers on Wii?
Yes.
Oh, Victorious.
I thought you said Victorias, and I'm thinking like, is that like Victoria's Closet for Men?
Like now they're expanding?
I thought that you were thinking of Spice Girls.
You mean Victoria's Secret?
She has a penis?
No, I thought you said Victoria's Closet.
Oh, maybe I did.
That was a really crappy show.
That was Veronica's Closet, it was Chrissy Alley.
No, Victoria's Secret, I thought I heard her say Victoria's Boxers.
Maybe my mind is just focused on underwear right now, I don't know.
See, you said Victoria's, though, and I was thinking that you were bringing up Spice
Girls.
They're a pair of boxers, and on the back of them is a big peace sign, you know, like
the V for victory or whatever.
A hand doing a V.
Please let's change the topic.
I hate Warhammer 40K.
Why?
Because I had an ex who did nothing but play Warhammer 40K and paint his retarded little
models on end for days at a time.
I tried painting those once, and then I saw that they were six millimeters tall, and I'm
like, fuck this.
I am not doing this.
And I'm a big gamer, I love gaming, but there just comes a point where there's this weird
obsession with the little figures and for building terrain from scratch, and that's
all he ever did, so yeah, I broke up with him to play with, you know, to hang out with
some guy that played Rifts.
It was fun, though, running over those little figurines with a toy train, because, you know,
if you're going to build your own landscape, you might as well already have a train set
and landscape built already for that.
Well, I can understand having a project, that's one thing, but when your entire life is your
project, that's a little something else.
That and you didn't have a job.
Yeah.
Speaking about building little figurines, Legos, you know, you see a lot of Lego spinoffs
for different games, including Indiana Jones and Star Wars.
Well, now EGM wants to try to make us believe that there's going to be Lego Halo.
As if we can believe anything that's in their April issue, but they have screenshots to
prove that it's real, you know, much like Mushroom Kingdom Hearts, but sure, if you
want to believe...
The minute I saw a headline that said, April EGM announces Lego Halo or whatever it was,
I was like, oh, haha, funny, April Fools joke.
I hate April Fools.
You know...
Hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
It would be cool if it were real, I don't think it is, and I don't think you would try
to...
It's not, come on.
You wouldn't announce something like this in your April magazine, you know, and of course
it's their exclusive, they say, and stuff like that.
Trust me, if this was a real exclusive, 1up.com would be whoring the shit out of this right
now, okay, because they like to tease their exclusives, so, whatever.
You don't need any more Halo or Lego Halo.
Well, I almost thought this was a joke when I first read about it too, but no, it is true,
and it's one of the more interesting types of development in gaming I've heard in a long
time.
Okay, here's the thing.
You know Treasure made a shooter years ago called Bangayo?
Bangayo!
Okay, well, here's...
Isn't that a classic game?
Yeah, well, that's right, it's coming out on the DS, right, as Bangayo Spirits, okay?
That's not the part I thought was a joke.
Here's the part I thought was a joke.
It uses what's called sound load, and what you do, you share custom levels, high scores
and replay videos, but you don't do it using the built-in Wi-Fi or any of that, no, no,
it's sound.
That's right, because the DS has a microphone and a speaker, I guess you put the DSs really
close to each other, and what happens is that the data is turned into noises and sound,
and it's played out the speaker of your DS, and then your friend picks it up on his microphone
or his or her microphone DS, and turned back into game data.
What a weird concept.
And the other thing you can do with this is you can put them in MP3 format or whatever
and spread them out on the internet, so people can download them that way.
It's Treasure.
It's kind of neat, I'll admit, but I totally, when I first read this, I'm like, this is
the weirdest thing I've ever heard, but yeah, and then I'm thinking like, wow, we could
like put a custom level on our podcast and be like, okay, Bangayo owners, turn on your,
you know, and that's probably exactly what they want, which is why this feature is in
there, but.
Let's do that, because everybody loves listening to the sound of a modem when you pick it up.
Or if you put a CD in a, or if you put an old CD-ROM in a regular CD player and you
hear that.
No, it was like, did you ever put in the Symphony of the Night CD and then listen to the hidden
track?
Yeah, but the thing about PlayStation, yes, I have done that, but the thing about PlayStation
discs is for whatever reason, I don't know if this is the coding or whatever, but if
you try to play track one on a PlayStation disc, it's silence.
You won't hear the noise that you will in like an old school, like go find yourself
a copy of Encarta and put it in a regular CD player, and if you know what I'm talking
about in your old school, because we did this in junior high, we would take a copy of Encarta
and put it in a regular CD player, and it makes the most hideous noise, and what you
do is, it was like the dumbass joke you would play is that you would turn the radio thing
up full blast, close the door, and run.
I guess.
I just remember putting them in, especially, they'd also do it on a PC Engine Duo disc
and say, this is a game disc, do not listen to this or your speakers will die.
That type of thing.
Very interesting feature, I have to admit, this is a game I probably wouldn't have thought
to go run out and buy or even really check out just because there's too many other games
on the table, right, but now I'm kind of like, I might have to look at this game just for
this feature.
I'll tell you in one word why I'm getting this game.
Why?
Treasure!
I should have known.
Treasure!
There's always one still looking for Chameleon Twist.
Alright, well, let's move on, that's all I have to say until the game comes out.
Well, I know that quite a number of our listeners are into Rock Band, so something that everyone
should be happy about is that there is a Grateful Dead pack coming out for a Rock Band that
will have China Cat Sunflower, Casey Jones, Sugar Magnolia, Trucken, Franklin's Tower,
and I Need A Miracle.
I think that that's pretty cool because Grateful Dead is pretty cool.
Now I wonder if you can put weed in the smoke machine kit because that would be the full
dead experience right there.
You know what?
You laugh about that.
Apparently, okay, one of my customers, no, no, no, no, no, not about the weed thing.
No, one of my customers actually saw the kit set up at one of the GameStop's, I guess,
in Iowa or Idaho or wherever the hell he's from, and it was actually pretty funny.
He said it just looks like a fog machine with lights, and the lights basically hook up to
your sound.
They're all sound activated, like, you know, your sound out or whatever your stereo system,
and they react to the sound that you do.
So we could do the show, and it would react to our speaking and stuff.
Just what we need.
Well, there's a little bit more to this story.
For people who are not so Rock Band oriented and are more Guitar Hero 3 oriented, actually
no doubt having some releases on there, which no doubt cool, Gwen Stefani's solo bad because
she sucks.
That and she's got mental problems, but moving on.
Wow, tell us what you really think.
What songs are coming out from No Doubt, do we know?
Don't Speak, Excuse Me Mister, and Sunday Morning.
So we don't get Ex-Girlfriend.
That's the song I love.
No, no Just a Girl, no Spiderwebs, but I mean, my favorite song of theirs is in the list,
so I'm happy.
What song is that?
Don't Speak.
Don't Speak.
All right, let's hear some clips of these songs that are coming to Rock Band very soon.
Here's a clip of the Grateful Dead, so if you got them, smoke them.
Just kidding, that's bad.
Yes, you can jam to Truckin' pretty soon in Rock Band, and then we have coming to Guitar
Hero 3, we have No Doubt, and I'm sure you guys all know Don't Speak, so let's play one
of the more lesser known songs, which would be Sunday Morning.
At least I'm glad it breathes some life back into Guitar Hero 3 and Rock Band in general.
Rock Band and the Wheels keep on turnin' with that game.
Proud Mary keep on burnin', I don't know.
Not yet.
Maybe some day.
Anyhow.
And not to be outdone, from the studio that brings you Hannah Montana, Disney has announced
a brand new game for the Wii.
Hannah Montana goes to a Grateful Dead concert.
No!
It's Ultimate Band!
Fuck this Rock Band shit, it's the Ultimate Band.
And this will be coming out for the Wii and the DS.
One thing, though, that you will be happy to know, and maybe this might be a sad thing,
is that there will not be any peripherals for this game, it'll be all with the Wii Remote
and Nunchuk.
So you have to imagine how you're gonna actually play these songs.
They have a screenshot that shows apparently the guitar portion of the game, which looks
like it's gonna use the two buttons on the Nunchuk as your fret button.
So you have two fret buttons.
You have one, two, zero, or both.
This sounds like Ultimate Suck.
You know what, I'm gonna say something pretty daring here.
I think this actually isn't a bad idea.
Because think about who this game is aimed at.
It's aimed at kids, and parents don't want to spend all this frickin' money on all these
peripherals that their kids are gonna destroy.
So you know what, if you've got a Wii, why not come out with a game that's very similar
to Rock Band, but that you don't have to buy all this extra shit for?
And of course I'm not gonna like it, probably Jamie, Matt, they're not gonna like it.
It's not really made for us, it's a kid's game.
I'll try it, but you know, I don't think I'd buy this game, but I'll try it.
It is supposed to be coming out towards the holidays, and the DS version will have that
brand new dgamer online social network, which is sounding pretty awesome, and I really kind
of want to check it out, but that means I have to buy a Disney DS game, and I don't
know.
ActDeft in chat says, Sky speaks the truth, and GS68 says, Sky is right, ego plus plus.
The chat room actually just reminded me of another thing I didn't mention in my gaming
week.
What's that?
Oh, I bought Parappa.
Oh, rad.
For $15.
Nice.
At a Hollywood going out of business.
Let's see, RossTealUT says, Sky, that kid who got the 98% on Through the Fire and the
flames will disagree.
Yeah, well, he's a freak.
Hey, did I just call a seven-year-old a freak?
Cool.
That's fine, he's a freak.
Uni in chat says, Kids already nom-nomed the hell out of the Wii remote.
Makes it sound like the pet dog chewed up the Wii remote and hid it under the couch.
If your seven-year-old nom-noms the Wii remote and hides it under the couch, you got issues.
I like that phrase, that's funny.
What, nom-nom?
Nom-nom.
Didn't you hear, everything is Caturday now.
Everything.
Low cat speak.
Cronky Boy Jr. tries to put out a zinger here saying, You mean we save money on Wii peripherals?
But I'm bummed.
Get it?
Because the remotes are so fucking expensive.
They don't really have real Wii peripherals.
I mean, after all, there's like, what, the classic controller and the nunchuck.
That's the only thing that plugs into the Wii.
Everything else is plastic shit.
All right.
Well, you know, a lot of folks are very excited about this.
I'm sure Mo, remember Mo from a couple weeks ago?
Yes.
I'm sure she's very excited about this.
Still Alive is going to be coming to Rock Band.
And Valve threw a little party at Game Developers Conference, and get this, some guy actually
tried to steal the song.
Okay, here's how it worked, is that Jonathan Coulton was up on stage with his band, they
were playing Still Alive, but in Rock Band, because apparently he didn't get 100% on vocals,
which is ironically hilarious, but whatever.
So they finish, crowd is cheering, and what happens is that this guy from the crowd gets
up on stage, walks over to the 360, pulls out a memory card, which I don't know who
carries 360 memory cards with him on the go.
I mean, back in the day, I used to carry a PlayStation memory card when I go to the arcade
and stuff, or, you know, because DDR machines had the memory card slots.
They have two or three of those.
I can't think of any reason why you would put like a 360 card in your pocket everywhere
you go.
You go to this Game Developers Conference, whatever.
So he pulls out this memory card, he puts it in, messes around, and then finally, one
of the harmonious guys walks over and says, what's going on, and this guy says, I'm just
grabbing Still Alive, everyone needs to be able to play this.
Well, the developer, you know, took it back and deleted the thing off the card, and you
know, all is well.
Because I don't think this thing would have worked anyway, because it was probably a dev
360, and I'm sure this thing wouldn't have worked out in the wild.
It wouldn't have worked anyways because of Microsoft's fucked up digital rights management,
which we'll get into later, but...
Right.
Well, apparently, the guy actually wrote about it.
The only reason I'm not giving this Idiot of the Week award, or Stupid Guy of the Week,
or whatever we're calling it here, award, is because apparently the guy wrote about
it in his LiveJournal, and I don't know, don't quote me if this is 100% legitimate.
It could be fanfic or some shit, I don't know, but I think it's legit.
You can check it out on his LiveJournal, it's algorithmancy.livejournal.com, that's A-L-G-O-R-I-D.
I-T-A-H-M-A-N-C-Y.livejournal.com, and he writes in this entry on February 21st, 2008.
He writes his side of the story, and he puts a disclaimer at the end, he says, don't try
this at home.
The only reason I did, because I am an acquaintance of Alex, who works at Harmonix, as well as
good friends with several Harmonix folks, and game industry friends give each other
free swag all the time, remember, making an unauthorized copy of copyrighted material
is theft.
You know what the only thing I'll give this guy is?
Huh?
He's got a cool LiveJournal name, that's it.
It was kind of a dumb thing to do, but at least he admits it was a little...
It was a lot of a dumb thing to do.
At least he kind of admits in his LiveJournal thing, though, that it was a lot of dumb,
so you know, I'm not going to stupid award him when he begs for mercy.
Is that...
That's what you get when you drink lots of alcohols.
Exactly.
Alcohol bad, but still alive good.
Alright, before we wrap up...
Huh, what's that?
I said quite.
Before we wrap up, are you going to sing a little rendition for us here in the studio?
No.
Did you hear our idea?
I don't remember if this is the week you were gone, because February was all fucked up,
but were you here the week we had the idea that when it comes out, we'll get Mo back,
and she'll be our vocalist, and we'll get Matt to play drums, you can play guitar, you
and I can work out the guitar somehow, and we'll have an OLR band, and we'll do our rendition.
Was it last week?
I can't remember.
I'm getting old, and the weeks blend together.
That's okay, Rob.
Anyhow...
No, I'm still bringing you your birthday present.
Sweet.
Alright, speaking of getting old, the older we get, the more we reminisce about the classic
games, and that's why we like to pay tribute to the Classic Game of the Week every week.
Dark Sakura likes to respect her elders in the gaming world by paying tribute to old
classic games, so let's dust off a dusty game and see what Dark Sakura's picked for this
week's Classic Game of the Week.
What is it?
This is actually one of my favorite arcade games ever, and I have it on Saturn, is Cybertroopers
Virtual On, which is a 3D robot fighting game done from a behind-the-view of your own character
who you're playing.
Let's take a listen.
This is actually my favorite game of the week too, which is why I picked that, and almost
every other sample of it online was horrible.
So, moving forward, you basically play as a virtualoid, you know, a giant robot controlled
by a person, which is actually pretty funny because there are little insert things where
the pilots go in the back of the month for Saturn, and the sequel, Virtual On, or Tario
Tangrum, was a dreamcast, which I have that game too, and I thought that was cool.
You would play as a number of different specialties, like you have the Temjin, which is the balanced
one, you have the Raiden, which is a heavy battle, one really strong and heavily armed,
you have the Ampharm, which is one of the fast ones, it uses a tonko weapon, you have
the Belgor, which is a missile launcher, the Dorcas, which is another pretty heavy one,
the Viper 2, the Basbalbo, and my favorite, which is the Fayen, which is like the cute
squirrel, the Kometa, which is really fast and nice, you have the Zeegratt, and then
you have the Jaguarade, which is, as far as I remember, I think it was one of the hidden
ones.
But in the arcade, you had a 2% set up, and it had a dividing wall in between, so you
were like in the cockpit, and it used two sticks to control it, and on Saturn they did
release the twin sticks, and I actually don't have them, which makes me very upset because
I had a chance to get them, they did do an oratorio tangram that was on the Dreamcast,
I actually do have the twin sticks for that, in fact, you remember your ex-roommate?
We beat him getting them.
We went to a place that's no longer in business in Sacramento, and the guy who sold it to
us ended up being, I do believe, Mo's manager.
You know, I know, we're not helping those stereotypes about Sacramento being a cow town.
But at any rate, we came in, we saw the twin sticks for 45 bucks, which was astounding
at that time, and like, we want to buy these right now, and I was like, okay.
And then a person who's, as far as I knew, his nickname came from this game, came in
and we beat him by like 10 minutes.
So there were also other versions, there was Cyber Troopers Virtual on Force that was only
in Japanese arcades in 2001, and Virtual on Mars, which was the PS2 release, so.
There's also an audio drama for it, which is kind of funny.
And then there was a musical one, which was the Fei-Yen robot singing, I actually have
a Fei-Yen garage kit that I still have yet to put together that I bought like six years
ago.
Nice.
Virtual on's like, tops.
All right, well, that's going to do it, your classic game of the week, Virtual on, here
on Orange Lawn's radio, and on that note, we're going to go ahead and take a break,
it is the end of part A. That's right, it's not a short show this week, we're all here,
it's like you're finally getting a full OLR, now it's like three weeks later after Jamie
being sick, us having no show and then having a short show, the month of February was screwed,
but there's plenty more of regular, good old fashioned, hopefully unbroken OLR left to
go.
Lots of stories coming up in part B, if you thought part A was PlayStation heavy, which
it was, because there was a lot of PlayStation news this week, which hopefully those people
that email us every now and then say, you don't show Sony enough love, you guys hate
Sony, blah blah blah, hopefully we proved you wrong tonight, we have plenty of Sony
stories tonight, but in the next segment, lots of Nintendo news came out as well, so
we'll be getting all the Nintendo news in the next segment, and some other randomness,
such as, what is the guy that created Pong up to now?
You might be surprised.
So we're going to take a quick break, and we'll be right back with more of Orange
Lounge Radio, right after this.
Orange Lounge Radio.
Hi guys, it's Rob here with an important footnote for our podcast listeners.
There's no easy way for me to break the news, but part B this week was lost, and unfortunately
won't be hitting the podcast feed, and you won't get that news, we promised, unless you
were listening live and heard all two hours of it being taped.
So I'm sure you're wondering, what happened?
Well, what happened is that we were taping the show, so we always do, and we do a special
little show after that called The Afterbirth, it's only for the live listeners, and because
we play licensed music and stuff that we can't put on the podcast, and as we were taping
that, right at the very end, we were trying to unjumble some of the cords back here, and
the power cord to the computer got detached, and the whole damn thing shut off, and although
Audition keeps a temporary file on hand, when I went in to recover the file, I made a mistake
and ended up deleting the damn files, I was trying to make a backup copy of it, and I've
tried everything, I can't get, it's not in the recycle bin, pick the chatroom's brain
on it, it's gone, it ain't coming back, so I'm very sorry, and Justin, I was thinking
March wouldn't be as broken as February.
Anyhow, I guess one silver lining to this is that if you do want to hear Part B, it
is still archived on the Justin TV channel, so you can go to Justin.tv slash Orange Launch
Radio, and I believe some of our listeners are trying to make a highlight of the show
right now, now it's become this big lost archive of the show, it's like a collector's item
of sorts.
We will try to get an audio rip of that, we're probably not going to put it on the podcast
feed because the audio quality on Justin.tv is not great, our microphones don't hook into
that, it simply goes to our webcam, and the audio is really not great, we'll probably,
if anything, if we can get an audio rip of that, we'll probably put it on MySpace, Facebook
and all that stuff, unfortunately Part A is all the podcast listeners are going to get
this week, I am so sorry, in six years that we've been doing this show, we've never lost
a show like that, so it's kind of embarrassing and a little sad, especially off of a few
broken weeks in a row, but what can you do, life goes on, I hope everybody has a wonderful
week, happy gaming, and we'll see you next time with episode number 270 next week, with
all new power chords in studio, have a good one.
